





hotel furniture ff&e | hospitality designs


























































home


what we do


design and planning


project management


casegoods manufacturing


logistics and shipping




how we do it


our work


projects


products


casegoods


custom furniture





brands we've worked with




who we are


about us



contact us




get a quote






get a quote













questions? 1-877-hotel-88


0% financing







			great hotel furnishing		

			no strings, no stress,  no surprises		

			no strings
no stress
no surprises		


we’re a full-service provider of quality casegood manufacturing, outstanding interior design, complete procurement and logistics for the hospitality, health care and student housing industries. 







hilton omaha, omaha, ne








coast bastion hotel, nanaimo, bc








best western river cities, ashland, ky

















your partner in designing and delivering beautiful spaces
we get it. furnishing a hotel, motel or resort can be a lot of work. from designing the perfect space, to finding the right hotel furniture, to getting everything approved and shipped on time, it takes time that most hotel owners just can’t spare. that’s where we come in. our experienced project managers and designers will take the hassle out of your hands and guide you through our proven four step process, saving you time, sparing you stress, and helping you reach greater success.
watch the video




design andplanning
read more








project managementand hotel fixture andequipment sourcing
read more








in-house casegoodsmanufacturing
read more








logisticsand shipping
read more



















in-house casegoods manufacturing
means more control over quality and shipping
hospitality designs is one of the few hotel furniture providers who manufacture our own casegoods, giving us greater control over quality, value and delivery time. by building hotel casegoods on site, we can stay agile and fast-acting in an industry too often plagued by faulty products, shipping mistakes and plain old human error.
read more





when you partner with some of
the biggest names in the business,
you better know your stuff.





































			after 27 years in the hospitality business, we’ve helped design, plan, manufacture, and source hotel furniture for nearly every major brand, coast to coast, across every state and province. from luxury resorts, to roadside motels, our friendly and experienced team of interior designers and project managers have done it all, guiding thousands of owners and managers from design to delivery. we even manage the franchise approval process!		

			the projects featured below represent just a fraction of our work over the years. though the styles may vary, the goal is the same: to partner together, craft the perfect plan, avoid any unwanted surprises, and design a beautiful functional room that will please guests for years to come. the result? happy, repeat customers who love our full-service, process driven approach to hotel furnishing.		



featured projects & collections




“i wanted to express my great satisfaction with your product and service. the quality and design are as expected and your service was outstanding. .”
jim bouzianis
port hospitality group





ascend garrison hotel, dover, nh
view project






millennial collection
view product





“i can tell you that the quality of hospitality designs furniture is 10 times better than what we had previously purchased. i will not hesitate to refer hd to my colleagues”
scott fletcher of comfort inn


crafted by stacy garcia – creating an aesthetic that is simple and minimalist, millennial pairs down design elements to the essentials. focusing on practicality and functionality, each piece balances the beauty of utilitarianism, both visually appealing and efficiently constructed.









in a profit-driven marketplace, a little passion goes a long way
we’re the first to admit it: the hotel furniture industry has a poor reputation for meeting commitments and staying accountable. but the team at hospitality designs is different. we’re more interested in building a relationship than maximizing profit, and share a core set of values that serve as the foundation for our outstanding customer service.









the 
“no surprises”
pledge
read more



the
“make it right” 
guarantee
read more



the 
“flawless planning”
promise
read more










						our latest blog posts
					



 


							02 december 2020						


								what shines is not always gold.							


							renovating or building a hotel can be complicated and overwhelming with the amount of decisions to be made, many of which are irreversible and can cost you in the long-run. being in business for close to thirty years, we’ve pretty much seen it all, and as your trusted partner we’re sharing some tips on how to avoid common pitfalls and make your decision making process easier. 						












 
						02 november 2020					


							selling design services during a pandemic						


						one of our talented interior designers, japreet, highlights what it’s like to provide interior design services in light of a global pandemic, and the hidden value skilled and experienced designers bring to the client and guest experience.					









 
						01 october 2020					


							how things have changed…						


						“change is the only constant.” while change can be stressful and scary, it also encourages us to embrace new learnings and doing things differently. our ceo ruben cohen shares how in a world where so much has changed,  the hospitality designs team has embraced the opportunity to innovate, while maintaining our core values and mission of creating exceptional client experiences. we’re ready and look forward to supporting our clients through this year of change. 					









follow us







“working with hospitality design is a headache-free experience. they were able to work within our budget and provide the best quality furniture for our money. when we have questions and concerns, they are very responsive and are always on top of the situation. we will definitely be working with them on future projects!”
– nicole gross, managing director





ready to get started?let's chat.
get a quote





privacy policy


terms and conditions


careers


copyright © 2025 hospitality designs.

					




			this website was designed and produced by opacity design group (odg). we're a full service marketing agency in richmond, bc.
		












