



rental properties monthly - rental properties in the shenandoah valley of virginia and west virginia












 


home
      page
current 
      advertisers 
distribution
      area
advertising
      deadlines
advertising 
      sizes
community 
      links
contact
      us
shenandoah valley homes



the shenandoah valley's #1 source
  for  residential & commercial rental listings

our on-line  publication covers rental properties in the 
winchester/frederick, clarke, warren and shenandoah counties in northern virginia as well as the county of hampshire in west virginia. 

 residential feature listing 


  check out our easy-to-use
interactive digital magazine! 
click on the magazine below

 commercial feature listing 

 


if you would like to receive a printed copy of the rental properties monthly please email your name and address to us to request a copy or contact shenandoah valley advertising, llc at 540-723-9991. if you live locally and would like a copy of the magazine, they are available for pick up at local convenience and grocery stores, real estate offices, banks and also at our office.


neither the advertiser nor the rental properties monthly magazine will be responsible or liable for misinformation, misprints, typographical errors, etc. appearing in this publication. equal housing policy. all property advertising in this publication is subject to the federal fair housing act which makes it illegal to indicate any preference, limitation or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, family status or national origin, or any intention to make any such preference, limitation or discrimination. we will not knowingly accept any advertising for properties which is in violation of the law. all persons are hereby notified that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. if you believe that you may have been discriminated against in connection with the sale, rental or financing of housing, call the united states department of housing and urban development (hud) at 1-800-424-8590.
 
proud supporter of roadtorecovery.info








â© 1999-2024 shenandoah valley advertising, llc. all rights reserved.






