







pacific century fellows





































































































              home
            

              about
            

            cohort 18
          

              alumni
            

              apply
            

            gala 2025
          















































































homeaboutcohort 18alumniapplygala 2025


















scroll









    ho'opasifika gala 2025
  



pacific century fellows “hawaiʻi will face numerous challenges in the upcoming years. if our island home is to prosper economically, socially and culturally, we need to identify and support the emerging generation of leaders. by nurturing them, we will ensure the future of hawaiʻi.”— mufi hannemann founder, pacific century fellows & former honolulu mayor

 







 

for immediate release18th pacific century fellows class selected(honolulu, hawaii, august 20, 2023)       the pacific century fellows program is pleased to announce the selection of its 18th class of fellows, comprised of 37 outstanding and talented men and women.     the pacific century fellows, modeled after the prestigious white house fellows program, is the signature activity of the nonprofit organization, the fund for the pacific century.  founded in 1996 by former honolulu mayor mufi hannemann, the pacific century fellows program has gained in prominence as hawaii’s landmark leadership training program.  it encourages and enhances civic participation by bringing together a diverse group of individuals who, through the course of the program, build lasting networks and learn about the issues and challenges facing our community.     this year, 37 young leaders were competitively selected by a blue-ribbon panel of judges to represent the individual and professional diversity of hawaii, including government, small- and large-businesses, education and health, non-profit and corporate enterprises. members of the cohort showed strong intellectual and leadership abilities in the early and mid-stages of their careers and, most importantly, demonstrated the potential to make significant contributions to the islands in the future.     hannemann, a former white house fellow (1983-84), said, “with our 18th class of fellows, we continue to build on the cadre of just over 500 bright and energetic alumni who will make contributions to the betterment of hawaii and the pacific region in the years to come.  the judges are to be commended for selecting this group from a pool of outstanding applicants from our community.  during the program, fellows will be connected with senior policy-makers and community leaders, and engage in discussions that cultivate an open exchange of ideas and knowledge.  coupled with site visits, fellows will also interact with other emerging leaders in the pacific through our working relationship with the east-west center and the alliance with the marianas chapter of the pacific century fellows program.  the overarching goal is to nurture relationships among individuals who are committed to exploring creative and constructive solutions to far-reaching challenges, positively influencing the quality of life in hawaii.”those selected include:patrick pihana branco, director of external affairs and communications, hawaii green growthclarice casamina, vice president, house of finance, inc.eric chen, senior vice president, bank of hawaiijonathan l.w. ching, director of government relations, kaiser permanentetravis clegg, chief operating officer, straub medical centerbrandon dela cruz, director of marketing, l & l franchise, inc.lj duenas, executive director, alzheimer’s associationraquel guss, director of strategy and operational excellence, altresbrooke perry guth (maui), director of operations, maui jim sunglassesbarney po`okela hanson, fire captain, honolulu fire departmentmichelle hee, director of communications & public relations, iolani schoolkimi ide-foster, partner, chun kerr llpjordan inafuku, partner, mccorriston miller mukai mackinnon llpjeeter ishida, senior vice president, trinity investmentsbrandon kamigaki, manager, servco pacific inc.ryan kamo, principal architect, design partners incorporatedleinaala kanana, chief community health services officer, waianae coast comprehensive health centerjonathan kaneshiro, vice president, oahu waste services, inc.robert roy kelley, vice president, avalon development company llctrish la chica, representative, hawaii house of representativesjen lau, executive vice president, finance enterpriseserica mau-schank, founder and chief executive officer, vibe creative marketingtessa munekiyo ng, vice president, munekiyo hiragadaphne okunaga, international business & design lead teacher, pearl city high schoolmeagan kahalewai ostrem, environmental planning and community outreach, u.s. navytodd pang, president, caring manoa & kupuna care pairamanda pump, chief program officer, child & family serviceedwin g. quan, vice president, bank of hawaiimālia sanders, executive director, native hawaiian hospitality associationjeremy shorenstein, planning and development manager, kamehameha schoolskristopher speegle (hawaii), owner, nakoa kai insurance professionalskapiolani m. street, project engineer, castle & cooke homes hawaii, inc.reyn tanaka, vice president, wkf, inc.ron tran, ceo, wcit architecture, inc.james august twigg-smith, agriculture division manager, pacific biodiesel technologies  llcdean uyeda, senior vice president, first hawaiian bankalexandra wroe, vice president, queen’s health systems          the program will begin with a two-day retreat, featuring a series of seminars and discussions, and participants will have an opportunity to help plan their agenda and schedule for the upcoming year.     during the year, fellows will take part in at least one day-long session each month to investigate critical issues facing hawaii in such areas as crime, education, environment, the military, and the economy.  additionally, fellows will be afforded personalized, professional executive coaching to round out their fellowship experience!###

 




 

the pacific century fellows program strives to develop leaders with a greater awareness and sensitivity to the people and institutions of hawaiʻi. since 1997, pacific century fellows has united hawaiʻi’s most promising individuals from various walks of life and professions, with each fellow bringing unique perspectives, ideas and experiences to the group. during the nine-month program, fellows gain a deeper insight into civic duty through direct engagement with senior community, social and government leaders. the program provides fellows the chance to create lasting relationships, encourages creative thinking when searching for solutions to state problems and instills an aspiration to give back to hawaiʻi.  

 


    learn more
  








header (about)



meet the newest pcf cohort



purpose










| home | about | alumni | apply |











































