




 


canadian bookbinders and book artists guild - home











log in

















 





home




about



brief history of cbbag / histoire du cbbag en bref




annual report




cbbag40







join



membership application




volunteer







learn



scholarships/funding




what is bookbinding?




restoration & repair faqs




workshops & registration




home study



guided stream




independent stream







core curriculum certificate




resources



education




english to french terms




suppliers




links










exhibitions



kindred spirits



make a donation







art of the book



art of the book 2018




art of the book 2013




the art of the book '08




the art of the book '03




the art of the book '98




the art of the book '93




the art of the book (1988)







other exhibitions



home collaborative exhibition




off the wall: re-defining the map




personal visions: the passion of paper




a book arts mosaic




robert wu: miniature binding & marbling




bc and alberta members




eastern members regional




millennium in a box




contemporary canadian bookworks







exhibition catalogues







publications



magazine







connect



bc islands chapter




bc lower mainland chapter




alberta north chapter




calgary chapter



calgary chapter library holdings







saskatchewan chapter




southwestern ontario chapter



tool lending library







ottawa valley chapter







donate





 










welcome bookbinders and book artists since 1983 the canadian bookbinders and book artists guild has worked to support the development of the book arts in canada. this web site is dedicated to that effort. the book arts include bookbinding, artists' books, papermaking, calligraphy, letterpress printing and typography, wood engraving, paper decorating, restoration, and conservation.


 
online workshop with don taylor:
coptic bookbinding from the 4th-7th century - march 30, april 6, and april 13, 2025, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. est
scrolls
were all very well but what the western world really needed was the codex. what
we think of as the book form was first developed by coptic christians living in
egypt and the earliest evidence that we have is from the 4th c ce. 
in
this course you will use papyrus, leather, handmade paper, silver, gold, and
bone to sew, design and create a series of coptic bindings of increasing
complexity in the spirit and style of the earliest book forms, each one as
unique as its creator. beautiful, sensual and imbued with a sense of history,
these books will give you a base for further creative workclick here for full details and to register.
 
online workshop with anna yevtukh: memories book container - my 31, 2025, 10.30 a.m. - 12.40 p.m. est'the anticipation of all the discoveries to unfold'. literally… during this workshop you will learn how to create a beautiful piece of book arts that can serve as a container for your memories, poems, memorabilia, photographs.by folding, stitching and putting together simple constructive elements like paper, card and thread in a short space of time you will end up holding in your hands... very special 'memories'.registrants can work along with anna, watch the live session, or just watch the videos later.click here for full details and to register.
  
in-person workshop with rose newlove
restoration & repair pt. 1 june 6, 7 & 8 and june 13, 14, & 15, 2025, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m.part 1 of the repair and restoration workshop will focus on 19th and 20th century cloth case bindings: how to identify them, what problems they develop, and how to repair and restore them. participants must bring their own materials to work on - in particular a cloth-bound book.
participants will be contacted prior to the workshop to ensure that the materials they are planning to bring to work on will be appropriate. 
pre-requisit: bookbinding 2 or permission of the instructor. repair and restoration parts 1 & 2 are core courses required for the cbbag certificate.
click here for full details and to register.


 
online bookbinding 1: home study - guided stream
bookbinding 1 is the first workshop in cbbag’s core curriculum and introduces the variety of tools, materials, sewings, and constructions fundamental to hand bookbinding.
using the thinkific online teaching platform, the workshop is a series of lecture-style videos, direct demonstration videos, and how-to pdfs housed into modules. the workshop will start with the making of a simple pamphlet and proceed to the binding of two hard cover books.
2025 - 2026 courses:
cohort 10:
online workshop access starts: monday, may 12, 2025
duration: 8 months – may 2025 to jan 2026
registration closes monday, february 24, 2025, 11:59 pmclick here for full details.
 
cohort 11
online workshop access starts: monday, september 8, 2025
duration: 8 months –sept 2025 to may 2026
registration closes monday, june 23, 2025, 11:59 pmclick here for full details.


 













kindred spirits: the lucy maud montgomery legacy as interpreted by contemporary book artists
for the list of exhibition venues across canada, visit the exhibition's website:  kindred-spirits-bookarts.com
the canadian bookbinders and book artists guild gratefully acknowledges the support of the government of canada.
facebook, instagram, and youtube (for exclusive lecture recording, beyond anne of green gables, presented by kathy wasylenky from lucy maud montgomery society of ontario).
 


coming soon:kindred spirits mugs!watch this space:
beautiful kindred spirits mugs will soon be available for sale. details to be posted very soon.for any inquiries, email cbbag@cbbag.ca 


  









bookbinding
what is it?
work & hobby
bookbinding consists of many different types of work, particularly in north america where it can be difficult to specialize and make a living.
read more

magazine
extensive library

publication
book arts arts du livre canada is published twice a year. it features book arts events, book artists, book and exhibition reviews, technical articles, and historical essays.
read more

education
resources
artists & bookbinderscbbag has a few curated lists of resources that we think will be of use to bookbinders and book artists. 
read more
 












home


connect


learn








sign up  for email updates contact uscbbag@cbbag.cahttps://www.cbbag.ca/connect82809-467 parliament street, toronto on m5a 3y2 canadacbbag charitable business no. 89179 5445 rr0001






facebook


youtube


instagram












all imagery on this website is copyright and protected by international law. content cannot be copied, published, distributed, downloaded, or otherwise stored in a retrieval system, transmitted, or converted, in any form or by any means, electronic, or otherwise without prior written permission from the copyright owner. please contact cbbag's web administrator for more information on contacting the copyright owner.
canadian bookbinders and book artists guild (cbbag)
charitable business number 89179 5445 rr0001

 










powered by wild apricot membership software












