






myart studio – a creative initiative of murray's art and framing in toowoomba, queensland











































 


















skip to content





				call us on (07) 4632 2727 | email us at info@murraysartandframing.com.au			





















myart studio
a creative initiative of murray's art and framing in toowoomba, queensland









myart studio

























myart studio offers a range of art classes, lessons and workshops in toowoomba, queensland. whether you’re a beginner looking to learn the very basics of turning your vision into a reality, or a more experienced artist looking for a specialized art course locally, come and see us at murray’s and talk to our expert art teachers about expanding your skill set whilst having fun! we offer classes in a variety of media including, but not limited to watercolour, oils, acrylic, mixed media, pastel, drawing, calligraphy and printmaking. with supportive and knowledgeable tutors, there may be a class, medium or style of painting/drawing to suit you.in line with government guidelines we can accommodate 10 students. we have individual desks with appropriate spacing and clean the classroom between classes. we provide amenities with adequate hand washing facilities and trust that participants will be mindful of distancing rules. we are excited to be offering classes, whether you are new to art or a continuing student, welcome!






daytime workshops these courses are between 4 and 8 weeks, usually of 3 hour sessions, with experienced local tutors, in a variety of media, such as watercolour, drawing and mixed media. they are suitable for beginners and those with more experience.held in the myart studio with access from our duggan st entrances, there is good reason to join others in pursuing a new creative activity. the friendly and supportive environment means that you can learn and practice your skills, while being in contact with like-minded people.visit us on eventbrite to see what courses are coming up. you can book online or call in to murray’s art and framing to book over the counter.evening workshops come and enjoy the supportive and creative atmosphere of our evening classes with experienced local tutors in a variety of mediums. what a great way to relax after work or fit in learning a new skill outside work hours.our evening art workshops are held in the myart studio and all levels of experience are welcome. evening classes generally run from 6pm until 9pm.visit us on eventbrite to see what courses are coming up. you can book online or call in to murray’s art and framing to book over the counter.one & two day workshops get creative in murray’s one and/or two day workshops with practicing artists from local & surrounding regions, using a variety of mediums. these classes are designed for the artist who wants to extend their abilities or learn a brand new skill from an experienced tutor.these intensive workshops generally run on the weekend from 9am to 4pm each day.visit us on eventbrite to see what courses are coming up. you can book online or call in to murray’s art and framing to book over the counter.playing at art workshops have you or a friend thought it might be nice to try some art but not known how to begin? maybe you have wondered about exploring another medium, possibly pastels, watercolour, inks or calligraphy.these classes will give you a basic understanding and enough techniques to get you started on your journey and will give you an opportunity to try different mediums without the initial outlay on materials. playing at art workshops generally run from 10am to 1pm on a saturday and we provide everything including morning tea!visit us on eventbrite to see what courses are coming up. you can book online or call in to murray’s art and framing to book over the counter.children’s art classes murray’s no longer runs art classes for children but there are other places that do!other art classes for toowoomba kids tinkerwe are happy to recommend alex stalling a local artist and mum (“tinker” on facebook) who runs her own space in dexter street and has a new space in russell st. contact her directly to find out more. www.tinkerart.com.auyour inner artistfor ceramics fun and art for your kids in the highfields area we recommend amber manteufel (“your inner artist” on facebook).  contact her directly to find out more. www.yourinnerartist.com.auclever little art studiofor all things fun to do with art, after school, holidays and parties carolyn is the one for you (“clever little art studio” on facebook). she is a mum and runs sessions at her home studio. contact her directly at carolyn@cleverlittleartstudio.com the best thing you can do to encourage creativity in your children is be creative with them. what the heck … you might even enjoy it too!









upcoming workshops  click on the link to read our terms and conditionsworkshops and classes are held onsite at myart studio at the back of murray’s art & framing, toowoomba.access is via duggan st. or through murray’s art & framing during store hours. the duggan street entrance to the myart studio will be opened 15 minutes prior to commencement of the class.bookings can be made in store, by phone 07 4632 2727 or online through eventbrite.students are responsible for supplying their own artists materials unless otherwise stated. a materials list is available for each class.tea and coffee will be provided and students have access to the kitchenette and toilet facilities.classes with outdoor activities are attended at your own risk.






about us:find out where we are, opening times, contact details etc.
 
sign up for our mailing list





 visit us at www.murraysartandframing.com.au to find out about art supplies, custom framing, our gallery of local artists and much more! look up all our courses and book online with eventbrite 









proudly powered by wordpress | theme: quest by pace themes.			








 



















