














mba jobs, mba recruitment, business schools





 























hello, again






email



password


log in



forget password?








don't have an account yet?sign up


































log in







for mbas


for schools


for employers


rankings & reports

development programs ranking
explore our annual h1b report
view top 100 h1b sponsors
view top 100 employers



about us

online events
culture compass
contact us
our videos
faq
privacy policy





log in
















for mbas

the insights you needfor the career you want

market-map your career opportunities
expand your career exploration
gain visibility among and engage with leading employers
apply to matching internships, jobs and development programs
maximise your chance for visa sponsorship





for schools

the tools you needfor the student careers you want

help your students (and alumni) gain the insights they need for the careers they want
expand career exploration
multiply access to jobs, leadership programs and employers
provide more options for your international students
manage your school's activity





for employers

the partner you needfor the talent you want

identify and attract top talent
strengthen your employer brand
engage and recruit in real-time
leverage your talent pool
post jobs and search our candidate database















employers directory
comprehensive employer profiles, including recent recruiting data and our top 100 employer ranking.











development programs
all mba-level development programs and our annual ranking of mba development programs.











job board
filtered mba-level job listings, both full-time and internships, domestic and international.










country guides
country profiles with mba-level recruiting data, work permits and salary info.









events
engage with employers and career experts during our live online events.









industry reports
industry-specific insights and recent recruiting data.









job area reports
job area insights and recent recruiting data.










h1b database
filtered for business professionals, including top 100 sponsors and annual report.






register as a student

learn more here


register as a school

learn more here 


register as an employer

learn more here








about mba-exchange.com



                            we provide mbas and other mid-career business professionals with the insights they need for the careers they want, pulling from 25 years of experience and tailored services.
                        

                            we also pride ourselves of our long-standing relationships with top schools around the world, offering their career services the tools they need for the student careers they want.
                        

                            last but not least, we support both large and small employers by being the partner they need for the talent they want.
                        

learn more









trusted by +100 schools & universities




























































 





corporate clients include










 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 




















useful links

about us
contact us
privacy policy
for employers
for schools
school clients
faq





latest jobs

appleapple services internship - business development strategy & planningjohnson & johnson2025 china supply chain mba internship opportunity- international recruitment and development program (irdp)starbucksstarbucks mba intern, channel development - summer 2025 - seattle, waairbnbbusiness growth intern, experiences (mba) 




contact us

schools:schools@mba-exchange.com
employers: employers@mba-exchange.com
students & alumni: helpline@mba-exchange.com





video help


follow us on social media:

linkedin
youtube











copyright - mba-exchange.com, 2025


















