






making government user-friendly - government information







































selected links to official information: 



 





frequent questions





tax forms & help





tax refund status





savings bonds





homeland security





social security





disability





veterans





passports





federal jobs





business tax id 





selective service





us visas





citizenship (uscis) 





efile uscis forms





diversity (dv) lottery





visa appointments





visa case status





fraud warnings




irs refund fraud
do not respond to unsolicited email requesting personal financial information to facilitate the receipt of an irs refund.
				 


grant fraud
report unsolicited phone calls requesting personal financial information to facilitate the receipt of a government grant.
				 


 















select from the tabs above to access every publicly accessible official 
				  government information channel. over 1.2 billion pages currently available. 








the white house 

official news and policy statements 







department of defense 

department of defense press releases 







federal bureau of 
investigation 

press releases 




ten most wanted 







u.s. department 
of state 

diplomatic security rewards for justice the rewards for justice program 
                        was established by the 1984 act to combat international terrorism, public law 98-533. under the rewards program, 
                        cooperating individuals and their immediate family members may be eligible for relocation to the united states or 
                        elsewhere, and they are assured complete confidentiality. rewards, totaling millions of dollars, have been paid 
                        in dozens of cases. innocent lives have been saved and terrorists put behind bars.









travel warnings are issued when the state department decides, 
                        based on all relevant information, to recommend that americans avoid travel to a certain country. countries where avoidance 
                        of travel is recommended will have travel warnings as well as consular information sheets.









consular information sheets are available for every country 
                        of the world. they include such information as location of the u.s. embassy or consulate in the subject country, 
                        unusual immigration practices, health conditions, minor political disturbances, unusual currency and entry regulations, 
                        crime and security information, and drug penalties. if an unstable condition exists in a country that is not 
                        severe enough to warrant a travel warning, a description of the condition(s) may be included under an optional 
                        section entitled "safety/security." on limited occasions, we also restate in this section any u.s. embassy advice 
                        given to official employees. consular information sheets generally do not include advice, but present information 
                        in a factual manner so the traveler can make his or her own decisions concerning travel to a particular country.







federal aviation
administration

air traffic control command center:  retrieve current airport on-time status for inbound and departing flights.







transportation security
administration

airport security checkpoint delays:  retrieve current security check-in delays at specific airport boarding gates.









air travel prohibited items:  restrictions, 
					  exceptions and special considerations regarding items you pack or bring aboard during air travel.







national transportation
safety board

aircraft incident reporting and investigation. 




 




 




 




 






 











2024 tax programs 





prepare & e-file taxes 
                      
                      online with gov





now compatible with
                      your mobile devices!



















• simple and accurate
• more deductions
					      & tax credits
• the fastest refund
• secure online access
• federal & state return
• software support
• accountant preferred
• save tax records online
• print copies anytime
• do next year in 1 click






 simply and accurately prepare and e-file your taxes online with gov for a speedy refund. fully updated with the most current tax laws and provisions for federal and state tax schedules.






click here now  ---> 

 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 




commercial links
























 
  
top
official information only from official sources
      ©2025 gov.com, inc.  policy statement  
	  about us
 
 

gov home
email webmaster 

  



