










grandview asset management - 60+ years serving central, pa

































































skip to content







special needs planning
inspire to retire podcast








follow us on social media





call us: 717-541-1000 



































717-541-1000








  



free consultationschedule a meeting!












 


















home
workshops
our team
our services
our podcast
in the media
contact




 





 









grandview asset management
investment advice you can afford to retire on!







 contact us


about us

























sign-up to receive our newsletter and event updates.







sign up!





























  



accessible investment advisor
we respect the time of our clients. we work around your schedule, even if that means after work or weekend meetings. you can always count on bruce smith to be available for you.










  



fiduciary investment advisor
as a fiduciary, we are obligated to put you first. this easily sets us apart from other types of firms in the industry that may be held to a lesser standard than you would expect.










  



fee-based investment advisor
we do not sell financial products or accept commissions. this minimizes conflicts of interest with our clients. we get paid directly by you to provide you advice with your best interests at heart.
































grandview asset management welcomes adam d. koser
adam recently joined grandview as chief investment officer, where he will help oversee the investment process. prior to grandview, adam was a vice president and portfolio manager for the federated hermes equity income fund and federated hermes clover all cap value sma strategy. he was also the lead analyst for the industrials sector with prior coverage including consumer discretionary and materials. 
adam holds the chartered financial analyst (cfa) designation, an mba from the penn state smeal college of business, and an undergraduate degree from bloomsburg university. 
adam resides in hummelstown with his wife denise and daughters ally and avery. he attends st. joan of arc catholic church in hershey and is a member of the hershey country club and enjoys golf and pickleball during his time off.



































in the community
watch bruce smith on good day pa!
bruce smith, president and ceo of grandview asset management, joined us again today to discuss how the recent election could impact your investments. he discussed different stock sectors and how they may fare during donald trump’s second term as president.

this episode aired on november 13th, 2024.


watch video




















our experience
building long-term relationships
as a financial management company, we’re committed to building long term relationships with each of our clients in harrisburg, york, lancaster, carlisle, and hershey. you can greatly benefit from the counsel of our fee-based financial management team for many years to come, regardless if you’re investing for yourself or your company. we have an incredible amount of tools, resources and expertise to be the perfect fit for you. we look forward to having the opportunity to work with you.

















































our experience
our commitment to you
we’re committed to helping you work towards achieving all of your financial goals for retirement. our experience can help you address your needs of today and for many years to come. we look forward to working with you through all stages of your life. our independence lends us the freedom to offer a wide array of services tailored to your unique needs. from building your first portfolio to preparing for retirement, we’re here to serve you for the long-term with our commitment to excellence in everything we do.




















there are currently no workshops scheduled.click here to subscribe to be notified of our next workshops.




workshop registration
please provide us a few details about your reservation to one of our workshops. we’ll gladly confirm your reservation soon.

 



















select a workshop. *no workshops scheduled


what is 2+1? 


























schedule your free consultation today!







get started






















harrisburg, pa location
4200 crums mill roadsecond floorharrisburg, pa 17112717-541-1000





mechanicsburg, pa office
1215 manor drivesuite 204mechanicsburg, pa 17055717-541-1000





disclaimer
the content is developed from sources believed to be providing accurate information. the information in this material is not intended as tax or legal advice. the opinions expressed and material provided are for general information and show not be considered a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security.




















© 2025 grandview asset management - grandviewassetmanagement.com





privacy notice


adv 2a


bsmith 2b


tparker 2b


gkephart 2b


akoser 2b


crs documents











        copyright 2025 © flatsome theme 








home
workshops
our team
our services
our podcast
in the media
contact









 
home



 
workshops



 
consultation



 
call us























