


chippewa falls area chamber






































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of 
website accessibility


































may we suggest

how do i become a member?
why become a member?
 












live cam





member login





member directory
join today!















chamberabout usmember benefitssignature eventsjoin the chambermeet uschamber buck$contact uschamber communicationmember memoannual reportmember directorychamber connectioneventssubmit an eventliving & workingliving in chippewa fallscareersrelocationbuild your businessworkforce developmentarea health care servicesvisitors


















chippewa falls area chamber of commerce networking & education opportunities                    

                        connecting community businesses                    
learn more







chippewa falls area chamber of commerceconnecting business and community                    

                        over 17,000 emloyees represented                    
learn more







chippewa falls area chamber of commerce doing the things most people think just happen                    


learn more







chippewa falls area chamberour mission representing our members by supporting and encouraging a vibrant and prosperous business community.   







adventure awaits
discover chippewa falls





learn more
join the chamber!





chamber bucks
support local businesses





connect & collaborate
networking opportunities














area events
the chippewa falls area chamber hosts a variety of educational and networking events throughout the year to encourage business development. the chippewa falls area is busy with activity year-round. to engage the community with our business members, we also highlight member events.
see all events 










feb 21
12:00pm

ribbon cutting - crust & crumb baking co.
join us to celebrate new business, crust & crumb baking co. as they kick off their grand opening weekend with a ribbon cutting on friday, february 21st at 12pm!
event details









feb 24
4:30pm

business after hours
we're looking forward to seeing our members for business after hours on monday, february 24th from 4:30-6:00 pm, hosted by chippewa youth hockey association, and co-sponsored by chippewa steel hockey and bubbles bbq/casey's creamery.
event details









mar 5
8:00am

31st annual chippewa valley rally
tickets are still available for chippewa valley rally, organized by the chippewa valley chamber alliance, that takes chamber members to madison to to meet with state legislators, sharing issues that impact our local economy.
register today!













community snapshotmoving the chippewa falls area forward


the chippewa falls area chamber is a resource to the local community. working hand-in-hand with businesses to provide a collective voice, networking opportunities, community advocacy, marketing channels, and education to our members. view annual report





720

currentmembership total





of membershave 25 employees or less



18,000

# ofemployees represented















“
miron construction shares their latest success in choosing the perfect business location to bridge many nearby communities as it relates to workforce travel and relocation. chippewa falls is perfectly situated for attracting workforce from all directions. 
andrew daniels
miron construction

watch testimonial






















digital communication sponsors  





















			                                    (715) 723-0331
			                                



			                                1 n bridge st., chippewa falls, wi 54729
			                            



			                                    contact us
			                                











chambermeet uscontact uschamber buck$membershipmember benefitsmember directorychamber connectionevents




member login
join today




© copyright 2025		                     chippewa falls area chamber. all rights reserved. wisconsin made website by jb systems llc.









