


restoration environmental contractors (environmental cleanups, pcb removal, soil remediation, mould and fungus remediation, lead abatement, asbestos removal, infectious disease control, sars, etc.)












 
















































consulting
engineers of
ontario



markham
waxers

environmental
abatement council
of ontario

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














recent leed, emergency response, demolition and environmental remediation projects
      


since established in 1989, restoration environmental contractors - rec demolition - rec emergency response have successfully completed over 9,000 environmental remediation and demolition projects throughout canada, specializing in environmental remediation, demolition using cat/caterpillar demolition excavators, asbestos removal, lead abatement, mold remediation, industrial plant cleaning, plant decommissioning closures, site remediation and disaster recovery in the industrial, commercial, government, and institutional sectors. 







restoration environmental contractors - rec demolition - rec disaster recovery is proud to announce it's 20th anniversary
      


restoration environmental contractors - rec demolition - rec disaster recovery is proud to announce it's 20th anniversary. since 1989, restoration consultants and restoration environmental contractors has successfully completed over 9,000 environmental remediation and demolition projects throughout canada, specializing in environmental remediation, asbestos removal, lead abatement, mold remediation, industrial plant cleaning, decommissioning closures, site remediation and disaster recovery in the industrial, commercial, government, and institutional sectors.







the passion campaign is creating awareness by supporting charity in toronto
      


the passion campaign is creating awareness by supporting 13 charitable organizations that are on the frontline for feeding the hungry, cold, poor and homeless, every day, living on toronto streets, sponsored by restoration environmental - rec demolition and abcott construction.







plant closure, demolition and remediation experts launch redevelopment campaign
      


restoration environmental contractors (rec), experts in environmental remediation, demolition, live casino, disaster recovery, plant closures and industrial site remediation, has launched a plan to help businesses strengthen their competitive positions after the decision has been made to close plants, and further, promote a positive corporate image through retraining and employing the local workforce.







redevelopment strategy and anti-recession campaign launch (press release)
      

to announce the launch of our redevelopment  strategy and anti-recession campaign designed to work with businesses who have already decided to shut down their plants, restoration environmental contractors  -  rec demolition  - rec disaster recovery are the  experts in environmental remediation, demolition , asbestos removal and plant closures. we have the strategy, cleanup your sites today!
      




press release
      

canada's most experienced plant closure experts! the right choice in industrial plant closure decomissioning and demolition call restoration environmental - rec demolition.
      




rec takes down smokestack at former phillips cable facility in brockville
      


the smokestack at the 500,000-square-foot plant on king street west was levelled without incident, touching down at 11:25 a.m.

the event was part of continuing demolition work by restoration environmental contractors (rec), on behalf of junic construction of gatineau, quebec. 

      





invited guests inside the demolition area at the old phillips cable plant watch as the old facility's smokestack leans toward the earth during its demolition on tuesday. see tuesday's recorder and times for more on the smokestack demolition and plans for the future of the old plant site.
      




tuesday june 24 - demolition and re-development ceremony at the phillips cable plant in brockville ontario
      

        
      the demolition and re-development ceremony of the 500,000 square foot facility at the phillips cable plant in brockville ontario will begin at 11am, on tuesday june 24, 2008 with the demolition of the chimneystack by rec demolition - restoration environmental contractors




december
      6, 2006
      - press release
are you ready for a disaster -
      plan ahead in case of fire flood water damage and natural disasters  emergency
      response with the rec group of companies. rec disaster recovery; rec fire
      water flood damage restoration; restoration environmental contractors and
      rec demolition a rec disaster emergency response service contract is your
      peace of mind for all industrial commercial governmental institutional and
      insurance companies.




rec and abcott construction leed approved
      contractors 

rec
      awarded regent park toronto revitalization leed project
      four hundred households—more than 1,100 people—have been
      relocated from canada's most famous and most-lamented low-income housing
      project, regent park. this is the   beginning of phase one of the toronto
      community housing corporation's regent park revitalization project and and
      the start of what could be the most sustainable housing development in
      north america, if not the world. 

 
as the oldest social housing complex in
      canada, regent park will soon be history, as rec demolition crews
      started the process of dismantling the community.


read entire story

read
      press release

read article from equipment journal, july 10, 2006













1-800-894-4924 







in other news:







toronto
                maple leaf tv commentator joe bowen on restoration environmental
                contractors
real audio
windows media


indoor
                environments division partner alert
during the last 4 years several infants have
                experienced pulmonary hemorrhage or bleeding from the lungs - some of them died.




removing lead based paint.




infection control in hospitals




questions & answers about asbestos exposure.





 









 


 


copyright © 1999 - 2007,
restoration environmental contractors.
all rights reserved.






 



