













butler's golf course | elizabeth, pa | 36 holes public - home

















































home     contact     (412) 751-9121


tee times     calendar     online store             



home     tee times     online store 







 



golfcourses
book a tee timewoodside golf courselakeside golf courseratesbirdie passgolf leaguesphoto gallerythe loftindoor golf+
indoor golf+private partiesbed &breakfast
stay & playgolfinstruction
lessonsjunior golfclub fittingsevents& dining
the rock run innhost an outinghost an eventcourse calendarcontactdirections
about our clubmeet the staff online store request donationemploymentcontact & directions 















 
slide1butler's golf coursecelebrating 95 years in 2023!experience 36 holes of championship golf in elizabeth, pa.book a tee timecourse calendar 














 




                                            welcome to butler's golf course                    
                    
                
butler's golf course, featuring 36 holes of exceptional public golf is set in the picturesque landscape of elizabeth, pa. renowned as one of the best golf courses near pittsburgh, our facility promises an unforgettable experience for all visitors. nestled along the serene youghiogheny river, our "woodside" course offers a blend of gently rolling terrain and timeless design, while the "lakeside" course captivates with stunning vistas, strategic elevation changes, and unique fairways. whether you're a seasoned golfer or a beginner, our courses cater to all skill levels.
rock run inn: more than just golf
looking for the perfect dining option in elizabeth, pennsylvania? the rock run inn at butler's golf course is your go-to destination. open to golfers and non-golfers alike, our restaurant boasts a diverse menu that caters to all tastes, featuring weekly specials. from family-friendly dining to a scenic meal overlooking the golf course, discover why locals and visitors alike choose us for both take-out and dine-in options. join us and see why our restaurant is a stop in the pittsburgh area.
woodside course    lakeside course




















golf outings
we welcome outings of all sizes. from charity tournaments to corporate events, we'll provide a memorable experience.

learn more













indoor golf
enjoy hd indoor golf at the loft! challenge your skills all year long on our 3 cutting-edge simulators.

learn more













banquets
our facilities and the rock run inn offer an excellent choice for weddings, banquets, and parties for up to 150 guests.

learn more

























 




                                            stay & play at the john butler house                    
                    
                
john butler's country home in elizabeth offers a unique stay with breathtaking golf course views, not just for golfers. enjoy exceptional dining at the nearby rock run inn. this affordable, luxury accommodation beside the 18th green accommodates up to eight guests in four bedrooms, each with a private bath. perfect for families or groups, it features twin and queen beds, located minutes from the mon/yough trail.
explore your next getaway
 




 













ready to book a tee time?

click here







 upcoming eventsfeb 24, 202503:00pm - 07:00pm
callaway fitting day 
mar 22, 202512:00pm - 
2025 irish open
apr 19, 202507:30am - 
the matt riley memorial golf outing

view full calendar
 news to know






public outing dates available

dates are filling up fast, so please contact us today if you'd like to schedule a group of 20 or more on select days. with 36 holes of golf we can easily accommodate up to 250 players!
click here















© butler's golf course • 800 rock run road • elizabeth, pa 15037(412) 751-9121 • privacy policy • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company    
























golfcourses
book a tee timewoodside golf courselakeside golf courseratesbirdie passgolf leaguesphoto gallerythe loftindoor golf+
indoor golf+private partiesbed &breakfast
stay & playgolfinstruction
lessonsjunior golfclub fittingsevents& dining
the rock run innhost an outinghost an eventcourse calendarcontactdirections
about our clubmeet the staff online store request donationemploymentcontact & directions


butler's golf course800 rock run roadelizabeth, pa 15037











 
 








