




ask









ask
                - advocates for special kids
                "parents helping parents to understand special
                education"
home
                | faq's
| documents
                | links
                | contact
                us
























                          ask e - group
members communicate with one
                          another about services related to disabilities.
join
                          here


ask
                          meetings
ask presently does not
                          meet on a regular basis. the ask e-group (above) is
                          still available for parents to subscribe
                          and communicate with one another and we are currently
                          revising and updating the ask website, with materials from past
                          meetings added periodically. if you have questions or
                          cannot find info you need on the website, please contact mail@advocatesforspecialkids.org.
 




school
                          board documents and agendas 



 


south bay school district info
(including access to school board meeting agendas and
                          policies)
 
parents are encouraged to attend school board meetings to stay informed of the policies and practices
                          of our local school districts.
 


access to meetings of local public agencies, including school districts is governed by the brown act
                           (government
                          code §§ 54950-54962)
the
                          preamble to the brown act (government code § 54950)
                          states:

in
                          enacting this chapter, the legislature finds and
                          declares that the public commissions, boards and
                          councils and the other public agencies in this state
                          exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business.
                          it is the intent of the law that their actions be
                          taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted
                          openly.
the
                          people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to
                          the agencies which serve them. the people, in
                          delegating authority, do not give their public
                          servants the right to decide what is good for the
                          people to know and what is not good for them to know.
                          the people insist on remaining informed so that they
                          may retain control over the instruments they have
                          created


                           

 


 
welcome
                          to the advocates for special kids website!
this
                          website is devoted to special education issues and
                          advocacy for children with special needs. it is the
                          result of the dedicated efforts of parent volunteers.
                          there is much that we as parents, teachers and friends
                          can do to help make the world a better place for
                          children with special needs. all that we learn and do
                          on behalf of children with special needs not only
                          benefits each individual child, it benefits that
                          child's classmates, their school and their community.
ask
                          is a non-profit organization dedicated to helping
                          parents with issues related to special education. to
                          learn more about advocates for special kids and our
                          efforts to educate ourselves and our community about
                          special education and special needs children, visit
                          the about
                          ask page. you will learn about ask’s history,
                          our mission and policy statements and where we’re
                          headed in our advocacy efforts.
ask
                          believes parents need, and are entitled to, accurate
                          and complete information which will allow them to make
                          informed decisions about their child’s education.
                          ask’s goal is to ensure that parents are fully
                          informed and empowered to advocate on behalf of their
                          children; that educators are fully informed,
                          well-trained and empowered to take appropriate steps
                          to address the needs of all children in their
                          classrooms; and that school districts are aware that
                          parents and the community insist on equal partnership
                          in ensuring that our schools are the best they can be
                          - for all our children.

                          the website is divided into three main areas:
frequently
                          asked question [faq's] – this area includes
                          questions ask routinely gets from parents who are just
                          starting out in the area of special education, and
                          more!
documents
                          – this area includes the many documents ask has
                          created as part of our advocacy efforts. these
                          documents are presentations to our local school
                          district; analyses of testing and achievement in our
                          district; informational guidelines and tutorials;
                          flyers and our newsletter.
links
– this
                          is a starting list of subjects our site visitors are
                          invited to explore to find out more about special
                          education, disabilities and various resources and
                          interventions.
congress
                          reauthorized the “individuals with disabilities
                          education act” [idea] in 1997, and again in 2004 and
                          in so doing,
                          legislated and emphasized greater parental involvement in the
                          education of children with disabilities, finding:
“disability
                          is a natural part of the human experience and in no
                          way diminishes the right of individuals to participate
                          in or contribute to society. improving educational
                          results for children with disabilities is an essential
                          element of our national policy of ensuring equality of
                          opportunity, full participation, independent living,
                          and economic self-sufficiency for individuals with
                          disabilities.”
20 usc §1400(c)(1)
advocates
                          for special kids thinks congress was 100% right! we
                          believe that ensuring that our children have equal
                          access to education will not only benefit those
                          children, but will benefit the entire community. 
                           
                           
the information on
                          ask's website is intended to be educational
                          and is not to be construed as advice, legal or
                          otherwise.














 







copyright © 2001 
                          ask 
                          all rights reserved.
                          revised: january 25, 2002



                          home
                          | faq's
| documents
                          | links
                          | contact
                          us

                          this site is best viewed with microsoft
                          internet explorer



 to report
                          problems with this site please e-mail  webmaster








