






smith killian | cypress concrete works, louisville concrete works, temple seamless gutters, richardson painting & drywall, richardson concrete works






























home
about us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 











blog
our blog










myths about concretes that need to be busted
by secure_admin | oct 7, 2020 | concrete services
concretes are highly regarded as one of the most utilized materials in different construction and infrastructures both in rural and urban areas. it is also the very material that is mostly produced all over the world.  
we might think we know everything there is to know about concretes. most people would say that concretes are strong, hard, and high-performance. however, it depends on several factors. the richardson concrete works and other companies that specialize in the industry have shared their knowledge with us and we have come up with a list of misconceptions about concrete that we need to reveal to people.  

the following are the myths about concrete you need to know: 
1.high-strength concrete improves the durability – a durable concrete is what is now needed by most construction projects since it is related to the ability of the concrete material to resist the ingress of carbon dioxide or chloride in the environment. however, stronger concrete does not mean more durable concrete. according to the experts, if one wants to have a durable concrete, it is essential to choose the right type of cement for the kind of environment it would be exposed to and this depends on several factors such as temperature and humidity. the entire choosing process also depends on the mixing, batching, and placing of concrete.  
2. a high-performance concrete is equal to high-strength concrete – most engineers think that high strength concrete, which is concrete that has more cement and less water, results in high-performance concrete. a high-performance cement requires several things and not just a high concentration of cement, and it sometimes may not require it at all. it may need low density, high workability, and improved durability. it is true that increasing the amount of cement and its strength, some properties may also improve. however, it is also linked with high cost, higher heat of hydration, and less sustainability.  
3. high cement in the mixture means a better product – similar to what e mentioned above, having a higher cement in the concrete mixture does not guarantee durability and quality. the truth is, the opposite would be likely to experience. a concrete with higher cement can result in disadvantage, bad performance concrete, high costs, and unsustainable project materials. when the concrete has a high amount of cement, it becomes more susceptible to cracking and being brittle.  
4. you need to stick to a mix-design prescription to have the best results – most engineers think that you need to stick to the mix-design prescription in order for you to have the most durable concrete mix product. however, according to the experts, it is something that needs reevaluation. better performance is not definitely defined in this. there are things and factors that need to be assessed and taken into consideration. the performance needs to be quantified and qualified.  
conclusion 
so, those are the things you need to debunked and forget about concretes. while it is understandable that we often think that concrete has certain qualities, we also need to take into consideration the important things that determine the quality and durability of the concrete and not just mere hearsay.  



tips for seamless interior painting
by secure_admin | oct 5, 2020 | painting service
painting whether interior or exterior can provide a major difference when it comes to your overall curb appeal. and improving the curb appeal can cause a lot of advantages and benefits on your side. there are companies that provide professional richardson painting & drywall and they use the following tips we will be providing here to ensure that a pro-like painting process.  

do a visual inspection and preparation – this is something that most homeowners tend to overlook. when they are planning to paint their interior or exterior, they oftentimes think that equipment, as well as painting quality, are enough. although this has some truths on this, the quality of work you make is also dependent on how you prepare the wall such as identifying some flakes, removing thoroughly the old paint, and cleaning the wall before putting on the new paint. you will find yourself putting too much effort if you do not make enough preparation. 
wait for dry weather – dry weather does not mean that you will wait for summer. the ideal day to paint is a cloudy day. rainy season provides more humid in the atmosphere while sunny seasons make the paint dry more quickly.  
buy high-quality equipment – skills are good, but good equipment can enhance project output. while some homeowners tend to think that they are able to save some pennies when they opt for cheaper materials, but the opposite happens. cheaper materials would result in the not-so-good project output. this would also lead to damages and repair costs. you would end up spending more even after repainting.  
always use primer – you might think that primer is not that important but it is the primer that makes the paint more effective in covering imperfections on your walls. if you want to achieve a cleaner and smoother surface, then a primer is what you need.  
paint from the top to bottom – while professionals can do bottom to top without dripping off paints, the normal person may not achieve this. so, if you want to have a seamless and no-drip painting, then the most ideal way to do this is to start from the top and work your way to the bottom. in this way, the dripping paint would be used for painting the floor.  
box your paint – having too much paint will cost you more than what you intend and should spend. to avoid this, you can approach your salesperson to help you with a practical and realistic estimate of the amount of paint you will need for a project so you can buy it all at once. in this way, you will have some combinations of all the paints into one large container and mix it thoroughly instead of having once gallon per color. this is what we mean by boxing the paint. 
other tips: 
rely on your roller and use a high-quality roller for painting 
be familiar with your nap  protect the objects you do not want to be painted remove the outlet covers and light switch 
when it comes to doing your paint project, preparation is a must to minimize cost and maximize efficiency. we hope we have helped you! 



why gutters are important for roofs
by secure_admin | oct 2, 2020 | gutter service
gutters are an essential part of your roof and house structure. when this roofing part gets damaged, you will face a plethora of problems mainly because your roof’s functions also depend on its gutter. the problem is, gutters are given less attention than what they deserve. so, since you have stumbled on this website, you need to know that gutters also need maintenance and repair whenever they need them.  

let us first identify what gutters do before you arrive at the explanation on why they are important as you would have an image of what functions they serve and do.  
generally, gutters do one important job, and this is to divert away from the rainfall or any water from the house or roof. when there is a great amount of water on your home, it could result in several problems like water pooling on the roof, damped and molded siding, damaged doors, damaged windows and even damaged foundations. when there is a water pool on the roof, it could seep into the roofing materials, causing it to deteriorate faster that it would.  
besides what we mentioned, other things that gutters prevent are erosion, flooding, paint damage, home stains, and mildew and mold growth.  
why does a gutter need maintenance? 
just because you have a functional gutter in your home does not mean you do not need to provide the needed attention when it comes to maintenance and repairs. gutters need to be cleaned and maintained regularly to ensure that they function as to how they are built to. if you are looking for a professional service, the temple seamless gutters experts are here to help you.  
also, when there is no proper maintenance, there is no way you can detect damages before they could get worse, and mind you, detecting damages before they worsen is essential to prevent damage costs and expenses. some of the damages may include gaps, holes, and even downspouts. gaps and holes are common damages that need to be treated and fixed. otherwise, they would cause structural problems and further house damage. clogged gutters or pooling roofs because of faulty gutter can also cause mold and mildew that can be detrimental to your health especially when there are family members who have respiratory problems like asthma.  
what cause gutter problems? 
there are several reasons why you could experience gutter problems and issues including debris, shingle grit, clogs, and pine needles. if you do not practice regular cleaning, your gutter could be clogged that prevents water away from the base. there are also contributing factors like trees near the house, animal feces, and the roof and gutter age. when the roof and gutter are old, they become more susceptible to damage and repairs. there are two ways you can perform. do regular cleaning and maintenance to slow down the aging process and/or fully replace your old roof and gutter and install new ones. this way, you would prevent doing repairs in a frequent manner.  
so, you see, gutters may be seen on the sides of the house and they may be overlooked by most homeowners, but they surely contribute to the well-being of your roof and your house. take care of them and you will not experience head-scratching issues and expenses.  



facts you need to know about concrete
by secure_admin | sep 30, 2020 | concrete services
you probably have heard about concrete. who wouldn’t? concrete is seen everywhere inside and outside any houses and buildings. in fact, wherever you go, you can see infrastructures and structures made of concrete such as driveways, sidewalks, buildings, foundations, walls, roofs, and more.  
concrete is the most commonly used construction material in addition to being the most widely used material in construction. this means that there are tons and tons of concrete being mixed, work on, use, and recycled all over the world.  

concrete and cement are commonly used interchangeably although these two materials refer to different things. while cement is an ingredient to be mixed with water and aggregates, concrete is the resulting mixture of these ingredients. it is important to know the differences between these two.  
there are several companies that rely on doing louisville concrete works and there are also many people that rely on the function’s concrete provides. and although you might think you already know about concrete, there are still several interesting facts you might not know about it.  
the following are the facts you need to know about concrete: 
1.concrete can be found in nature – yes, this is true, and this is probably bizarre to think since the common thought about concrete is that is a mad-made substance. while this claim is true, there are also instances where concrete is created and produced by nature. for instance, a deposit in israel aging 12-million years has been discovered that made the concept of nature-produced concrete. this organic and natural concrete is the result of mixing limestone and oil sale.  
2.joseph aspdin made the modern concrete that we now today – although concrete has been used since the ancient greeks and romans for building their bridges and buildings, it was joseph aspdin who was credited with patenting the modern concrete in 1824 leeds. he made modifications in a mixture of aggregates and made concrete more stable and stronger compared before.  
3.roman bridges are still standing up to this date even they are already 2,000 years old – as mentioned before, ancient greeks and romans have made bridges and structures made of concrete that is still standing this day. and although these structures including their bridges and buildings were used by the militia, they are still thriving up t this very day.  
4.there are companies that produce scented form release agents – everyone knows that cement and concrete do not have smell other than earth and dust. however, because of the innovations and technology brought by modern times, there are companies that offer concrete that release agents that would make the concrete smell good. for instance, they can provide concrete that emits smells such as citrus, cherry, and bubble gum.  
5.th largest unreinforced concrete structure is the pantheon – the pantheon was built in 120 a.d was created by the ancient romans and has been standing still up to this date. it is considered to be the largest unenforced concrete structure.  
conclusion 
you see, there are many things that we think we know about concrete but the thing is, there are still a lot of interesting things about concrete that we know not of.  



can you recycle concrete?
by secure_admin | sep 29, 2020 | concrete services
concrete is one of the most produced and utilized materials in the world. in fact, wherever you go, you see concrete infrastructures, objects, etc. from driveways, walls, statues, and more, you commonly see concrete. in addition, there are also materials that are mixed with concrete too. given the fact that the concrete and cement industry produce tons and tons of concrete materials, is it possible to recycle and reuse concrete? this is what we will find out in this article. 

several construction projects like what cypress concrete works typically start the process in the demolition of concrete, whether it is a driveway, foundation, sidewalks, or other concrete structures. this process provides them a huge size of heavy, dense materials. because of these wastes, recycling concrete has become popular in the construction industry as it reduces costs, efforts, and environmental degradation. typically, the recycling process involves pulverizing or crushing the concrete rubble near the building site or the demolition. and because there are different ways of recycling the concrete, choosing the best method is significant. it depends on several factors like the shape and size of the concrete, costs, and others.  
how do you recycle concrete? 
generally, it is recycled by using a piece of industrial crushing equipment with large impactors and jaws. once the concrete is broken, another impactor is used to screen the concrete and removes dirt from it, where large and small aggregates are separated. other equipment and processes can also be used such as separators, water flotation, and magnets that are able to remove elements from the concrete materials.  
what are the benefits of concrete recycling? 
one of the major benefits of recycling concrete is that it helps reduce and minimize construction waste as well as extend landfills’ life. there are tons and tons produced wastes from demolition, and the production needs the energy to work. by reducing production, we are also reducing energy consumption. another advantage of concrete recycling lowers the costs for transportation of wastes and to landfills as well as fees that are involved. it is a great help to the company. some companies are given points when they sue recycled concrete, as a result of the program provided by the federal or local government to encourage reducing carbon footprints. the last major benefit is that it creates employment that would not otherwise exist without the process of concrete recycling.  
what are the uses of old concrete? 
recycles concrete can be used in different infrastructures or be sued as new materials. the following are the uses of recycled concrete: 
crushed concrete can be used as aggregates for mixing new concrete concrete that is properly crushed and well-sorted can be used for landscaping mulch. they can even be used as a substitute for gravels and ground covers.  concrete in larger pieces are used for controlling streambank erosion  
conclusion 
recycling is generally known for its advantages and benefits. and since concrete is produced on a large scale and the industry produces a lot of concrete materials, it is fitting to reduce the production to minimize cost and energy use. in this way, construction becomes more sustainable.  











search for:





recent posts


myths about concretes that need to be busted


tips for seamless interior painting


why gutters are important for roofs


facts you need to know about concrete


can you recycle concrete?


recent commentsarchives

october 2020
september 2020

categories

concrete services

gutter service

painting service







 










facebook




twitter




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 























