





lewis group architects – architecture and design – knoxville, tn
































 






skip to content

































aboutprojectsteamnewscontact 




search for:


















loading...







university of tennessee strong hall research facility 











sanda mill lofts 











bank of tennessee 











morristown-hamblen high school east culinary arts classroom 











mill creek elementary school 











jefferson county clerk & election complex 











newport innovation center 














home pageadmin2024-08-26t17:46:39+00:00 
see our projectsread more
as the premier commercial architecture firm in knoxville and cleveland, we specialize in a wide variety of project types from healthcare to education, civic to commercial, senior living, multi-family housing, and beyond. visit our gallery to learn more.
learn our processread more
discover who we are as a firm, where we started, where we’re going, and how our designers bring each vision to life. see more about our approach and our philosophy which puts the client at the forefront.
meet our peopleread more
from interns to interiors, architects to project managers, meet the skilled, creative team behind the design. experience our team culture and our passion for the many communities we live, work, and play in.
join our teamread more
lga is looking for talented architects and interior designers to join our team! lga offers a competitive salary, excellent benefits, a great work environment, and a chance to make a difference in your community.
about lga


over 40 years in business


from 1982 until today, and always looking forward
0%
repeat clientele
committed to our clients and the success of their projects.
0billion
in construction projects

from education to commercial and everything in between.
0
completed projects

across east tennessee
and the southeast.
click here











lewisgrouparchitects
at lga, we aim to be a passionate advocate of the clients' vision in all phases of project execution.








please join us in welcoming haven bush to the lga 






come meet us at the @utkcoad career day tomorrow! 






it's tn school board appreciation week, and we're 


 





it's tn school board appreciation week, and we're 


 





it's tn school board appreciation week, and we're 


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram










 
 





knoxville office 6512 deane hill drive
knoxville, tn 37919
(865) 584-5000

 



cleveland office 63 north ocoee street
cleveland, tn 37311
(423) 476-0012

 

 


 







 

 



 
 






©2021 lewis group architects. all rights reserved.
site design by new frame creative 



 
 
 
 


 
 





















go to top




