














national willa cather center - red cloud, ne









        skip to main content
      





x











user account menu


 join


 donate





menu













national willa cather center - red cloud, ne


user account menu


 join


 donate




main navigation


about



about



willa cather




the foundation




staff




board of governors




news




annual reports




newsletters




permissions










visit



visit



hours & directions




tours




lodging




national willa cather center




red cloud opera house




cather prairie




willa cather's red cloud




cather immersion package










events



events



art gallery




author series




call for papers




international seminar




opera house




rentals




special events




spring conference










collections



collections



historic sites




the collections at nwcc




explore the collection




finding aids




annotations from the archive




collections policies










discover



educational resources



overview




for readers




for writers




for teachers




for students




virtual tours




exhibits










support



support



donate




membership




planned giving




charitable ira rollover




opera house sponsor




conference sponsor




shop




volunteer
















































welcome to the home of willa cather




















willa cather

willa cather is one of the most important american novelists of the first half of the twentieth century. seen as a regional writer for decades after her passing in 1947, critics have increasingly identified cather as a canonical american writer, the peer of authors like hemingway, faulkner and wharton.

life & literature
recent news
shop books & gifts







the willa cather foundation is a not-for-profit organization created in 1955 that owns and operates the national willa cather center and the nation's largest collection of nationally-designated historic sites dedicated to an american author.













life & literature
life & literature






historic sites
historic sites






reader resources
 reader resources






plan your visit
 plan your visit






cather's writings
cather's writings






students & teachers
students & teachers






upcoming events
upcoming events






recent news
recent news













the big read of my ántonia

programs offered to communities & organizations
willa cather’s my ántonia was among the fifty titles selected by the national endowment for the arts (nea) for their 2024 big read initiative. in partnership with arts midwest, the nea big read supports community reading programs designed around a single nea big read book, with an aim to broaden our understanding of our world, our communities, and ourselves through the joy of sharing a good book. exhibits, programs, and educational resources are available from september 1-june 30, 2025. ready to request books, a program, or an exhibit? click below to access our booking form!

request programs or learn more
october 4 kick-off event
book a my ántonia tour














cather books & gifts

something for everyone
our online store offers a vast selection of products for both seasoned cather readers and those who have yet to discover the complexity and beauty of her writing. begin by reading cather's novels, short stories, and poetry; then delve into cather criticism and scholarship. already read it all? check out our cather swag that includes apparel, posters, prints, journals, notecards, and more. 

shop online












the willa cather childhood home reopens for tours

first restoration in more than a half century
on willa cather’s 150th birthday (dec. 7, 2023), the willa cather childhood home reopened for guided tours after a 16-month restoration. this national historic landmark was cather’s residence between the ages of ten to sixteen. visitors to the home will encounter family possessions and glean a deeper understanding the daily lives of members of the cather family. we look forward to welcoming you!


book a tour
about the restoration














get involved

support our work
the willa cather foundation is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization dedicated to celebrating the work, life, and legacy of this great american writer. through our scholarly endeavors, educational outreach, arts and humanities programs, and preservation of historical settings and archives, we serve as a vibrant memorial to the pulitzer prize-winning author.

sign up for our e-newsletter!
become a member
become a donor












willa cather review

tri-annual release
three times a year, the willa cather review offers a unique combination of original writing focused on cather, her influences and times, and most especially the pleasures of her artistry; on new cather-connected discoveries appearing with increasing frequency, and on news of activities of the willa cather foundation in red cloud and elsewhere. the journal is intended for scholars and general readers alike, and writing is academic but accessible, timely, and new. it is complemented with well-chosen color illustrations that always extend readers’ knowledge and illumination.

browse past issues













statue unveiled in u.s. capitol

cather joins the national statuary hall collection
willa cather’s bronze sculpture by artist littleton alston was dedicated and unveiled for the first time in national statuary hall of the u.s. capitol on wednesday, june 7, at 11:00 a.m. et. cather is the first pulitzer prize winner and the twelfth woman represented in the national statuary hall collection. she joins ponca chief standing bear, installed in 2019, as one of two new sculptures that represent nebraska. the installation ceremony took place exactly six months before her 150th birthday on december 7, an event being celebrated throughout the year and across the country.


learn more



























the national willa cather center

          413 north webster — red cloud, ne 68970
        
402.746.2653




nebraska arts council



national endowment for the humanities



american writers museum



humanities nebraska



gold transparency 2024


© all rights reserved the willa cather foundation. this institution is an equal opportunity provider & employer. the national willa cather center is the registered trade name of the willa cather foundation, a not-for-profit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax id # 47-0485401) under the section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code
website designed & developed by unanimous



facebook
instagram
twitter/x
youtube






















