





home | 

















































































































































skip to content





 










close menu

about us

abs board of directors & officers
abs bylaws


bonsai clubs

bonsai clubs – usa
bonsai clubs – canada


membership
publications

newsletter archive
journal index
journal article submission
journal advertising


programs

abs learning seminars
new talent contest


resources

bonsai species
bonsai collections


abs store
 












 





a beautiful bonsaiis a work of heart 



welcome to the american bonsai society! 






learn more



































 




join today! 








 




donate! 








 




find a club! 








 




get help! 















 



 







join the american bonsai society today!
 



membership benefits: bonsai: the journal of the american bonsai societymonthly newsletter via e-maildiscount on abs publications and bookscare guides and articles on websiteeducation materialsabs award of meritlearning seminarsnew talent competitionjohn naka awardmentor program 






learn more
















 








new merchandise!
 



shop from anywhere: our store is fully online for convenient shopping anytime, anywhere.something for everyone: browse a variety of branded apparel, accessories, and unique collectibles.fast shipping: enjoy quick delivery straight to your door.shop now: visit our store and start repping your favorite brand! 






shop now!




















join a club! 



there are dozens of bonsai clubs across the united states to help you on your bonsai journey. 






find a club!












joshua roth / abs new talent contest 



any person living in north america is eligible, provided he or she has been involved with the art of bonsai for fewer than 10 years. 






sign up today!












abs learning seminars 2024 



keep your caledar open for the abs 2024 learning seminars, may 9-12 in grand rapids, mi! 






learn more!



















meet the team 



learn more about abs leadership 















 



karen harkaway 



president 



dr karen harkaway, a practicing dermatologist, began her bonsai journey about 15 years ago, when she began studying with chase rosade… 







 



rob hoffman 



vice-president 



i have been a carpenter since 2003. working on all types of large buildings. i was born with club feet, which always left me in pain. i ended up having my right leg amputated because of said pain… 







 



joe graviss 



treasurer 



joe graviss is a retired certified public accountant, businessman, civic entrepreneur, and state legislator. he and his wife live on a small farm in kentucky. 










learn more!


















 









how we can help 



the american bonsai society is here to help you learn and grow on your bonsai journey. 






 
find resources and opportunities for learning



 
subscribe to our online newsletter



 
how to find a mentor















sponsors 



we’re thrilled to introduce the driving forces behind our platform – our valued sponsors. these partners embody our commitment to innovation and community engagement. their support elevates your experience, ensuring top-notch content every visit. from leading brands to impactful nonprofits, our sponsors enrich our community conversations. join us in celebrating these champions who help shape a vibrant online world. if you would like to be a site sponsor, drop us a line! 








 









 













 









 
































join our community 






join now











 






copyright © 2025, american bonsai society. all rights reserved. 






 



















































