
















home | bulgarian orthodox diocese of the usa, canada, and australia






 










 
 


 





 











 
 


















































































mission statement:the bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada, and australia exists to proclaim the gospel of our lord jesus christ to all people, to teach by both word and deed, to inspire all to lead a life of orthodox christian belief, worship, and service to others.

















2024 archpastoral nativity greeting








christ is born! христос се роди!
2024 nativity greeting (read in english)
2024 коледно послание (прочетете на български)

















2024 archpastoral paschal greeting





christ is risen!christ is risen!


may 5, 2024
read the archpastoral greeting in englishпрочетете поздравлението на български

















2024 lenten govenie








24 април 2024
великопостно оттегляне за молитва на клира на епархията ни в орландо, флорида

















2023 archpastoral nativity greeting








christ is born! христос се роди!
2023 nativity greeting (read in english)
2023 коледно послание (прочетете на български)

























2022 archpastoral message on the eve of lent
read the lenten message in english
прочетете посланието на български

















diocesan news

00000







fundraising campaign to support st sophia (des plaines, il)with the blessing of his eminence, we are announcing a fundraising campaign to pay down the mortgage and thus ensure the long-term propserity of the parish. please share it. more information >


00001







memory eternal to fr. grouu tzonkovthe wake will be on wed, 10/27/21 from 10:00 am. the funeral will be on thu, 10/28/21 from 11:00 am. both at st sophia located at 404 w oakton st, des plaines, il 60018. more information >
























the holy right-believing king upravda-justinian - builder of hagia sophia
read in english | прочетете на български

















his eminence visits joy of all who sorrow parish (indianapolis, in)








november 3, 2019
his eminence visits joy of all who sorrow parish in indianapolis, in for patronal feast. fr. john miller installed as the presiding priest.

















44th annual diocesan convention





2019—brampton, on2019—brampton, on


patriarchal greeting to the delegates and participantsin english   * * *  in bulgarian
patriarchal greeting to the popadias and diaconissasin english   * * *  in bulgarian
state of the diocese 2019in english 

















2019 archpastoral paschal greeting







2019 paschal greeting (read in english)2019 великденско поздравление (прочете на български)

















2019 forgiveness sunday & archpastoral lenten message



read the forgiveness sunday & lenten greeting in english and bulgarian

















2018 archpastoral nativity message







2018 nativity archpastoral message
read the archpastoral greeting in englishпрочетете поздравлението на български

















metropolitan joseph visited dearborn, mi








november 11, 2018
metropolitan joseph celebrated st. clement orthodox church's patron saint day in dearborn, mi

















his eminence ordained a new priest in ontario








october 28, 2018
his eminence ordained fr simeon ivanov into the holy priesthood at "st. dimitar" bulgarian orthodox church of brampton, ontario, canada

















metropolitan joseph consecrated a new church building in hudson, ohio








october 21, 2018
his eminence metropolitan joseph visited the faithful of st. herman of alaska eastern orthodox church in hudson, oh to consecrate a new parish building

















metropolitan joseph visits st petersburg, fl








october 14, 2018
his eminence visited st petka's parish in st petersburg, florida
(article in bulgarian)

















metropolitan joseph visits des plaines, il on patron feast








september 16, 2018
metropolitan joseph visited saint sophia bulgarian church in des plaines, il on the occasion of its patron feast.

















metropolitan joseph visits santa rosa, ca on dormition








august 28, 2018
his eminence metropolitan joseph visits holy dormition orthodox church in santa rosa, ca

















hierarchical visitations and tonsurings at boston, ma








august 28, 2018
hierarchical visitations, new ordinations, and the establishment of a new diocesan monastery

















announcements

00000
fundraising campaign to support st sophia (des plaines, il)with the blessing of his eminence, we are announcing a fundraising campaign to pay down the mortgage and thus ensure the long-term propserity of the parish. please share it. more information >00001
memory eternal to fr. grouu tzonkovthe wake will be on wed, 10/27/21 from 10:00 am. the funeral will be on thu, 10/28/21 from 11:00 am. both at st sophia located at 404 w oakton st, des plaines, il 60018. more information >














43rd annual diocesan convention








diocesan convention report convetion photos
patriarchal greeting to the delegates and participantsin english   * * *  in bulgarian
patriarchal greeting to the popadias and diaconissasin english   * * *  in bulgarian
archpastoral opening for popadias and diaconissasin english   * * *  in bulgarian

















2018 paschal archpastoral message



2018 paschal archpastoral message
english &  bulgarian
 
























election of metropolitan daniil of vidin

















st. john the baptist monastery celebrates its first patronal feast day







st. john the baptist monastery celebrates its first patronal feast day






































nativity archpastoral message



nativity archpastoral messageenglish    bulgarian
 

















popadias & diaconissa gathering 2017







popadias & diaconissa gathering 2017






































42nd annual diocesan convention








patriarchal greeting to 42nd annual convention& convention report
english    bulgarian




















  

















crown of righteousness








crown of righteousness(on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the death of the bulgarian exarch stefan1-1878-2017)on may 14, 1957, exiled in the village of banja, karlovo, died the bulgarian exarch stefan 1. the clergy and laity of the bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australia, with prayer and in good memory, will celebrate the 60th anniversary of the falling asleep of this great spiritual elder of bulgarian orthodoxy.






































govenie 17-3 sunday evening sermon



govenie 17-3 sunday evening sermon
+ metropolitan joseph 






































2017 clergy govenyie  at holy transfiguration church  east syracuse, ny	







2017 clergy govenyie at holy transfiguration church east syracuse, ny 






































2017 paschal archpastoral message



2017 paschal archpastoral message
english             bulgarian
 




































sunday of orthodoxy







sunday of orthodoxy
st. clement ohridski eastern orthodox church sponsored the first lenten vesper (evening prayer) of the year on sunday march 5, 2017, orthodoxy sunday. 






































veneration of the cross at st clements








veneration of the crossst clement ohridski, dearborn, mi 






































announcement from the diocesan chancery



announcement from the diocesan chancery
the chancery of the bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canadaand australia announces that the holy synod of the bulgarian orthodox church– bulgarian patriarchate, at its session on dec 15, 2016, confirmed thedecision of the diocesan spiritual court of the bulgarian eastern orthodoxdiocese of the usa, canada and australia concerning the defrocking ofarchpriest paisius delucia, former missionary priest at st. innocent’sacademy, kodiak, ak.former archpriest paisius delucia was defrocked by the diocesan spiritualcourt of the bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the u.s.a., canada, andaustralia on march 20, 2015. mr. delucia appealed the decision to hisholiness patriarch neofit and the holy synod. the decision of the holy synodfrom dec 15, 2016 closes mr. delucia’s appeal and confirms his return tolayman status.




































st clement's day with his eminence metropolitan joseph







st clement's day with his eminence metropolitan joseph
st clement's day celebration, dearborn, mi 






































nativity archpastoral message 2016



 nativity archpastoral message 2016
english              bulgarian
 

















orthodox church school



orthodox church school teachers’ resources the nativity of christ 
 
boya nativity curriculum.pdf 
with the blessing of his eminence, metro. joseph, we are please to make this new six part church school curriculum for the nativity of christ available to you free of charge for your use in church schools and in home based religious education.  
this boya church school teachers' resource has been developed especially with elementary school age children in mind. it is both classroom tested and ready for use by parents in the home, where that is necessary or preferred. the six illustrated lessons may also be easily adapted for use with middle school or even high school youth groups. it is the first of what we pray will be many such church school resources provided free of charge on this website in the future.  please feel free to adapt the material for use according to your own program needs, and to share it with your fellow church school teachers and youth group leaders. yours in christ,v. rev. fr. philip tolbert director, bulgarian orthodox youth apostolate bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada & australia bulgarian patriarchate




































41st annual diocesan convention







41st annual diocesan conventionwith the ordination of rev. fr. deacon atanas megerov

























































decision of the holy synod of the bulgarian orthodox church



decision of the holy synod of the bulgarian orthodox church – bulgarian patriarchate
at its meeting on 01jun2016, the holy synod of the bulgarian orthodox church, bulgarian patriarchate, extensive discussions were held on issues related to the convening of the great and holy council of the orthodox church, 16 to 26 june 2016 in crete. (continue reading)






































2016 clergy lenten retreat at holy transfiguration church east syracuse, ny







2016 clergy lenten retreat at holy transfiguration churcheast syracuse, ny
see article and photos






































2016 paschal archpastoral message



2016 paschal archpastoral message
english             bulgarian
 




































celebrating nativity and ordinations at holy resurrection







celebrating nativity and ordinations at holy resurrection
see article & photos




















 
 

















2015 nativity archpastoral message



2015 nativity archpastoral message
english           bulgarian






































holy dormition's patronal feast with his eminence







holy dormition in santa rosa with his eminence metropolitan joseph 
this year his eminence metropolitan joseph celebrated our feast day, the holy dormition of the mother of god, on friday, august 28 2015 in santa rosa ca.
see article and photos






































100th anniversary st. steaphens



st. stephen’s bulgarian eastern orthodox church 
celebrates 100th year anniversary
local church is one of five original in u.s. & canada in bulgarian diocese
 
gala dinner dance and special church services september 12 -13, 2015
 
more info click here
  







































2015 diocesan conventiom












































his eminence visits st. george bulgarian orthodox church in orlando, florida







his eminence visits st. george bulgarian orthodox church in orlando, florida




































2015  archpastoral paschal message



2015 paschal archpastoral message
english             bulgarian
 

















2015 lenten retreats at hroc



2015 lenten retreatsat holy resurrection orthodox church bostonmen's retreat            women's retreat









































from the diocesan chancery march 21, 2015the decision of the diocesan spiritual court concerning the allegations against archpriest fr. paisius delucia can be viewed at the following link: 21mar decision.pdf




















 
 

















aid for the suffering church of antioch



aid for the suffering church of antioch
from the diocesan chanceryin these days, when we prepare ourselves for the feast of the nativity of our lord jesus christ, we in the bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australia have had the chance to experience the meeting with our lord twice – first we were reminded of the needs of our small brothers and sisters in the orphanage of st. nicholas, near novi han, bulgaria, and second we met our lord in the person of his holiness john x, the patriarch of the martyr orthodox church of antioch.  read more here






































nativity archpastoral message 2014



2014 nativity archpastoral message
english             bulgarian
 

















39th annual diocesan convention



the 39th annual diocesan convention
 of the
   bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australia   documentspatriarchal & archpastoral greetings state of the diocese 

















39th annual diocesan convention







july 17 - 20 2014the 39th annual diocesan conventionof the  bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australia  his eminence metropolitan joseph presidinginformation: location, schedule & lodgingclick here to view or download pdf




















 

















2014 clergy lenten  govenie








2014 clergy lenten retreat at
joy of all who sorrow church,
 indianapolis
 




































2014 paschal archpastoral message



2014 paschal archpastoral message
english             bulgarian
 




































archpastoral nativity message 2013



archpastoral nativity message 2013bulgarian              english

















arrival of a portion of the relics of st. john maximovitch








his grace, bp. daniil brought a portion of the relics of st, john maximovitch to our church thursday, december 12th, 2013. he was greeted at the indianapolis airport and then come to our church where we had an akathist to st. john.photos & more

















sisterhood raises money for st. nicholas orphanage in novi han








donations for st. nicholas orphanage in novi han, bulgaria
sts. martha and mary sisterhood raise money for fr. john's st. nicholas orphanage in novi han, bulgaria.
photos & more




































38th annual diocesan convention







the 38th annual diocesan conventionof the  bulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australia  his eminence metropolitan joseph presidingphotos here




















  

















patriarch neofit















patriarch neofit of bulgaria enthroned at the patriarchal cathedral "alexander nevski" on sunday february 24 2013"worthy"  "достоен"




















a journal entry on the election and elevation of our new patriarch neofit




































archpastoral paschal greeting



archpastoral paschal greetingbulgarian          english






































youth directors release resources in the wake of recent tragedies



~ press release ~bulgarian orthodox youth apostolateapril 20, 2013youth directors release resources in the wake of recent tragedies







































symposium on the edict of milan held in toronto




































delegates for patriarchal election



delegates for patriarchal election chosen






































ordination of rev. milovan djerasimovich








ordination of rev. milovan djerasimovich






































memory eternal fr. panayot








memory eternal fr. panayot 

























































memory eternal








your grace, beloved fathers, brethren and sisters in the lord,i would like to inform you that this morning november 6, 2012, his holiness bulgarian patriarch maxim passed away.i ask you very kindly to remember him in your holy prayers, proskomidias and divine liturgies as the newly departed servant of god maxim patriarch of bulgaria and metropolitan of sofia.may god give rest and peace to our beloved the newly departed patriarch maxim.bog da go prosti! vechnaia pamiat!with love in the lord, + m.j.




































his grace bishop daniil visits  holy dormition in santa rosa




















in august of 2012, his grace bishop daniil visited holy dormition orthodox church in santa rosa, ca. during the visit his grace was able to attend the 200th anniversary of the founding of fort ross and the 30th anniversary of the repose of fr. seraphim rose in platina, ca.see photos & description











































the st. john of rila work and pray youth pilgrimage to bulgariaaugust 7-22, 2012  -  ages 18-30






































policies statements on contemporary moral issues



policy statements on contemporary moral issuesbulgarian eastern orthodox diocese of the usa, canada and australiabulgarian patriarchat

























icons
of the newly glorified new martyrs of batak and novo selo


















welcometo the bulgarian eastern orthodox dioceseof the usa, canada, and australia











  powered by orthodox web solutions

































