








uf/ifas international support - university of florida, institute of food and agricultural sciences - uf/ifas


















































skip to main content












uf/ifas international supportuf/ifas international support



support for international projects
the university of florida's institute of food and agricultural sciences (uf/ifas) is proud to manage two large international projects sponsored by the u.s. agency for international development (usaid): 

feed the future haiti appui à la recherche et au développement agricole (area)
feed the future innovation lab for livestock systems

to support these research projects and facilitate others around the globe, uf/ifas invested in the ifas international support team (iist). visit the team’s website for help with the services listed below.

information on ifas international activities and engagement, including college-level signatures for international memorandums of understanding and cooperative agreements.
identifying and understanding international regulations, sponsor guidelines and funding restrictions.
troubleshooting complex fiscal, travel and procurement transactions with relevant departments and offices.
serving as the main point of contact and communication with ifas and campus core offices to facilitate the efficient and successful submission, implementation and completion of projects with international components.
providing administrative, budget and compliance-related feedback on faculty concept notes, letters of intent/pre-proposals, internally funded activities and large multi-institutional programs.
to connect with uf faculty members based on their disciplinary/technical or geographic expertise.
information on ifas international programs advisory team (ipat) and associated awards, etc.

 







‌


site feedback|
© 2019 |
uf/ifas global - international programs|
university of florida, institute of food and agricultural sciences
2250 shealy drive, gainesville, fl 32611  |
352-392-1965|
analytics (google privacy policy)|
policies: disability services|uf privacy|ssn privacylast modified: fri, 29 mar 2019 10:57:40 edt






 

























