



made in italy light weight alloy wheels - oz racing


































							belgium (fr)						



							belgium (nl)						



							czech republic						



							denmark						



							france						



							germany						



							greece						



							italy						



							japan						



							sweden						



							netherlands						



							spain						



							united kingdom						



							international						


china














 


newslettermotorbikecountry




 





homealloy wheelsalloy wheelsfind your caralfa romeoaudibmwfiatfordhyundaikiamercedesmininissanopelpeugeotporscherenaultskodasmartvolkswagenvolvogalleryitalian companyoz groupmissionhistorylean organizationworld of ozitalian designtechnologyoz tech labproject developmentproductionthe wheelqualitychoose safetystatic and dynamic testspainting testlbf testmounting and maintenance manualcertificationstpmsaccessoriesdealerspaddockimportersnews & eventsall newseventsmotorsport productsmotorsportracing deppalmaresofficial partnersfia wrcimsaformula studentformula studentwheels3d configurator









 

introducing
estrema gt hlt
#aimforthestars 



 

atelier forged
ultimate alu
record-setting light weight now in aluminum 



 

limited edition
ultimate magnesio
the lightest wheel ever 



 

introducing
e-raid
the new electric mountain bike by oz 



 

discover
superturismo aero
today speed takes a new shape 



 

fia wrc
m-sport world rally team 



 

imsa
bmw motorsport for lmdh 









wheels are the meeting point between cars and tarmac. they must be safe, stable and ready for any route. oz racing alloy wheels are the perfect combination of performance, construction quality and design stemming from decades of research and development in motorsports for a road driving experience. this is where you can find safety, fun and peace of mind while driving. all our alloy wheels are designed, handcrafted and tested in italy. imagine yourself driving: it's you, the familiar sound of the engine and the road in front of you. it's a moment when time and space merge with speed. it's a special moment for you and your car. this is why, with its alloy wheels, oz racing takes care of one of its fundamental components: wheels-.				

wheels are the meeting point between cars and tarmac. they must be safe, stable and ready for any route. oz racing alloy wheels are the perfect ...



because attention to detail is part of oz's dna and our winning mentality. driving is an emotion, a pleasure that no-one can take away from you. whether you're going to work, to the gym, to an important event or a trip out of town, engine vibrations and the noise of the road are familiar perceptions and sounds. oz racing alloy wheels enhance each of these moments, ensuring stability while driving and releasing pure energy as you pass.
when you take a road, be it old or new, our alloy wheels are your silent guardians. they tirelessly face smooth and rough road surfaces, new and uneven concrete. because every driving moment is unique and there are endless roads to discover and rediscover. find your nearest authorised dealer and explore which oz alloy wheels best suit your style. the roads of the world await you, and you can experience a whole new rewarding feeling as you take them on.			












latest
news


	
					oz racing presents estrema gt: hlt technology, emphasized concavity, and customization for extreme performance				









browse the
gallery













today speed takes a new shape
superturismo aero
	
						go to the technical data sheet					











2025
catalog













choose your style
personal ring system











read
oz paddock store


	
				a selected network of the top oz retailers			










tpms


	
				discover more			












	
				sturdy, streamlined, brave: rally desert!			




find dealer











contactsfaqpartnerscareersmerchandisingdownload areagpsr

latest news



oz racing presents estrema gt: hlt technology, emphasized concavity, and customization for extreme performance


oz and toyota to partner for a brand-new aftermarket wheel named superturismo tgr-wrt


rally desert: oz dna, sturdy and streamlined


#callmeobsessed


oz magnesium limited edition






newsletter

fill in the form to active the newsletter and receive updates and news concerning the oz world


social







privacyterms & conditionscode of ethicsquality policypreferencescookiesrelease clausesite map

© 2024 o.z. s.p.a. all rights reserved  |  sede legale: via bastion n.49/4, 36061 bassano del grappa  (vi) |  p.i. 00262760242





log into partner area
partner area

access invalid

username



password




forgot password?






