






 









home - advanced healing wellness center







































































































 

























 



home
about us

our story


our services

ayurveda
panchakarma
diagnostic testing
diet & nutrition
sufi healing & spiritual counseling
therapeutic bodywork & massage
traditional chinese medicine/acupuncture
yoga
tai chi


events
retreats

family lineage healing retreat
greece retreat
panchakarma kerala, india retreat
pembroke pines, fl retreats
sedona, arizona retreats
torelles de foix, spain retreat
vilcabamba , ecuador retreat
gallery


blogs
continuing education
contact us
 





select page


  




 



 















holistic approach to good healthspend time with your body and soul together, so that you shall see yourself absorbed.
book online

















welcome!



“we are not a small star;
we contain the entire universe inside of us.”

book online now





who we are

advanced healing wellness center (ahwc) emphasizes a holistic approach to health and wellness. with the rise of universal consciousness and the demand for complementary health, more people worldwide turn to alternative health for help

read more













ayurveda






sufi healing & spiritual counseling








panchakarma






therapeutic bodywork & massage






view all services







our team







dr. alda sainfort
md, omd, mdiv, pgda, lmt





anju kaimal
ryt





dr. alberto ortega







ana ramirez
lac, ap







view all members







are you new patient?
if you have never visited our offices before, we ask that you complete some basic paperwork before your appointment to decrease wait-times.

book online now







our partner’s

[sp_wpcarousel id=”100″]



 







about advanced healing wellness center (ahwc) emphasizes a holistic approach to health and wellness. with the rise of universal consciousness and the demand for complementary health, more people worldwide turn to alternative health for help. to reach that benchmark, advanced healing wellness center works with each patient/or client to develop a plan of action tailored to his/ or her needs. our goal is to integrate physical, emotional, mental, nutritional, and spiritual components and restore balance inwardly and outwardly.

servicesayurveda
panchakarma
diagnostic testing
diet & nutrition
sufi healing & spiritual counseling
therapeutic bodywork & massage
traditional chinese medicine/acupuncture
yoga
hypnosis
tai chi
verify your insurance
instagram
facebook
 



© 2020 advanced healing wellness center. all rights reserved.  

 
 
 
sign up for our newsletters and exciting offers!






name email

notify me about related newsletters and special offers.


yes



no

 











by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: advanced healing wellness center, 20170 pines blvd, suite 301, pembroke pines, fl, 33029, us, https://www.advancedhealingwellnesscenter.com/. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.
× 
































































