











home - williamson college






















































 





 


































payments ▶
donate 


















home
about

why wc?
learn more
smyrna, tn location

williamson college and motlow state community college
s2l and williamson college


our mission statement
guiding and culture principles
board of trustees
meet our president
tenets of faith
accreditation
student life

student government
veritas
christian/community service
omega nu lambda
mentor program
ministry formation program
missions opportunities


biblical study trips & classes


academics

academics
majors
populi
transcript request
library
catalog
textbook list


apply

apply online
admissions
financial aid
veterans affairs
scholarships


resources

consumer information
student outcomes
payments
student accounts
wc mail
forms


staff & faculty

business faculty
ministry faculty
general education faculty
maol faculty
mats, mabs, mail faculty
staff information
contributors


events

uncommon leadership award dinner


giving

donate to wc
donate to newlens
the promise


contact
newlens

about
donate to newlens


constitution corner
 


















learn more 




















apply here 












williamson college
we are small. some students excel in a more intimate, personalized setting. we understand that. we’re not out to become a big college; we simply aspire to become the best small college we can be.
we are flexible. whether you are just out of high school or re-calibrating your life to explore a new career, we’ve designed our classes, tuition, and schedules to plug into your circumstance.
we are affordable. we keep tuition charges as low as possible to help make wc accessible for everyone. as part of the vision of wc, we open our doors to the poor, oppressed, marginalized and disenfranchised student-with great joy.
we are growing. 2018 marked the launch of the second wc location housed at lifepoint church in rutherford county, tn! current program offerings include our business administration and ministry leadership undergraduate degrees. learn more here! 
 








affordable • accessible • authentically christian • academically rigorous
by equipping minds, engaging hearts, and following christ, wc equips students of every background  to be on mission for christ, in every community that they step into.







fields of study






 





graduate studies


master of arts in organizational leadership • the m.a. in organizational leadership, taught from...





 





undergraduate studies


bachelor of science degrees business administration overview: williamson college is serious about the integration...





 





associate degree


associate degree in leadership overview the associate degree in leadership is designed for students...





 





dual enrollment


we know preparing for college is important to you. you’ve worked hard for many years to...









resources & educational options






 





student life


the wc community enjoys coming together to put faith into action.





 





apply online


it's easy! apply online by selecting the appropriate application.





 





degree completion


you can transfer or finish what you started!





 





audit classes


for enjoyment, self-enrichment or academic exploration.





 





study in israel, turkey & greece


experience israel, turkey & greece through biblical study trips & classes.















our learning philosophy at williamson college, we’re passionate about the kind of learning that inspires the student to think of their personal contribution beyond the classroom. we value a community where questions are valued and service is esteemed. we’re about building higher learning—around real life—and giving you the wingspan you need to succeed.

 


contact 274 mallory station road
franklin, tennessee 37067
506 legacy drive
smyrna, tn 37167
phone: (615) 771-7821
email: info@williamsoncc.edu

 


follow us 


quick linksapply online
academics
about
williamson college and motlow state community college
 








copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.



designed by wplook studio
































