



	hotpaella.com - spanish food and paella pans from hotpaella.com
































spanish food and paella pans from hotpaella.com

paella supplies
gourmet foods
artisan ceramics
cookware
great gifts
sales & specials



need help?  call us at (888) 377-2622



sign in

|  
help| 
order tracking| 
cart


0 products


$0.00





search









free recipes >
articles on spain >


customer service >


























hotpaella.com is your exclusive resource for spanish paella pans, pallero gas burners, paella rice, and gourmet paella ingredients! we are please to feature authentic products that are crafted with care and 100% made in spain, the birthplace of paella itself!
view details »










    

traditional

paella supplies

hotpaella.com is your exclusive resource for spanish paella pans, pallero gas burners, paella rice, and gourmet paella ingredients! we are pleased to feature authentic products that are crafted with care and 100% made in spain, the birthplace of paella itself! view details » 
 


   


certified origin

gourmet spices

harvested by hand and carefully selected to be the premier choice of the season's harvest, these spanish spices are without compare. our karkom saffron and santo domingo pimenton are the finest in the world, and their color, aroma, and flavor will truly make your recipes stand out. view details »   





 

dip into

spanish sauces

spread, dip, marinade, and drizzle these spanish essentials. perfect for any dish, these sauces and spreads are sure to add that extra pow to your food.

          view details »   


   


authentic

spanish chorizo

view our impressive selection of authentic spanish chorizo. our favorite is the dry-cured palacios mild, it is perfect for slicing and serving as tapas, but is so versatile, that it is a wonderful addition to paella as well.  we offer over 25 types of chorizo and embutidos. view details »   


   


imported spanish

jamon serrano

the jewel of spanish cuisine, jamon serrano is a delicacy like no other.  sliced thin and served as tapas, along side manchego cheese, marcona almonds, and chorizo, no gathering would be complete without this tasty treat. view details »   


«


1
2
3
4
5


»








paella pans & supplies
spanish food
ceramics & décor
cookware
great gifts
sales & specials














your source for imported spanishpaella pans, burners, olives, bomba rice, chorizo, cazuelas, rabitos, almonds, saffron, and more...





artisan quince membrillo
the perfect accompaniment to cheese  >


























squid ink - tinta de calamar 4 pack
perfect for 'arroz negro'. 50% off!  >

































clay cookwaremore durable than any other  >






























customer comment:   i am very impressed with the packing, speedy delivery etc. just great customer service!
~dennis from arizona    read more >>  















the flavor of spain newsletter
get free recipes, coupons and exclusive offers by email



we never give out your email.

 


                 









shop
customer service
about hotpaella 



home
wholesale sales
site map
 


contact us
shipping & delivery
returns & exchanges
email unsubscribe


about us
terms & conditions
privacy & security












