







sail bag lady — we can make your dreams fly



































sail bag ladywe can make your dreams fly 155 boston post road
madison, ct 06413
203-245-8238 / bettinabraisted@gmail.com

menuhome
about
flags
gallery
process & create
order & contact
cruising club of america
home
about
flags
gallery
process & create
order & contact
cruising club of america





you’ll find our flags in some out-of-this-world spots, like aboard the space shuttle endeavor with commander mark kelly. see more.
want to see pulses rise before the race even starts? fly a custom battle flag. see more.
flagmaker. sailor. business owner. bettina’s favorite job? helping people make their dreams fly. read more.
be you a sailor, salesman or celebrant, the sailbag lady can make you a custom flag or banner both meaningful and memorable. read more.









we specialize in one-of-a-kind, personalized custom flags and banners for over 40 years, bettina braisted and her staff have been handcrafting high quality flags and
banners that are creative, unique, and often a lot of fun. in 1982 bettina turned up at the
norwalk boat show with a sketchpad, her one year old son, and a mission to make dreams fly.
with an olympic sailing father and her mother’s treasured sewing skills, making custom boat
flags was a creative, easy fit. and, she was dedicated to customer service and satisfaction. a
sailboat owner herself with a captain’s license, she is quite familiar with the boating trade and
its particulars, like size and placement of flags on a boat.
over time, boaters spread the word about the sailbag lady, hiring her to make custom banners
for lots of other special occasions, like graduations and weddings, as well as business and
college banners and flags.
proof of the intergalactic appeal of the sailbag lady came in december of 2001, when she
produced a 2’x3’ flag that flew aboard the space shuttle endeavour. the sailbag lady has
become the go-to resource for creative, high quality, custom-made flags. bettina can really
make your dreams fly!
 
explore our site, gain some inspiration and then let us know what we can create together.

flag of the month3 generations of cote share this flag.june 5, 2014











newseverybody ready? we are. go hillary!  … read more »shea family crest. shea’s first arrived in the usa in 1678. what a great christmas gift. … read more »first leg of the sorc – miami to nassau. bet cap’n ed will be wearing a pair of his great ocean racing sunglasses  … read more »






stay in touch! would you like to be updated on the latest flag we’ve created?  interested in joining our mailing list?  or do you have a question or suggestion?  shoot us an email and let us know.  


name* email

message/question
 








δ











our partners

view all »





green wheel



crab



sunset lake



z



morgan cup



h



rwa  tap into safety



eagle



winged horse



boston strong








pages
home
about
flags
gallery
process & create
order & contact
cruising club of america

cruising club of america
members click here to order burgees.

contact
the sailbag lady
155 boston post road,
madison ct 06443
phone/fax: 203-245-8238
e-mail: bettinabraisted@gmail.com


 all flags proudly made in america

copyright © 2025 sail bag lady on genesis framework · wordpress · log intop
































