






marconi manor at islip – "let us create your next memory"






























631 581-2723
marconimanor@aol.com


reviews
vendors
partner locations
 












home
about us
inclusive weddings

silver wedding
gold wedding
additional desserts


cocktail hour

cocktail hour menus
cocktail stations


sit down dinners
special occasions
buffets

buffet types
buffet entrée options


brunches
catering

off premise catering
mobile catering


gallery
contact

contact email form
map and directions


 


select page


  
 
 












marconi manorof islip
creating memories since 1963
let us create your next memory…

marconi manor hosts all types of affairs







about us
marconi manor of islip is proudly owned and operated by mastrantonio caterers llc, and is long island’s premiere venue for weddings, corporate events, sweet sixteens, and social gatherings.
their attention to detail and sophisticated surroundings make every affair hosted here a dream come true.
the mastrantonio family has been serving long island for over 50 years with the finest in gourmet catering at affordable prices.
tony mastrantonio founded the company in the early 1960′s, catering out of his restaurant and lounge, “the bayview house” in massapequa. through the years he was able to build many great relationships across the island, making every customer feel like they were more of a friend than a business relation. many people have their own fond memories of dealing with “tony the caterer.”
the mastrantonio family continues to do business today by the example set by their patriarch. they feel that every customer has made them a part of a special day in their lives and they want each and every member of their extended family to know how much they mean to them.





marconi manor tailors your affair to fit your individual taste and needs. nobody can beat our combination of elegant service, professionalism, and affordability.

we strive to make your special day memorable

“let us create your next memory”















love





our event specialist team has you covered!
we are with you every step of the way to make your special day perfect!
and to complete your perfect affair we have a list of our preferred vendors.some packages include these services.
contact one of our event specialist to help customize your celebration.





entertainment
video
photography



flowers
makeup artists
limousines





view our vendors

marconi’s extensive experience coordinating parties both large and small makes the marconi manor the ideal location to hold your private function. 
food is especially prepared for the most discriminated palate. marconi manor delivers fresh, chef-prepared meals, using the best of ingredients coupled with a warm and attentive service team that will cater to you and your guests’ every need.















marconi manor hosts  all  types of  events
from weddings, anniversaries, birthdays to graduation parties, christening or corporate events… and more
marconi manor specializes to make your occasion stand out from the rest.











wedding packages
every couple has a unique vision of their special day, from the ceremony to the reception. here at marconi manor our experienced event specialists understands and values the memories you want to cherish and will guide you every step of the way ensuring no detail is overlooked.
marconi  manor offers many packages to choose from and can be customized to suit your needs and budget. 

view wedding packages here



special occasion packages
whether its a birthday, sweet 16, quinceañera, retirement, bar / bat mitzvah,  anniversary, bridal or baby shower, a communion or any other special event we can customize any package to fit your needs and budget.
marconi manor also specializes in theme parties to make your occasion stand out from the rest.

view special occasion packages here



off premise packages
let us bring the same delicious cuisine and exceptional service that our clients have enjoyed for years to you!
our team of highly trained professionals will help you make any event a smashing success.
our premium service can be simple or elaborate depending on your needs. we are there from start to finish making sure everything is flawless and you a “guest” at your own event. many menus to choose from. let us host your next affair.

view off premise packages here





brunch packages
marconi manor brunch packages give you an affordable option for that early sunday affair.
perfect for that bridal shower, communion or christening celebration, retirement or any other special occasion.

view brunch packages here



buffet types & options 
marconi manor buffet is the most popular choice. we offer delicious buffet menus to choose from or you can customize your menu from over 100 choices to provide a feast that has something for everybody.

view buffet menus here



mobile catering packages
from cassic backyard bbqs and cook outs to luaus and pig roasts, and everything in between. it’s the perfect compliment to any corporate event, block party or street festival. 

view mobile catering packages here







photo gallery

full gallery



celebrate



















read  what others say about us
the mastrantonio family has been creating memories for over fifty years.
with sincere thanks and warm wishes it was a pleasure to serve the many who have walked through our doors.
we look forward to making your event as you envisioned it and making it a most memorable event in your life.









“my husband and i had our wedding here in november and it was fabulous. from the food to the staff, atmosphere and everything in between was amazing. people still are talking about our wedding! highly recommend this venue.”

mary f…  







i had my daughter sweet sixteen everything was just perfect. i would definitely highly recommend this place.

– felicia m … 





i had my daughters shower today, i couldn’t have been happier. this place was amazing and so was everyone who worked there. i could not have asked for more. food was delicious service was excellent they could not have been more accommodating right down to helping the bridal party with balloons. so super nice i look forward to have more events at marconi manor!

laura x… 







it’s going to be perfect!
let’s us create your next memory!

click here to contact us



 











facebook




instagram


2021-2025 copyright: all rights reserved... mastrantonio caterers, llc  telephone: 631 581-2723... 
webmaster: high 5 productions 




















