





fox 4 news dallas-fort worth










   fox 4 news dallas-fort worth livenewsweathergood daysportslatest episodesvote more    watch live expand / collapse search ☰ search site    news local newstexasnationalworldpoliticsconsumerbusinesshealthfox news sundayweather forecastclosingsallergiesalmanacrainfall totalsfox weathersports cowboysrangersmavericksstarsfc dallaswingscollegeshigh schoolgood day links from on airbirthdaysrecipestrafficentertainmentthings to dosave me stevelatest episodes watch livethe tenlast call with steve noviellotexas: the issue istrackdownwho cares!?dztvthe mom gamethe tex factortexas to-do listhere's to youabout us contact usanchors and reportersstation historyfaqhow to streamwork for ustv listingsfcc public filefcc applicationskdfi / more 27brand spotlightregional news houston news - fox 26 houstonaustin news - fox 7 austin river flood warning  is in effect, anderson county, anderson county      
      top stories
           fatal fiery crash on i-20 after semi, vehicle go over bridge a semi-truck and a second vehicle crashed around 1:30 a.m. on i-20 near the south central expressway on sunday. because of the fiery crash, all eastbound traffic on i-20 is shut down at bonne view road. traffic is being diverted to side streets.        gun barrel city police arrest armed man wearing ballistic vest at walmart         arlington teacher’s aide arrested in child abuse probe was also church youth pastor         dove release, vigil held for 14-year-old killed in mckinney hit-and-run         hood county murder suspect on-the-run, 3 others arrested         irving police's search for double shooting suspect led to shelter in place         melissa isd employee fired after 'inappropriate' communication with student         dallas weather: warm saturday before temps tumble. will we see ice next week?         fort worth serial robbery suspect accused of targeting 24 businesses across the city         texas man mouths two words to family of victims before execution         massage parlor shut down in fort worth for illegal activity, unlicensed workers         arlington charter school principal, teachers arrested in child abuse investigation         texas measles outbreak 2025: dozens of cases reported in last 3 weeks         atm theft suspects from houston arrested in fort worth         spas operating as 'sexually oriented businesses' in trophy club, dallas closed     dallas partly cloudy 35°  h: 48° l: 30° powered by 
          download fox local
                
        weather forecast
       view more     video  dallas weather: your feb. 16 morning forecast   
      latest videos
          video  i-20 near south central expressway closed due to fiery crash       video  family, friends remember 14-year-old killed in mckinney       video  dove release, vigil held for 14-year-old in mckinney       video  fox 4 news crime files: week of feb. 9       video  va is latest dept to face budget cuts under trump   
        latest episodes
       view more     video  couple's trivia and v-day festivities | the ten       video  haralabos voulgaris (part 2) | dztv         
        national news
       view more       president donald trump will be at nascar daytona 500: here's when the president arrives         irs may lay off thousands of workers in the middle of tax season         what's open and closed on presidents' day 2025         nascar daytona 500: how to watch, how to stream 'great american race' on sunday         2 women shot after fight near eagles super bowl parade; 1 man charged         va is latest department to face budget cuts amid trump's cost-cutting mission         poll: increasing number of democrats say party should become more moderate         trump signs executive order to block federal money for schools with covid-19 vaccine mandates         woman who accused jay-z and diddy of raping her when she was 13 withdraws lawsuit         trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house      local news view more         fatal fiery crash on i-20 after semi, vehicle go over bridge a semi-truck and a second vehicle crashed around 1:30 a.m. on i-20 near the south central expressway on sunday. because of the fiery crash, all eastbound traffic on i-20 is shut down at bonne view road. traffic is being diverted to side streets.         dove release, vigil held for 14-year-old killed in mckinney hit-and-run       harris county crime spree: uncle, nephew among four arrested for jewelry store robberies, sheriff says          melissa isd employee fired after 'inappropriate' communication with student          hood county murder suspect on-the-run, 3 others arrested          dallas weather: warm saturday before temps tumble. will we see ice next week?   sports view more         cowboys still 'america's team?' pa gov. josh shapiro thinks it's the eagles pennsylvania gov. josh shapiro suggested the philadelphia eagles take over the nickname "america's team" from the dallas cowboys.         dallas isd's carter high school girls' swim team celebrates historic victory          signs, shirts at mavs games will no longer lead to automatic ejection: sources       mshsl's transgender athlete policy under investigation by us department of education          smu students chant 'fire nico' at dallas mavericks gm          trump admin asks ncaa, high schools to erase records set by transgender athletes   texas view more         gun barrel city police arrest armed man wearing ballistic vest at walmart the gun barrel city police arrested an armed 22-year-old man at walmart on saturday evening. the man is accused of threatening to “shoot up the store," police said.         texas measles outbreak 2025: dozens of cases reported in last 3 weeks          texas man mouths two words to family of victims before execution          texas lawmakers want to establish a bitcoin reserve, what is it?          ercot's latest projections show potential problems for texas power grid by 2027          texas senate sends $140k homestead exemption bill to the house for approval   national view more         president donald trump will be at nascar daytona 500: here's when the president arrives it's official: president donald trump will be at nascar's daytona 500 on sunday in florida. it is the second time trump, as president, has attended “the great american race." he last attended in 2020, shortly after he was inaugurated as the 45th president of the united states.         what's open and closed on presidents' day 2025          nascar daytona 500: how to watch, how to stream 'great american race' on sunday       2 women shot after fight near eagles super bowl parade; 1 man charged          trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house          deadly dc crash: helicopter crew may not have heard critical instructions   politics view more         irs may lay off thousands of workers in the middle of tax season the irs will lay off thousands of probationary workers in the middle of tax season, according to two sources familiar with the agency’s plans, and cuts could come as soon as this week. february 16, 2025 8:33am cst        va is latest department to face budget cuts amid trump's cost-cutting mission  february 14, 2025 9:27pm cst        poll: increasing number of democrats say party should become more moderate  february 14, 2025 8:57pm cst        trump signs executive order to block federal money for schools with covid-19 vaccine mandates  february 14, 2025 7:48pm cst        texas judge fines ny doctor $100k for prescribing abortion pills to collin county woman  february 14, 2025 1:01pm cst        states with abortion bans saw increase in infant mortality rates, study finds  february 14, 2025 11:14am cst money view more         man who lost bitcoin hard drive worth millions offers to buy waste dump site james howells has been in a decades-long battle with local officials to gain access to the landfill to look for the lost bitcoin hard drive.         irs may lay off thousands of workers in the middle of tax season          man who lost bitcoin hard drive worth millions offers to buy waste dump site          live updates: trump hosts india's pm after increasing us tariffs       irs tax refund schedule 2025: what you need to know          nyse texas to be headquartered in dallas   consumer view more         what's open and closed on presidents' day 2025 here's what is open and closed on presidents day, monday, feb. 17 - the day the nation commemorates all u.s. presidents, past and present.         starbucks locations ditch plastic cups in some states—here’s where and why          mystery seed packets: frisco resident's address fraudulently used as return address on packages          map: us states where people spend the most and least on groceries          cvs to close 270 more stores in 2025          what does it take to raise my own backyard chickens?   viral & unusual view more         trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house president donald trump has prominently displayed a framed copy of a tabloid newspaper featuring his mug shot on the cover in a room adjacent to the oval office.         valentine's day vows: dallas couple renews vows on 65th wedding anniversary          watch: kayaker gets swallowed by whale – briefly       video   here's to you: outlook at windhaven volunteers       eagles wide receiver a.j. brown visits 10-year-old philly plane crash survivor in hospital          watch: emotional reunion as stolen dog returns home after over 7 years   good day view more      video   i-20 near south central expressway closed due to fiery crash a semi-truck and a second vehicle crashed around 1:30 a.m. on i-20 near south central expressway on sunday. deputies with dallas county sheriff say the semi and vehicle crashed and went over the bridge and landed on a trailer parked under the bridge. the vehicles caught fire. at last check, one person died in the crash.      video   pet of the day: little debbie       video   world's largest circus with world's smallest person       video   good day birthdays for feb. 14       video   hollis hudler's train-tastic dad joke       video   don's purrr-fect dad joke   latest episodes view more      video   couple's trivia and v-day festivities | the ten on the friday, feb. 14, 2025 episode of the ten, hanna battah and steve noviello talk all things valentine's day with the bachelor's sean and catherine lowe. 3 couples participate in valentine's day couples trivia with the bachelor winners, hanna along with her husband kevin, and chip waggoner with his wife wendy. plus, a lip print analysis from deborah coleen rose and 'baked by bri' shows us tips and tricks while making valentine's day treats.      video   haralabos voulgaris (part 2) | dztv       video   are wound-shaped chocolates too far?       video   haralabos voulgaris on luka trade | dztv       video   luka doncic trade, schottenheimer hire | afterthought       video   happy galentine's day | the ten   entertainment view more      woman who accused jay-z and diddy of raping her when she was 13 withdraws lawsuit jay-z, who strongly denied the claims, celebrated the lawsuit's withdrawal, calling it “a victory." he described the allegations as "frivolous, fictitious, and appalling."      video   'the floor' contestant's experience on new trivia show          real housewives' star teddi mellencamp hospitalized with multiple tumors on her brain          'dazed and confused' home in austin up for sale          ‘the masked singer’: honey pot revealed as comedian in season 13 premiere          trump takes over kennedy center, replaces board with loyalists     trending now      deadly u.s. plane crashes in 2025: timeline      what does it take to raise my own backyard chickens?      arlington charter school principal, teachers arrested in child abuse investigation      dallas veteran was pilot killed in arizona plane crash involving singer vince neil's jet      atm theft suspects from houston arrested in fort worth       news local newstexasnationalworldpoliticsconsumerbusinesshealthfox news sundayweather forecastclosingsallergiesalmanacrainfall totalsfox weathersports cowboysrangersmavericksstarsfc dallaswingscollegeshigh schoolgood day links from on airbirthdaysrecipestrafficentertainmentthings to dosave me stevelatest episodes watch livethe tenlast call with steve noviellotexas: the issue istrackdownwho cares!?dztvthe mom gamethe tex factortexas to-do listhere's to youabout us contact usanchors and reportersstation historyfaqhow to streamwork for ustv listingsfcc public filefcc applicationskdfi / more 27brand spotlightregional news houston news - fox 26 houstonaustin news - fox 7 austin facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubeemail  about usnew privacy policyupdated terms of useyour privacy choicesfcc public fileeeo public fileclosed captioningcontests this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 fox television stations



