











alan l. joseph hudson valley attorney lawyer orange county




























































		skip to content








 





menu


menu




about usmenu toggle

about us
client testimonials
video-conference advice


criminal defense
commercial law
real estate attorneymenu toggle

real estate attorney
things to know if buying or selling your home​


testimonials

contact us 
 

 
 







 









virtual consultation
virtual consultations are available. click to learn more.

×
dismiss this alert.



















criminal defense - commercial law - real estate 











a hudson valley attorney with over four decades of experience with law.if you are in need of legal advice the law office of alan joseph serves areas in orange, rockland, sullivan, ulster and dutchess counties 











845-294-1100 











261 greenwich avenue 
goshen, new york
 














contact us



















call for a free consultation845-294-1100 






















a hudson valley attorney providing high-quality legal advice and advocacy in the following practice areas 





























						criminal defense					

















						commercial law					

















						real estate					





























over 42 years experience serving the hudson valley  



an accomplished trial lawyer who knows how to get results 



							whatever legal issue you face, i will handle it with the utmost care and attention to detail. i offer
personalized, attentive service and will keep you up-to- date on all developments in your case.						








 photo by sally sosler photography











































areas of practice 















criminal 



drug  and narcotics crimesviolent crimestheft and shoplifting crimesspeeding and traffic ticketsdwi/dui defense 







commercial 



business formationllc’s, corporations, partnershipsbusiness contractsshareholder agreementsbuy/sell agreementsrisk managementcommercial litigation 







real estate 



residential and commercial purchasesrefinancescontract and lease preparationand reviewclosingsreal estate litigation 















a member of 











8.1alan lloyd joseph 








 









 










 
alan l. joseph, esq. has received the highest “av preeminent rating” by martindale-hubbell.













 










 







 

about us
	whatever legal issue you face, i will handle it with the utmost care and attention to detail. i offer personalized, attentive service and will keep you up-to- date on all developments in your case.

read more
 

areas of practicecriminal defense

commercial law

real estate
 

contact details
261 greenwich avenue
goshen, ny 10924 
phone: 845-294-1100 
fax: 845-294-1447 
email us
map

contact us
 









						copyright © 2025 law office of alan l. joseph 




































