




home 2024-2025 | chamber music columbus




























 


































skip to content






menu






home
about

  welcome
what is chamber music
board of trustees
library


concerts
tickets

the venue
faq


giving
contact
photos
 


close




























our 2024~2025 season 

 






















	mnozil brass    

	saturday, march 8, 2025 at 7pm    






mnozil brass, an austrian brass septet celebrated for their quirky and highly entertaining performances with sketch-like comedic components, reminds audiences worldwide that great virtuosic playing doesn’t always have to be serious. all founding members graduated from the vienna college of music, and met while playing at a local pub called mnozil. touring regularly around the world for over 20 years, the ensemble is often popularly referred to as “the monty python of the musical world.”more info & program » 





buy tickets















 











	ariel quartet    

	saturday, may 3, 2025 at 7pm    






formed when the musicians were just teenagers, the ariel quartet is now entering their 26th season with recent highlights including a sold-out carnegie hall debut and the release of a brahms and bartók album. this special program called “ancestral voices” will include matan porat’s four ladino songs, franz schubert’s string quartet no. 14 “death and the maiden,” and a world premiere by local composer dr. ching-chu hu commissioned by longtime chamber music columbus supporters richard and yvonne burry. cellist amit even-tov performs on the cello that yvonne burry’s mother, margot, brought with her when she escaped nazi germany, surviving the holocaust.
more info & program » 





buy tickets












 



 




























 




 visit our online library







from information about the art of chamber music to e-books about the history of chamber music columbus find it all here. 

 




















sign up for our e-news today!be the first to hear about concerts, season announcements, fundraisers, and more! 







sign up today!












 














facebook 



chamber music columbus
 

 3 days ago 







		celebrate the 77th season of chamber music columbus with mnozil brass on saturday, march 8th at 7:00pm at the southern theatre. purchase your tickets today! www.chambermusiccolumbus.org/meet leonhard paul!leonhard was born in mödling near vienna and is the first musician his family has ever produced. (though there was a grandfather who earned his money as a painter, and whose pictures hang in every other house in the better parts of vienna!) recently, the other members of the band have started to get a little concerned about him, because he seems to have taken a liking to shady characters on stage. everyone wants to play the hero, but leonhard likes roles that show the darker side of man. no one knows exactly what's going on in his head!			
... see moresee less



photo	


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email









chamber music columbus
 

 5 days ago 







		mnozil brass takes the southern theatre stage on saturday, march 8th at 7:00pm as a part of the 77th season of chamber music columbus. purchase your tickets today! www.chambermusiccolumbus.orgmeet roman rindberger! roman was born into a musical family and played folk music as a youngster with his father and two brothers. his father hans, in turn, would meet up with gerhard füßl’s father franz because the families lived nearby. roman loves technical passages, and renders them with the precision of a swiss clock-maker. and he even knows how the instruments work! if anyone wants to know more about brass music, roman is the man for you. on stage, his character is the latin lover.			
... see moresee less



photo	


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email











 

instagram











cmcolumbus
chamber music columbus presents the finest artists and ensembles from around the world to our columbus, ohio audience.








thank you for joining chamber music columbus for t


 





today is the day! don't miss catalyst quartet live






catalyst quartet takes the southern theatre stage 






don't miss the final three performances of chamber






catalyst quartet and jordan bak perform on saturda






catalyst quartet and jordan bak perform on saturda






catalyst quartet and jordan bak perform on saturda






catalyst quartet and jordan bak perform on saturda
 





listen to catalyst quartet and jordan bak perform 
 


 


load more






 follow on instagram






 

contact chamber music columbus:
tel. (614) 267-2267
info@cmcolumbus.org

make a donation of any amount to chamber music columbus »
 

sign upsign up to get your chamber music columbus news and performance dates delivered to your inbox.



 


@ chamber music columbus | all rights reserved | (614) 267-2267 | info@cmcolumbus.org privacy policy









 













 








 

back to top





