









home - public advocates























































skip to content

accessibility tools

















who we arehistorymission & visionpeopleour supportersour workeducation equityk-12 educationhigher educationhousing justicetransit justiceclimate justicestatewide advocacycampaignsresourcesnews & mediaget involvedvoices of conscience fundcy prescareersdonate




search





















who we arehistorymission & visionpeopleour supportersour workeducation equityk-12 educationhigher educationhousing justicetransit justiceclimate justicestatewide advocacycampaignsresourcesnews & mediaget involvedvoices of conscience fundcy prescareersdonate




search

















making
rights 
real.
public advocates has been on the front lines of the struggle for social justice for over 50 years, focusing our distinctive blend of policy, legal advocacy, and community partnership on the root causes and effects of poverty and discrimination—and expanding rights and opportunities for low-income people, people of color and immigrants.
our work





featured media




edsource commentary: how to resist trump’s order imposing classroom censorship and discrimination 
february 4, 2025—one concerning executive order that was published this week could lead to a ban on teaching about slavery, segregation, redlining, voter suppression and …  
read more





workers and riders unite: bus schedules by and for humans
“… we are not machines. we’re human beings, and we have needs.” lisa, an ac transit operator, shared this powerful statement with the ac transit …  
read more





news from the states: find out which lobbying groups get their way most often in the california legislature
june 12 2024–government, politics and economy reporter ryan sabalow writes about key findings from a data analysis conducted by news organization calmatters for their digital …  
read more



view all media





who we are
public advocates inc. is a nonprofit law firm and advocacy organization that challenges the systemic causes of poverty and racial discrimination by strengthening community voices in public policy and achieving tangible legal victories advancing education, housing, transportation equity, and climate justice.











our work 




education equity
an education system built for all of us
ensuring that every californian receives a quality education that will prepare them for college, careers, and the future–in an educational environment that is a place of belonging, joy, and curiosity.
learn more





housing justice
the rights you enjoy shouldn’t depend on your zip code
making sure that every californian has a healthy, affordable place to live, and that our communities are places for people to thrive, not playgrounds for the wealthy to extract profit.
learn more





transit justice
investing in the transportation needs of low-income communities of color
meeting the needs of low-income communities by fighting for increased funding to operate more public transit service for low-income riders and improved working conditions for bus operators.
learn more





climate justice
we believe it’s time to create a more just, livable world with healthy communities.
advancing social equity and environmental justice goals in metropolitan regions throughout the state and combating poverty and pollution by securing state funding for affordable housing, public transportation, and other investments that address unmet needs in low-income communities.
learn more








thank you!
this work is not possible without the generous support of our donors. thank you for making rights real for all californians.





$10,000+


munger, tolles & olson llp




 $9,999 – $5,000


arnold & portercovington & burling llpkeker, van nest & peters llpwilson sonsini




$4,999 – $1,000


beveridge & diamond pccoblentz patch duffy & bass llphewlett-packardklein hornig llprosen bien galvan & grunfeld llp



 
view all donors









corporate donors




 










support us
help us fight for social justice

together, we will ensure that our movement can take on tomorrow’s challenges.
donate



newsletter
sign up
get the latest news from us in your inbox.
email address

email* *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from public advocates. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact











donate


who we areour workget involveddonate
resourcescontact uscareers


newsletter sign up

email* *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from public advocates. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact

our financials: form 990 | audited financial statements




youtube
tiktok
x
instagram
facebook
linkedin









© 2025 public advocates. all rights reserved. terms of use | privacy policy
public advocates is a 501(c)(3) non profit organization ein # 23-7103042






























