






brian kurtz trucking - home
































(800) 265-2835 | employee login




						about us
					



						services
					



						careers
					



						contact us
					



						resources
					













						freight quote
					









				living for the road since 1980
			

trucking since the end of disco
we started with one truck and one broker and now have a fleet of 65 trucks and 130 trailers. our success comes from the solid relationships we’ve built with our customers and our drivers.

					our story
				










quality service
"just today we had a call from one of our dealers to say our trucking company was the best, with fast delivery and courteous service!"
elmira stove works





professional drivers
"i would like to take a moment to tell you what professional drivers you have driving for you. it is obvious that your company is doing something right and should be commended on the selection of your drivers."
shaugnessy crane





customer driven
"i am writing this letter to show my appreciation for the excellent service that your company has provided for myself and our customers. i am very happy with the relationship that we have built and hope to continue to grow together"
daily motor freight







a truckload of services




 truckload



ltl



tailgate delivery



temperature controlled



hazmat\tdg



dedicated






resources to keep on trucking
at kurtz, we treat our customers as partners, and our drivers as family. whichever seat you're in, we have everything you need to get you started and keep you rolling.






roll with us
want to be part of our team? check out our current opportunities, competitive pay and benefits package, and find out why drivers love trucking with us.


careers
resources





ship with us
shipping with kurtz, you get the fast and courteous service you’re looking for, as well as a strong relationship with a solid team. find out why companies throughout the country trust us to deliver the goods.


quote
resources















contact us















please fill in all required fields, including the captcha.
please enter a valid email address.
send













brian kurtz trucking ltd.

						6960 speedvale ave. west
breslau, ontario n0b 1m0 canada
					

toll free: (800) 265-2835
phone: (519) 836-5821
fax: (519) 836-2488 
					




about us
services
careers




resources
freight quote
































copyright © 2025 brian kurtz trucking ltd. all rights reserved.

  terms of website | 

contact us
























