

















 
nzaero home : nzaero






















 technical publications
contact us



























companyvisionprofilehistorynew zealand aviationcareersposition vacancieshelpful relocation linkscontactsaircraftsuperpac 750xl-ii750xldevelopment historyspecificationscertificationmultimediae-350 expeditioncrescodescriptiondevelopment historyspecificationsmultimediact-4 airtrainerdescriptiondevelopment historyspecificationsmultimediaheritage aircraftfletcher fu-24fletcher fu-25 defendersalesnew aircraftused aircraftengineering servicesservice & supportmaintenance facilitieswarranty & technical supportspare partsaircraft on groundnew mods & productsforms & documentstechnical publicationssuppliersmedia centrevideoimage galleryp-750 xstolcrescoct-4 airtrainerbrochurespress releases & newslinks of interestarticles



























superpac
–
landing
possibilities,
anywhere


superpac 750xl-ii









cresco
-
champion
of
profitability


cresco









e350
–
the
king
of
payload
and
performace


e-350 expedition









ct4
–
outperforms
all
others


ct-4 airtrainer








we’re nzaero. we design and hand-build aircraft that perform where others can’t, fly where others won’t, do what others don’t.
our versatile yet specialised equipment enables pilots to operate (safely) in extreme environments and difficult terrain. our aircraft are capable, durable and easy to maintain, for more productive hours in the air.
we manufacture our own parts and provide exceptional service support for a loyal global customer base who couldn’t imagine flying anything else.
we’re pleased you landed here!


what sets us apart




crafted to endure


rugged, reliable and unique.
we design, engineer and hand-craft exceptional aircraft and parts with unmatched durability. premium materials are machined and hand-crafted by a highly skilled team of technicians. our planes are built to go where others can’t, and perform reliably for decades.





bespoke service


people make the difference.
of course, we use technology like cnc to ensure precision and accuracy. but it’s the skill of our technicians and their meticulous attention to detail that give nzaero the quality edge.






nz’s aviation pioneers


new zealand’s aviation innovators
over 70 years we’ve clocked up some impressive firsts. we assembled the first dedicated agricultural aircraft, then designed an even better one. we developed the first aircraft able to lift more than it weighs. we gave the world the first xstol utility aircraft. we continue to innovate and push the boundaries of operational possibilities.








people say the nicest things!
thanks everyone, it means a lot.








no other manufacturer has an aircraft that can do as much
andy stevenson, kiwi air, nz








i always fly the flag for the 750xl, our aircraft will be 20 years old in june and still going strong
mike carruthers, skydive northwest, uk








easy to maintain and easy on the pocket
andy stevenson, kiwi air, nz
 





featured news




celebrating 75 years of aerowork
09/12/2024december 7 marked a significant occasion as aerowork celebrated 75 years of aircraft innovation in hamilton. nzaero was proud to be part of this milestone, with a symbolic flight from hamilton to wanganui, carrying nzaero leadership—a tribute to the long-standing legacy of aircraft built in hamilton.
read more






jack cleaver-marshall wins the michael j. neville/boeing airplane company award
01/11/2024at nzaero, we pride ourselves on fostering talent, encouraging innovation, and supporting the professional growth of our team members. today, we are delighted to share the incredible news that jack cleaver-marshall, a valued member of our team, has been awarded the michael j. neville/boeing airplane company award.
read more






pm’s southeast asia visit set to boost exports of nz’s rainmaking aircraft
15/04/2024a new government-led mission to southeast asia could provide a $37 million boost to new zealand’s aeronautical industry, according to an industry expert.
read more


featured videos



further, faster, higher. introducing the new 750xl-ii superpac





world's first xstol just got better!





it's the 4x4 of the skies


your vision becomes ours, too. we’re not just a manufacturer, we’re a collaborator.
talk to us today













companyvisionprofilehistorynew zealand aviationcareerscontactsaircraftsuperpac 750xl-ii750xle-350 expeditioncrescoct-4 airtrainerheritage aircraftsalesnew aircraftused aircraftengineering servicesservice & supportmaintenance facilitieswarranty & technical supportspare partsaircraft on groundnew mods & productsforms & documentssuppliersmedia centrevideoimage gallerybrochurespress releases & newslinks of interestarticles



























2025 © all rights reserved.





















