















home | relate

















            skip to main content
        























chat with us
we can help you with pressing concerns that are affecting your relationships - with a partner, a child, a family member or friend



find and contact your local centre



back

book a 30 minute online chat or telephone call
speaking with one of our trained relationship counsellors costs £30
we can help you with pressing concerns that are affecting your relationships - with a partner, a child, a family member or friend
book now
message with a counsellor
write to a counsellor about any relationship issue that’s worrying you, and get expert help in writing to support you and help you to make positive changes
start now



relate has local centres across the uk. the services each centre provides vary because each centre tailors their services - such as couples counselling, sex therapy and counselling for children and young people - to the needs of their local community.
if you live in scotland, please contact our sister organisation relationships scotland at www.relationships-scotland.org.uk.



















 



















generated with avocode.lineline copyline copy 2
















main navigation


get help


which service is right for you?


relationship toolkits


tools for parents


self help for relationships


find your local relate








what we do


counselling


free counselling


relationship counselling


individual counselling


sex therapy


family counselling


young people's counselling


children's counselling


initial assessments


our fees explained


client agreement


practitioner support








mediation


training


support for professionals


workplace relationship support


for the public sector


for the voluntary sector








chatbot & tools for parents


work with the nhs








about us


our people


media centre


media contacts


press releases


annual reports


news & blogs








faqs


terms and conditions


privacy and cookie policy


gdpr statement








services feedback








complaints


impact & stories


policy & campaigning


our campaigns


the relationships alliance


publications


research & evaluation


consultation responses








our strategy


our history














support us


donate


shop with us


work for us


jobs


volunteer in our centres


become a trustee





















find your relate centre









user account menu


log in



















 















i want to transform my relationship...



my child is struggling to cope with our divorce...
i want to communicate better...
how do i tell my girlfriend i cheated?

we can relate

chat with us






get started






















 



whether it’s your relationship with a partner, a child, a family member or anyone else -  we help everyone to build better relationships















image
 






talk to a counsellor


book a 25-minute call with a counsellor, who will provide a safe, non-judgmental space for you to express your concerns and get advice.

book a call













image
 






one-session therapy


work through a specific issue quickly with one of our counsellors - alone or with a friend, family member or partner. delivered online, via zoom, at a time that suits you.

book an online session













image
 






book a counselling session


relate counselling is for everyone - individuals, families and couples, children and young people, from all walks of life. start your journey to better relationships with our online and in-person counselling.

find your local centre









 



we hear you. we feel you. we get where you’re coming from. so, whenever you’re ready,explore our services








 





                                    free tools for partners & parents
                                
relate's free ai powered tools are here to help you handle problems you might be facing with your partner or co-parent. share what you're going through and get answers, support, and advice to help you get through difficult situations.
explore free tools






kate
we can’t stop arguing whenever my son is staying over for the weekend



                    relatebot
                
that sounds really difficult - can you explain what happens in more detail?


kate
we clash a lot about how to discipline i think. hes a lot more strict than me











 



we are pleased to announce that relate is now part of charity, family action.relate is made up of relate (part of family action) and 26 fully independent charities who offer counselling services across significant parts of england and wales using the relate trademark. to find your local centre please scroll up the page and click on the find your nearest icon.

















our take on some common problems





  











deciding to get married



        
                    

                                                                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        deciding to get married is a big step, and this workbook is here to guide you as you think about what’s right for you and your relationship.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                                                
        
                    
        
    




  











how to manage money as a couple



        
                    

                                                                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        whether you're just starting to share finances or want to strengthen your money management skills as a team, this workbook is here to guide you every step of the way.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                                                
        
                    
        
    




  











deciding to get divorced



        
                    

                                                                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        deciding whether to get divorced is a big step, and we're here to help you think it through with this workbook.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                                                
        
                    
        
    




  











dealing with difficult friendships



        
                    

                                                                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        whether you're trying to fix a tricky friendship or understand how to handle challenges with a friend, this workbook is here to guide you every step of the way.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                                                
        
                    
        
    




  











dealing with financial stress



        
                    

                                                                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        whether you're feeling overwhelmed by money worries or just looking for ways to feel more in control, we're here to guide you every step of the way with this workbook.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                                                
        
                    
        
    













you ask, and we answer






      in our "ask ammanda" series, relate's head of clinical practice, trained relationship counsellor and sex therapist, ammanda major responds to your problems
    

i want another baby, but my partner doesn’t 
how do i handle an inappropriate colleague and move on?
i always have to apologise in arguments with my partner 
i don’t think i love my husband anymore 
i think my mum might have bpd


do you have a question to ask ammanda?
ask ammanda





























contact us
find and contact your local centrerelate at family action34 wharf roadlondonn1 7gr



reach out on social:

facebook
twitter
instagram








footer additional


faqs


terms & conditions


accessibility


privacy and cookie policy









charity website design by ie digitalfamily action charity number: 264713, company number: 01068186 (registered in england and wales). registered address: relate at family action, 34 wharf road, london, n1 7gr.

















