


home - vintage sports car club of america inc

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








menuour club join the club! volunteering & resources contacts officers & directors club history awards donate to the vscca our new website! club businessjoin us! does your car qualify? join the club! join our email list getting started vintage racing flaggingevents events - 2025 checkered flag: 2024 checkered flag: 2023 flaggingrules, forms, tech does your car qualify? rules & forms tech tipsmedia join our email list vscca newsletter vscca magazine in the news videos victory lane magazine photo albums facebook instagram youtubeshopping classifieds start page classified adssubscribe! join our email listhelp help with this website










slideshow
home rotation

so many ways to play with us!want to participate in our events? we offer several opportunities for car enthusiasts ranging from leisurely tours, to wheel-to-wheel racing, to social events. the type of car you bring depends on the event, but rest assured, there’s something for everyone and most events don’t require vscca membership.quick reference driving events (pdf) new! please refer to each event information for detailsfind your niche below.please note that car & personal safety regulations that differ depending on the type of event apply. see specific event for details.wheel-to-wheel racingvmc, scca and similar logbook cars through the early 70’s from vmc affiliated groups that meet vscca safety regulations and are equivalent to svra groups 1, 3, 4, and 5b i.e. sports and small bore production cars through early seventies and sports racing cars under 2 liters, all running on treaded tires. this would of course include cars with vscca logbooks.strict car and personal safety regulations apply.drivers need a vmc (vintage racing) license and safety gear, but if you don’t have a license, the vscca offers a race school each spring. join us!preservation track group at spring sprints & fall finalemember’s race & street cars from the prewar era through the early ‘70s. we love to see former race cars (and drivers) who may not be competing anymore, or vintage road-going sports cars that our fellow vscca members want to enjoy on track. these are “track day” events - in a group that doesn’t allow wheel-to-wheel racing and passing only on the straights. relaxed car and personal safety regulations apply. must be muffled and on treaded tires.autocrossour very popular “driven to race” event held in the spring requires only a driver’s license. any muffled car and no safety gear except a helmet if your car a roll bar. passengers allowed.hill climbsour popular mt equinox hill climb sells out early and requires safety gear, but you may find another hill climb that fits your fancy. similar to wheel-to-wheel racing requirements, but specific to the event.toursleisurely 1- or 2-day group tours along the scenic roads of the northeast. inexpensive with no timing or gimmicks. just a map, great lunch and when sleeping over, great hotels. we prefer early seventies and older cars, but allow daily drivers.so many ways to help your clubeven a small contribution will go a long way and much appreciated!marshallsmarque championsdrive group liaisonssocial media gurusmarketing managersocial activities organizersmentors for race school studentstour organizers in ct, nh, ny, pa & maand any way you think we need help.please click here to see how you can contribute!magic of monaco at the audrain﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿saturday, february 8, 2025audrain automobile museumcheckered flag - our season started with a roar!click here for a photo album by steve silverstein﻿﻿﻿ - help viewing photo albums (pdf)the vscca's first event of the year, expertly organized by rookie event chairs john oliva & kurt voss and hosted by the audrain museum, was a roaring success with 59 vscca members and guest in attendance."the food was perfect down to the last sandwich / beverage / salad / with a very few unclaimed pastries at the end."vscc membership not required. friends welcome. a fun one-day tour for classic cars.we ask for a suggested $5 donation to cover refreshments and incidentals.food and drink available for purchase.event information and registration(simple online form)﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿rhode island distiller's drivetourregistration open!﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿sunday, april 13, 2025start: "second beach" 315 sachuest point roadmiddletown, ri 02842event chair: bill shields (610) 717-8640‬ and jodi halltentative schedule:starting at 8:00 am: meet in the designated vscca area at the audrain museum cars & coffee and enjoy breakfast available for purchase. take in the wide variety of cars that attend these c&cs.10:00 am sharp: drivers meeting at location to be advised.10:15 am as sharp as possible: depart for drive.approximately 10:45, a stop for bantering, walking, and photos at beavertail state park in jamestown.approximately 11:45, continue drive through jamestown and over to the back roads of s. kingstown and charlestown.around 1:00-1:15 pm: lunch at sons of liberty spirits, 1425 kingstown road, south kingstown, ri 02879. food and drink for purchase.the tour will start with breakfast & brews at the audrain museum cars & coffee at second beach, also known as sachuest beach, located at 315 sachuest point road, middletown, ri 02842. the tour will head over newport bridge to jamestown, and down to scenic beavertail, at the southern tip of the island. from there the tour will do a loop of the northern end of jamestown and cross jamestown bridge to some fun back roads through s. kingstown and charlestown. we'll end the tour at sons of liberty spirits in south kingstown, ri where food and drink will be available for purchase. they produce amazing non-alcoholic drinks for those driving. (the vscca recommends no driving after adult beverages.) if you plan on trailering your classic to the event, please advise bill shields. the audrain museum is working on arrangements for trailer drop-offs in the newport area. we’ll get you the details when everything is finalized. the shields place (5 minutes from the sons of liberty) can take 5-6 trailers and may be most convenient if you will be heading back to ct-ny.5in2 five fantastic events in 2 days at lime rock park. don't miss anything!spring sprintsfriday & saturday, may 2-3, 2025lime rock park , lakeville, ctevent chair: ben tarlow 617-966 0950save $50 by entering by april 17th!this is a muffled event.vscca membership not required.vscca members and vmc-licensed drivers welcome.open to vscca, vmc, scca and similar logbook cars through the early 70’s and event chair's allowances.event information & registrationclick here to volunteer to work the event.our traditional opening race meeting which is open for vscca eligible cars and event chair's allowances through early '70s. it is run in conjunction with the school and lime rock drivers club.vscca vintage racing drivers’ schoolfriday & saturday, may 2-3, 2025lime rock park , lakeville, ctevent chair charles bordin 914-725-1274save $50 by entering by april 17th! vscca membership not required.anyone with a driver's license is welcome. sign up and you'll become an associate vscca member.you can bring almost any appropriate muffled car - subject to approval.event information & registrationour vintage racing drivers’ school is similar to a full-on race school with one major difference – it teaches you about vintage racing and the mind set and attitude essential to get involved.﻿if your race car isn't ready, you can bring your daily driver. you’ll have a great time and will want to return for vscca races, hill climbs and tours. the school is one of the easiest ways to get into vintage racing and with vscca approval in hand, you can participate in other vmc vintage organizations’ events across the country.driven to race autocrosssaturday afternoon, may 3rd, 2025lime rock park, lakeville, ctevent chair: kobus reyneke 201-913-2675anyone with a driver's license is welcome.vscca membership not required.bring any muffled car.no personal safety gear required except helmet if car has a roll bar.passengers allowed.event information & registrationdriven to race is a half-day, super-fun autocross event.the best way to get a taste of the track with little risk. cars are spread out and you can test the limits of your car.you’ll get about 2 hours of track time with professional instruction on the half-mile proving grounds autocross course and lap the iconic lime rock road course. two groups of 12 cars each and you can enter with just about any car. add 20 minutes of paced laps on the big track.tell your friends who have dreamed about getting out on the track!preservation at spring sprintsa vscca sporting track-day groupsaturday, may 3rd, 2025lime rock park, lakeville, ctevent chair: ben tarlow 617-966 0950 save $25 by entering by april 18th!race and road cars through the early '70s welcome. this is a muffled event.vscca members only.event information & registrationour saturday preservation track-day group has come of age. following the hugely popular showing at the 2024 fall finale, we're back with more.at least three 20-minute sessions saturday afternoon.optionally join us for the friday spring sprints warmup tour that starts and ends in the paddocks. details in another box. this tour tour is separate from preservation and requires a separate registration.short video from 2024victory lane - page 39rivers and wild tourfriday, may 2nd, 2025lime rock park, lakeville, ctevent chair: danny o'donnell ‭(860) 871-1990‬vscca membership not required. friends welcome.classic cars only please.lunch at the barrington brewery in great barringtom, maevent registration forthcoming.a fun one-day tour for classic cars, starting & ending at lime rock park. details forthcoming but planning points to this:meet in the morning in the paddocks.depart after coffee for lunch at the barrington brewery.return in the afternoon to lime rock park paddocks.tour the paddocks and enjoy watching fantastic vintage racing.join racers at the evening’s potluck dinner.wilbraham hill climbhill climbsaturday, may 10, 202526 monson road, wilbraham, maevent chair: jeff demarey (413) 531-3991‬in cooperation with the springfield to boston education foundation.vscca membership not required.vscca members and vmc-licensed drivers welcome.1970 and older cars only. subject to approval.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿event websiteevent information & registrationthe wilbraham hill climb is a re-enactment of the 1908 historic climb up wilbraham mountain, an unofficial proving ground for many of the early automobile and motorcycle manufacturers of the brass era.the 1908 event was put on by the automobile club of springfield and sanctioned by the racing board of the american automobile association. the cars were timed over a measured mile by the timing club of new york city.this is a town wide celebration that includes a car show, craft show, plant sale, food vendors and a dj.empire cuprace & track dayfriday & saturday, may 30-31, 2025lime rock park, lakeville, ctevent chair charles bordin 914-725-1274save $50 by entering by may 15th!vscca, scca and vmc cars as well as track-day cars welcome!unmuffled.vscca membership not required.event information & registrationpaper empire cup application (pdf)click here to volunteer to work the event.the empire cup will again be celebrating the sports racers of the 1950’s and 1960’s by offering a dedicated grid in this traditional vscca event. two full days of racing, plenty of unmuffled track time (at least 7 track sessions over the 2 days). this event is unmuffled and has timing and scoring using transponders. you can enter both your vscca car and a later closed wheel 1960’s – 70s race car. we will have a friday evening party.click here for 2024 photo album





share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login



home   |   
	
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









