






human ecology – health & environment



























































 

















 















home
blog
health
tips
about us
contact us
 









blog










 
four traits of a good makeup artist
september 12, 2021september 8, 2021
 

 

a makeup artist is a professional who is concerned with helping people to have better appearances or different in character than their usual selves with the use of makeup. there are many fields that employ the services of a makeup artist including theatre, tvs, entertainment, and film among others.
to be a professional makeup artist, one needs to learn the relevant skills through courses offered at recognised intuitions. for a makeup artist to become successful in his work, he needs to portray the following character traits.
best attributes of a professional makeup artist
creative
an excellent makeup artist needs to be highly creative so as to remain relevant in the field. every client is unique from another and requires different kinds of treatment. thus a makeup artist should be able to evaluate each client and unlock the secret to their appearances before he begins to work on improving them.
able to withstand long working hours
for a makeup artist, most of the work is done while he is standing. thus, a makeup expert should have the strength to stand for long hours without getting fatigued. this will ensure that they provide quality work and avoid errors that may arise as a result of exhaustion.
excellent communication skills
this will enable the artist to have clear communication with his bosses and clients making it easier to arrive at a common goal. a makeup artist should be an active listener and also capable of presenting their views in precise formats. the artist must also be familiar with the local language in his area of deployment to ensure they get every detail correct.
better test for colours
since most of the work involves choosing the right colours to use, a makeup artist should have a great test for colours. to achieve this, they need to know the right colour combinations and blending. colour blending is what will determine the outcome of the artist’s work in the long run.
thus, a makeup artist needs to possess all these traits if they want to be successful in this business venture because there are currently many individuals that are engaging in the field.
what a makeup artist needs to do before applying makeup
a makeup artist needs to follow all the steps before, during, and after applying makeup on their client to guarantee success. here are some of the things that a makeup artist needs to do before applying makeup on their client.
assess client’s skin
the artist needs to carefully examine his client’s skin in terms of colour, type, condition, and also sensitivity. this will provide them with crucial information on the type and nature of makeup to use.
the makeup expert should have profound knowledge of the colour principles while taking into account ethnicity, race, skin colour, and undertones. this is the first step that will help to create a foundation for the entire work of the makeup artist.
study the client’s bone structure
every person is unique in their own way. thus, a makeup artist needs to have a clear understanding of their client’s bone structure to know where exactly to apply each kind of makeup. some individuals have protruding bones while others have thick layers of skin covering their bones, each one requiring specific treatment. to sum up all this information, a makeup artist needs to be highly observant and creative.
be a certified makeup artist now. enroll into a makeup short course in adelaide.
 
 
is dermapen skin needling in brisbane worth it?
march 4, 2021march 14, 2022
 

 

when many people begin to see fine lines or wrinkles on their faces, they begin to develop depressions. this can happen due to many things, including age or even diseases. when it happens due to age, it can be unavoidable, but the good thing is that you can correct this. therefore, there is nothing for you to worry about.
apart from the wrinkles and lines, we have people with acne and scars on their faces.  all these skin issues can be a concern and can have a very significant impact not only on your skin and how it looks but also on how you feel as an individual. the good thing is that dermapen skin needling can help you solve all the issues you have on your face. all you have to do is contact a specialist who will help you in this process and help you find the results you are looking for.
what is dermapen skin needling in brisbane?
this is an aesthetic process or procedure involving the use of needles and creating micro-injuries or small wounds in your skin’s superficial layer.  the small wounds or micro-injuries are meant to trigger your body to produce a higher amount of elastin and collagen to help it heal naturally. these two are the many building blocks of every healthy skin.
dermapen skin needling in brisbane has become a very popular technique for skin rejuvenation today. many people worldwide go for this procedure whenever they want to deal with most of the skin issues. in case you live in brisbane, worry no more because there are specialists that will always be there for you if you want to go through this procedure and solve your skin issues. 
does dermapen skin needling work?
this is a question that most people will ask you before they begin the procedure because they don’t want to invest their money and time in a procedure that will not bear them the results they want.  however, the procedure will always work, but you have to ensure that you have a specialist to help you with your skin issues but not any other person. if you have a specialist, they know all they have to do and can successfully take you through the skin needling process.
dermapen skin needling has also been tried but tested and has proven to be the best in the market. this is because of the powerful results that the procedure shows with the people who undergo it.  with the procedure, you will have smooth, ageless, and flawless skin that you can never achieve with most of the skin renewal therapies that people in brisbane choose over this one.
one of the things that the procedure solves is the issues of wrinkled faces.  the micro-injuries and small wounds made during the process stimulate collagen and elastin production.  this will help in the demising imperfection in your skins, especially the wrinkles and fine lines.  therefore, your skin will rejuvenate without using heat or light, and therefore it is even safer.
also, dermapen skin needling is perfect for scars.  when there is the formation of the micro-injuries in your skin during the dermapen skin needling, there are no scars formed.  instead, there is smooth skin stimulation, and all the spots formed in the skin after surgery or because of cystic acne.  therefore, this is a perfect procedure to undergo if you feel that you have issues that you would like to deal with for your skin to look smooth, flawless, and young.
 
 
manual breast pumps: are they really slow?
january 10, 2021august 26, 2021
 

 

manual stuff is known to be slow, and that may make you think that you’ll spend every spare minute expressing milk from your breast when using a manual breast pump.
look, if you plan to feed your young one on expressed milk entirely, then you need to collect as much as your baby needs. and it would help if you did it within the shortest time possible.
sadly, some breast pumps are painfully slow, resulting in a frustrating experience. if you’re not careful, you may need to supplement breast milk with milk formula.
the way forward
●      always buy a quality pump
price is a common determinant when making a buying decision for many people. however, it doesn’t guarantee to get a quality product. in some cases, some pumps look cheap because they are cheap. such breast pumps won’t perform as expected. trust me; these pumps will give your breasts a torturing experience – pain and low milk supply.
pricy pumps come with additional features that make expressing milk a painless and flawless process. at the same time, you get a high volume of milk per expression session. so always strive to get one of the finest models within your budget range.
●      manual pumps are great, but electric pumps work faster
a manual breast pump can offer adequate services if you express milk once a day or occasionally. additionally, these pumps work well if you are expressing milk from home. you need some privacy to pump the fists in the air.
but if you need more milk per day or at a go, you should consider an electric pump. a double electric pump can be an excellent choice for those needing to express breast milk several times each day.  however, they are a bit noisy, and most parts require sterilizing.
keep in mind; manual breast pumps aren’t that bad. the major concern with these breast pumps is the amount of time and effort you need to express milk but not their ability to express breast milk.
even if you buy an electric breast pump, it’s good to have an electric pump too. the manual pumps might be a nice option for drying breasts after using your electric pump. this increases the milk supply in the long run.
●      always follow the instruction manual
breast pumps slightly differ in mode of action and structure. more often, you may find yourself mixing up modes, i.e., expression and massaging modes. worse, you may not know that pump has certain features that you wanted.
always carefully read the instruction of the pump you use. otherwise, the wrong usage of a pump may result in unnecessary pain. such pain affects the whole process of milk expression – shorten sessions or skip altogether.
●      try different pumps
newer pumps are being produced each year. do not be afraid to try different models available. if it’s time to ditch your current pump, do it and get a highly functional one. ditch them when they don’t function properly, or they do not fit your breast.
keep in mind; a flange is the most important part of a breast pump. if it doesn’t come with proper fitting shields, it fails and causes pain.
do you know that breast pump shields are based on the size of the nipple but not breast size? this helps to fit the nipple; thus, forming a tight seal around your areola.
 
 
what is podiatry?
november 9, 2020november 20, 2024
 

 

it has been a norm for everyone to visit a doctor whenever they fall ill. people used to seek medical doctor’s help regardless of the type of ailment they suffered. as a result, doctors had hard times to listen to the patients and to refer them to another specialist who can handle their issues.
however, the pressure led to the formation of new fields in medicine for handling specific kinds of ailments. today, many branches of medicine specialise in a particular type of illness, and you have to undergo training and introductory study to become a specialist in a particular field. one of the branches is termed as podiatry.
podiatry refers to a health profession concerned with the treatment and prevention of ailments related to ankles and feet. it has been proven to be an independent field and many institutions off it as a course on its own.
significance of podiatry
vast knowledge on the ankle and foot analogy – podiatry has vast knowledge on all illnesses related to the foot. the specialists have been well trained to handle exceptional cases that may arise from the lower foot.
patients get useful advice from the specialists – podiatrists provide guidance and counselling to their patients such as what they should not do when they are in the period of recovering, or how they can prevent similar problems in the future.
specialised treatment – getting treatment from experts is better than guessing on the medication to use. specialised treatment helps for a quick recovery. the clinic is also equipped with the necessary tools that facilitate treatment and recovery processes.
avoiding potential problems – by having an early visit to the podiatrist, they can understand what you are about to experience and help you avoid such problems. every person prefers prevention rather than cure.
podiatry treatment services
some of the most common specialised treatment in podiatry includes the following:
heel pain – is a common ailment experienced by most people. it may result from a long walk or any activity that may interfere with the heels. fortunately, there is an efficient cure and podiatrists know precisely how to apply.
bone fractures – bone fractures are a bit severe and require the help of a specialist to help in the recovery. besides, they will offer additional advice such as how you should handle the fractured foot and if you can apply pressure to it by walking.
fungal infections – fungal infections mostly occur between the toes and can cause a lot of discomfort to the patient. it is accompanied by a foul odour that makes it shameful to sit close to people. some might think that the smell is natural, but in a real sense, it is not. podiatrists know what to do in case you have fungal infections.
blisters – blisters can occur on foot as a result of wearing closed shoes for an extended period. the leg does not get sufficient fresh air and may start to swell. you need to seek a specialist’s help immediately when you spot blisters on your feet.
many other illnesses are curable by podiatrists and save you from suffering for a long period of time without help. you can find the podiatrist specialist in a podiatry clinic. you can also go to a regular doctor if you decide to ask for a referral. doctors keep in touch with such specialists and will know precisely the best one to recommend.
 
 
female doctors in rockhampton
april 17, 2020april 17, 2020
 

 

just like in any other city, rockhampton also
has great female doctors that are well-trained to cater to the needs of their
patients. we must appreciate the fact that female doctors are also tasked with
their wife and motherhood duties. generally, they sacrifice a lot to strike a
balance between the work and the family.
some people have a notion like female doctors
are superhuman. they tend to assume that they don’t have feelings like any
other woman. in trying to cope with this prevalent notion in society, female
doctors tend to face a lot compared to their male doctors not just in
rockhampton but also across the globe. 
could this be the reason statistics show that
they get more depressed than their male colleagues? well, the burnout is
expected, and the many parental duties are likely to run them down. that aside,
why do some people in rockhampton prefer having female doctors as their
attendants? let’s explore that in this article.
reasons why some people prefer female doctors
in rockhampton
they are more compassionate and caring
although being compassionate is one major
trait of a good doctor, whether male or female, female doctors in this city and
across the world are known to be more compassionate than male doctors. that
should explain to you why they are the ones that are more popular in maternity
and infant wards. they usually dispense their motherly care while in their
duty.
they’re more understanding
they have the capacity for thinking and acting
faster. this could be the reason why they can relate faster with everyone
despite their age. they can put themselves in the place of the patient and give
them the right advice. have you heard of female doctors in rockhampton who are
good counsellors? it is because they can easily understand and relate with their
patients.
they are good listeners
truth be told that female doctors in this city
and across the world are good listeners. however, it is good to note that it is
not all of them, but the majority are great listeners. this is easily related
to their listening skills as mothers when their children are talking to them. 

they are empathetic
this is a higher level of being compassionate.
being empathetic simply refers to the warmth they give you whenever you visit
their hospitals or when treating you. have you ever asked yourself why most
front-office employees and receptionists are women? it is because of this
awesome trait found in female doctors in rockhampton. they generally can
understand the emotions of their patients and provide a solution to them. 
they are more committed
do you know a mother is more concerned with
the growth and welfare of the child more than the father? well, that does not
mean that the father is irresponsible, it is only that the mother is more
committed. female doctors in rockhampton are committed to the health of their
patients more. as earlier mentioned, their motherly care usually resonates and
gets them committed to treating the patients.
they’re friendlier
who doesn’t want a smile from a doctor who
comes to check you out in your ward? this usually gives the patient confidence
that they will get well soon. the talk they give you when giving you an
injection gives you a great feeling which helps you recover faster.
for sure, female doctors in rockhampton are great physicians to work with. 
 
 
seeing a perth chiropractor for lower back pain
february 17, 2020august 26, 2021
 

 

have you been to a doctor for a follow up on persistent
lower back pain? you are not alone. each year a large number of people, around
85 % approximately find themselves in a doctor’s office due to a severe back
pain. while it’s a pretty common ailment, the exact reason for this condition
is not easy to identify. 
this is one of the main reasons why the standard care
practices for managing back pain differs from one doctor to the other.
generally the following treatments are advised:
pain management with the help of over the
counter medicationsproper rest to the affected areaphysical therapy combined with other life style
changes
however, the good news is that despite severe back pain,
most people are able to get back on their feet after a few weeks only. condition
being, that they should follow the treatment plan suggested by their doctor.
there are quite a few doctors who have started prescribing
chiropractic care along with the usual medical treatment. normally it is
assumed that people who don’t get better with usual treatments might find
visiting a chiropractor beneficial. 
why visit a perth
chiropractor?
there have been a number of recent studies regarding the
role of chiropractic care in the management of lower back pain. it has been
observed that people who undergo chiropractic treatment experience the
following:
less intensity in their back painimproved mobility. many are able to overcome
their usual disability like inability to walk, stand or sit for long periods of
timefelt better with only a few days of treatmentimproved sleep due to decrease in pain intensity
if you have been suffering from persistent back pain which shows no sign of abating, going to a leading chiropractic clinic can be quite beneficial. not only do chiropractors believe in helping manage the pain but they actually get to know about the root cause of the pain. treating the root cause of the pain can help keep the symptoms at bay and prevent them from returning. 

chiropractic care
benefits
there are several benefits associated with chiropractic
care, these include the following:
chiropractic care is a holistic mode of
treatment. this means that there are no medications or invasive procedures
involved. a chiropractor works by making manual
adjustments. these adjustments allow for the proper alignment of the back bone.
when the spinal cord is well aligned it can prevent a myriad of diseases. not
only is it beneficial for pain management but can help improve conditions
associated with poor digestion and insomnia.people who usually suffer from pain also suffer
from sleep problems. after a visit to a chiropractor a person might find relief
from the pain and this in turn helps improve their quality of sleep. it can reduce the need for surgery or other
invasive procedures. sometimes surgery is considered as a last resort when all
medications and physical therapies fail. 
if you suffer from lower back pain, make sure you visit a
perth chiropractor today.
 
 
how to choose the ideal hospital mobile shower trolley
january 29, 2020january 29, 2020
 

 

choosing a hospital mobile shower
trolley involves a lot of factors.  yet,
determining the right one to go for can be quick and easy when you know what is
suitable and right for your needs and preference.
patients with mobility issues tend to
spend a lot of cumulative time in a shower trolley. this need means that they
have to be safely supported and comfortable while taking a bath. caregivers can
also make the bathing process safe and easy with the right hospital mobile
shower trolley.
the process of deciding for the ideal
shower trolley becomes simplified when the following factors are considered, to
include:
safety of
the patient
the safety of the patient is the
top-most concern when it comes to the bathing process. one of the important
factors to consider is the height of the safety rails. a patient is ensured
safety when rails are high enough to support him/her. a carer can become
nervous and patient vulnerable when the rails are too low.
the stability of the trolley is the
next important consideration. a carer will find it difficult with the
possibility of causing further injury to a patient when trolley wobbles or
rocks while moving. the best trolley is one that is easy to manoeuvre, but also
heavy enough.
another factor is the choice between
a wall-mounted and mobile trolley.  having
a carer on each side of the mobile trolley makes it the safest equipment to use
during bathing time.
size of the
mobile shower trolley
the size of the mobile shower trolley
should be carefully considered. you might end up purchasing a trolley that’s
too tough to manoeuvre or too wide for the room. measuring the area is the
smartest way to get a trolley that leaves enough room for you to get in and
out.
 a too-narrow mobile trolley can also cause
problems. the patient needs to be rolled during the bathing time and the small
space could make it difficult to do so safely.
easy to use
ease of use is often the most
overlooked factor in the choice of a mobile shower trolley. the foremost factor
to consider is the braking system of the mobile trolley. the caster lock on
each side of the trolley means that the carer has to go around both sides to
put the brakes on.
yet, there are trolley designs that
operate a central braking system using one pedal. this mobile shower trolley
model offers the safest way to transport and bathe a patient. a carer leaving a
patient to lock in the brakes also leaves them vulnerable to accidents.
easy to
adjust
a mobile shower trolley is not a
one-size-fits-all piece of equipment. every patient has different requirements
and situations. a higher standard of care becomes possible when a mobile shower
trolley can be easily adjusted to any situation that demands it. 
a mobile shower trolley that can tilt to allow draining of water and on a platform for easy transfers is the one to go for. a fixed tilted position trolley makes it harder for the carer to give the best and safe bathing process to the patient.
the best hospital mobile trolley is one that has an electric tilt, quite heavy but provides easy manoeuvrability, central braking system, and easy to use.  modsel supply mobile shower trolleys. we are here to help you select the best one for your needs. give us a call today
 
 
finding the right barber in brisbane
december 29, 2019august 26, 2021
 

 

men may not give as much attention to their hair as women
do, but it is definitely something which shouldn’t be taken lightly. the right
hair cut can do wonders for you. after all it can actually alter the way you look.
well groomed men always look attractive. it’s the effort which is apparent. and
effort is always considered an attractive trait in men.
finding the right barber is crucial if you are looking for a
great haircut. while some barbers are just hacks and don’t really know what
they are doing, there are the professional men’s barbers in brisbane. also
barbers who know their job are always popular and you may have to wait for a
long time before you get your turn. in such cases how do you go about finding the
right barber for your grooming? it’s simple, just keep the following things in
mind. 
get suggestions from friends or family members.
there are bound to be men whose hair style you appreciate. why not ask them
about their barber?you can even check out reviews for men’s saloon
online. there are bound to be good reviews for a barber near you.sometimes what may work for one person may not
work for you. you can try out different men’s barbers in brisbane and find one
who actually suits your style and whose cut you can appreciate. 
establishing a great
relationship with your barber
once you have found your dream barber, you shouldn’t look
elsewhere. this is because developing a working relationship with your barber
is essential. if you have found a barber who gives great haircuts along with
good service, you should simply stop and rely on them only. years of going to
the same person can help you develop a comfort level which you would feel hard
to find with someone else. there are people who drift from one barber to
another. even if they like a haircut given by a particular barber they may not
stick to them. 

keep in mind that communication is key. a good barber would
always take a look at your face and know immediately what would look good on
you. they would make sure that they pay attention to small details like the cut
of your face and the shape of your forehead. 
the hair cut which they give after this assessment is actually going to
work for you. so make sure you go to someone who knows what they are doing. while
it may take some time but you are bound to find the right one soon.
 finding the leading men’s hairdresser in brisbane is challenging. look for someone you can rely on to make you look good. they would listen closely to what you have to say. however, there are certain kinds of barbers who you may want to avoid. there are barbers who are too fancy and may charge an arm and a leg for a haircut. don’t just go for the show. instead look for someone with experience. 
 
 
all about pregnancy and oral health
november 19, 2019august 26, 2021
 

 

almost all pregnant women have an idea that they should look
after their health. after all, it’s a time when they are at their most
vulnerable. proper healthcare would ensure the health of their baby too. dental
health is also an important part of a woman’s health while she is expecting a
baby. there is a connection between oral health and pregnancy; about which not
a lot of women are aware. 
however, it’s not uncommon to see many women neglect their dental
health while they are pregnant. after all there is so much else to do that one
can’t help but pay attention to one’s teeth. the worries of a growing belly
along with a myriad of other health conditions which generally affect pregnant
women, oral care is last on the list of things mums to be have to worry about.
there was once a time when it was believed that periodontal
diseases were limited to the gums only. however recent research has found that
bacteria in the mouth can very easily enter the gut and can cause problems for
the rest of the parts of the body as well. also these bacteria also have the
ability to enter into the placenta and harm the unborn child. though rare but
it can actually lead to premature delivery.
avoiding dental
issues
for women who are considering getting pregnant, a visit to
the dentist should be on top of the list. while pregnant women could also
benefit from a visit to their dentist. their dentist would ensure that they
educate them properly on the method of caring for their oral health when
pregnant. it is essential for a pregnant woman to eat all nutrient rich foods
which provide them with ample vitamins and minerals. plus there should be a
balance between the consumption of carbohydrates, proteins and fats. 
also it is necessary to avoid indulging too much in the
cravings which occur during pregnancy. many women indulge in their love of
sweets without much thought. however, this can lead to tooth decay and even a
high chance of diabetes. 
oral hygiene is necessary to ensure good oral health.
therefore even expectant mothers should ensure that they care for their teeth
during pregnancy. gentle brushing and flossing can help get rid of tartar and
the accumulated debris from the teeth. this would prevent the growth of
bacteria. 
also the pregnancy hormone progesterone present in the body
might sometimes cause inflammation of the blood vessels in the gums. as a
result gums might become red or swollen. this is a sign of pregnancy
gingivitis. however, a visit to the dentist could help resolve the issue.
although dental treatments are not advised during pregnancy. but the right
dental care would help ease the discomfort of the disease and prevent it from
spreading further. 
if you are looking for maroubra dentists, make sure you visit one with the right credentials. they would not only help you resolve dental issues but also provide knowledge regarding proper dental care.
 
 
should you spend your money on wigs?
november 5, 2019august 26, 2021
 

 

women and wigs. when you meet ten women along any streets in
sydney, the chances are that a good number of them will be wearing a wig. these
are the days when a wig is not stereotyped. they are not just worn to cover the
lousy hair beneath, but rather; they are created to enhance beauty.
walking into any boutique, you’ll see the persuasive
advertisement concerning wigs. wigs come in both synthetic and natural human
hair forms. the best part of all this is that there is an extensive collection
of wigs, which makes it easy to choose what fits your lifestyle. 
creators of wigs put in much effort to create products that
suit different needs. for instance, some specialists deal in crown toppers and
human hair wigs as a hair loss solution for children and women who lose hair
while undergoing cancer treatment, i.e., radiotherapy or chemotherapy, or those
suffering from any other health condition that leads to hair loss.
a well-crafted wig can restore a smile on the faces of such
individuals. excellent manufacturers also can create custom wigs as well as
offer hairdressing services for clients. still, some offer tips and techniques
on how to use your wig.
while buying wigs, sydney beauty shops offer; however, you
must adhere to the quality regulations. the best wigs must be tested and proved
to fit for human use. this way, you’ll not suffer any adverse side effects.
that said, let’s look are why you need to consider buying
these beauty accessories.

easy to change your look
there are different designs of wigs in the market. if you buy a number of these wigs, it is possible to switch your look anytime. wearing a different wig on each day – a difference in colour and style gives you a different look. similarly, you can change between a straight, bohemian and wavy wig, to get that outstanding look. you can choose from different styles of sydney wigs from cheveux by anthony anjol.
protection to your natural hair
undoubtedly, wigs offer protection to your natural hair. did
you know that if you least disturb your hair, it will grow faster, healthier
and stronger? a wig can be a considerable protective measure in such instances.
if your hair is damaged from any causes, you can at least manipulate it when
you wear a wig. the wig will not only protect your hair from harsh conditions
but will also enhance your beauty.
highly convenient
maintaining natural hair is very demanding. you need to wash
it often and ensure that it is dry. you also have to feed it with the right
hair solutions for it to grow well. in some instances, you may even need to dye
it.
consider how demanding your hair is versus your schedule. if
you have a busy schedule, you’ll agree with me that a wig is more convenient
than anything else. if you are a working mom, will you prepare your kids for
school, prepare yourself for work, or deal with your hair?
money-saving deal
wig saves you money. how many times do you visit a salon in
a year? and how much do you spend per visit? indeed, this amount is huge. if
you three wigs, you can economically live a beautiful life.
flexibility
women always want their hair to appear in a certain way.
this can be frustrating, especially if you are not getting what you want. if
you had a wig, you’d brush it a little, and just put it on.
 
























































advertisement 

twitter feed tweets by _lifeinsurance 

advertisement 

subscribe us 







subscribe to newsletter
..........      ..........
subscribe to our mailing list to get updates to your email inbox.

			get monthly newsletter	













*invalid email address.



subscribe























recent posts


four traits of a good makeup artist


is dermapen skin needling in brisbane worth it?


manual breast pumps: are they really slow?


what is podiatry?


female doctors in rockhampton


categories

beauty

blog

health

oral hygiene

tips


 










 quick resourceshome
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
 


sponsored by 

 

categories

beauty

blog

health

oral hygiene

tips


 




powered by wordpress. theme: fino by: design by freepsdworld. 











