








dentist mayfield heights oh | exceptional smiles at landerbrook





























 

 


 skip to main content














 


about 

meet our teammeet the dentistsnewsour officepatient reviewstechnology
new patients 

financial optionsfirst visitnew patientsnew patient formsvip smile saver membership
services 

cosmetic dentistrydental sleep medicinegeneral dentistryinvisalign®orthodonticsrestorative dentistry
invisalign®contact us 

new patients – (440) 335-5930existing patients – (440) 483-1003
make a payment

book now







 



        your browser does not support html5 video.
  





        our promise:we won’t stop until you’re happy!      


book now

  watch our video 

new patient offer











welcome to exceptional smiles at landerbrook

×



  









        why exceptional smiles?      

we believe in providing state-of-the-art dentistry with a gentle, personalized approach. our mayfield office is equipped with everything you need to achieve a healthy, confident and exceptional smile at every stage of life.

our services















affordable invisalign
$2,600 off invisalign treament







same day crowns
quality crowns in one visit







laser dentistry & tech
more efficient & less invasive treatment



















        welcome to exceptional smiles      

let us help you achieve your best smile at exceptional smiles of landerbrook. we welcome the opportunity to care for your entire family at our state-of-the-art dental center located in mayfield heights, oh. while we are remarkably equipped to address all aspects of your smile with preventative, cosmetic and restorative dental care services, our practice maintains an unwavering commitment to patient comfort and convenience.
dental care should and can be a positive and rewarding experience. whether protecting your smile’s health or enhancing its appearance, our team strives to exceed your expectations while taking advantage of the best that modern dentistry offers.

about us

















        request appointment now!      

no insurance? no problem! learn about our vip smile saver membership

new patients  (440) 335-5930 

existing patients  (440) 483-1003 











        meet our team      

at exceptional smiles of landerbrook, you’ll find a team of skilled and sincere dental professionals dedicated to creating a stress-free dental experience for patients of all ages. our talented dentists, skilled hygienists and friendly office staff understand the importance of delivering a broad range of advanced dental services under one roof and treating each patient like a member of our own family. we look forward to meeting your oral health needs and getting to know the patient behind the smile.
 hablamos español!

meet the dentists
meet the team









        why people love exceptional smiles      


we strive to provide the best possible care and service for our patients. please leave a review to let us know how we are doing and to share your experience with others.




professional staff


exceptional office


no judgement








david g.






 

best dentist in cleveland!! staff is amazing and they make sure you are comfortable the whole time. highly recommend!








mike b.






 

super kind, professional snd accommodating dental practice on the east side. i’d highly recommend!







read all testimonials






new patient specialsask us about our new patient specials

book now
  (440) 335-5930 












        frequently asked questions      




                      how can you help me relax during my dental visits? 




not only do we have a friendly and caring staff to walk you through each step of your visit, but our office also provides soothing amenities to make you feel at home. for patients with dental anxiety or special needs, we offer in-office iv sedation, administered by one of our trusted partners.




                      do you replace missing teeth? 




yes! not only do we replace missing teeth, but our dentists are qualified to do it with the most preferred, natural-looking options available. whether you have a single missing tooth or a full arch of lost teeth, we offer services to restore your smile the way you deserve, including bridges, dentures, dental implants and all-on-4 implants.




                      what types of dental technology are used at exceptional smiles? 




to boost your experience and results, our practice has invested in advanced dental technologies such as the solea laser, 3d imaging, velscope® oral cancer detection, intra-oral cameras, glidewell.io same day crowns, and much more.




                      what if i don't have dental insurance? 




no problem! our mayfield heights dental practice offers several options to make dental care more affordable for uninsured or under-covered patients. we offer flexible payment options, carecredit financing, and our in-house membership plan, vip smile savers.




                      is exceptional smiles accepting new patients? 




new patients are accepted and strongly welcomed at our mayfield heights office. our dentists treat patients from tiny toddlers to aging grandparents and everyone in between. check out our new patient specials and learn what to expect during your first visit.









 

 

 












        trusted family dentistry in mayfield heights      

exceptional smiles at landerbrook is proud to serve families living in mayfield heights and the surrounding communities. our modern dental practice is accepting new patients of all ages. we have state-of-the-art treatment rooms and comfortable patient amenities throughout our office to keep you at ease. to streamline your experience with us, please take advantage of our online new patient forms and consider our extended weekday hours for scheduling convenience.







        on our blog




 


understanding tooth enamel: protecting your smile’s shield

january 28, 2025
                  tooth enamel is the unsung hero of your smile, protecting your teeth from daily wear and tear while maintaining their bright appearance. at exceptional smiles of...                



 


the art and science of smile makeovers in mayfield heights

december 18, 2024
                  a radiant smile can significantly enhance one's confidence and overall appearance. at exceptional smiles in mayfield heights, oh, we specialize in comprehensive smile makeovers that...                








skip footer








        the heights smile herald      

our monthly newsletter with articles from our doctors, the team and community.





read the latest newsletter











5825 landerbrook drive suite #121mayfield heights, oh 44124
 

request appointment
book now

			new patients:  (440) 335-5930 

			existing patients:  (440) 483-1003 


opening hours

mon - wed: 7am – 3pm
thu: 7am – 7pm
fri: 7am – 3pm
sat - sun: closed
 





© 2025 exceptional smiles. all rights reserved.

accessibility policyprivacy policysitemapseo 


 













