seashore condo hotelseashore condo hotelhomeaboutdirectionsbookcontact
homeaboutdirectionsbookcontactmoremore childthe seashore condo hotel is conveniently located in ocean bay park, fire island just steps from the ferry, beach and great south bay. all of the comfortable air-conditioned rooms are privately owned but offer all of the amenities and services you would expect from a fire island hotel for a relaxing and carefree beach vacation. 

guests enjoy the beautiful views of the great south bay, quiet surroundings and proximity to ocean beaches and restaurants. the seashore is centrally located to many area attractions including ocean beach (less than 1 mile west), the sunken forest (1 mile east) and a short water taxi ride to kismet, cherry grove or the pines. see our roomsocean bay park,
fire island


fire island is truly one of the great treasures of new york. it has activities for everyone, including swimming, shopping, surfing, bodysurfing, hiking, observing wildlife, tennis, fishing, and more. children will enjoy the playgrounds and the wildlife around them. visit the sunken forest or the fire island lighthouse and explore the island. you can also take day trips to other popular communities, including cherry grove and the pines.

no cars to think about. just fun & sun!there are numerous restaurants within steps of the hotel; flynn's, schooner inn, dino's on the bay, canes, town pizza & ice cream and a bike rental shop. there also is a convenience grocery store and a liquor store at the end of the block. kenny goodman's handmade silver jewelery shop offers authentic fire island souvenirs. 

ocean beach, the largest town on fire island, is less than a 1.0 mile walk west along the bay, featuring a wide assortment of restaurants, bars, shops and a vibrant nightlife. guests are welcome to bring their own groceries, as there are refrigerators and microwaves in all rooms. we also have two gas grills in the common area. perfect 
for relaxingbest 
for eventsfrom the moment you board the fire island ferry, your troubles melt away. there are no cars on the island, so guests can truly escape the hustle of everyday life. come find out why our guests happily return year after year.

the seashore is the perfect place to celebrate your special event. your group can book individual rooms. you could also stay in our junior suite, which sleeps four, or choose our two bedroom suite, which sleeps 6 and has a kitchen and living room.
privacy policy
copyright 2025 â© all rights reserved     ocean bay park     fire island, ny 11770     (631) 583 5860     seashorecondohotel@gmail.com




