




paris france vacation apartment rentals, paris holiday rentals | vacation in paris

















home
our rentals

search paris rentals
long term rentals
beyond paris rentals
terms / conditions
privacy policy
send an inquiry



guest services

travel protection
custom tours
cooking classes
airport/rail transfers
concierge services
the paris pass
fat tire/segway tours
portraits in paris
free paris


specials
paris blog
my favorites
contact

request availability
contact us
newsletter




translate:




english
spanish
italian
french
german
chinese
japanese

















					rental id:  search

telephone:
usa toll free: 1-800 403 4304
                    worldwide: +1-973 948 3535








office hours:
monday - friday: 9am - 3pm
(current us eastern time is 06:05 am)
































































paris apartment rentals
paris short term rentals for vacation & holiday visits
no booking fees and no service charges! see why our clients love us and keep coming back!
our goal at vacation in paris is to offer an intimate and memorable stay in the "city of light" experiencing the parisian life at an affordable price. our family run business enjoys sharing our personal knowledge and love of paris with our guests. vacation in paris began in 1998 with one apartment in the 7th district, home of the eiffel tower, and has continued to grow since. our rentals are located throughout the city and are in the most desirable neighborhoods for visiting the city. we offer a wide variety of apartments that will suit both budget minded travelers as well those looking for luxury accommodations. our philosophy is to treat each and every guest as if it's the trip of lifetime. our unique paris apartment rentals will let you enjoy this city as a parisian, rather than a tourist. whether this is your first trip to paris or you're a seasoned francophile, after using a vacation in paris apartment, you may not want to return home!
 

guest comments
these people are true professionals. if you are traveling internationally hoping to have a vacation of a lifetime, go with the pros at vacation in paris. their communication before, during and after o
- matt b., july 2018
[ more guest comments ] 
press:









featured rentals










id# 249 – river-view one bedroom in st.germain







id# 190 – island twin i, luxury two bedroom







id# 344 – maison de la fontaine







id# 369 – eiffel view duplex







id# 65 – heart of the marais one bedroom







id# 398 – historic latin quarter spacious one bedroom







id# 399 – montmartre studio with a view










featured discount$
book these rates before they disappear!first come, first serve. 


-20%


id# 382 – latin quarter dream one bedroom 


[ more discounts ]





at vacation in paris, you can select from a studio up to a three bedroom apartment, ranging from standard to luxury. all of our apartments are equipped with a kitchen area, private bathroom and most offer free calls to north america. our apartments are specially furnished with guests in mind and many have unique features that reflect the owners personal taste and style. please keep in mind that all of our rentals have at least a 3 night minimum stay and are considered self-catering. we have a dedicated and welcoming staff in paris to manage the apartments and can provide assistance to guests if needed during their stay. for some of our rentals we mail the apartment keys prior to your leaving home. however, for most apartments, and for those who prefer it, we can easily arrange for the local manager to meet you at the apartment with keys. we look forward to helping make your dreams of paris a reality!




top 10 reasons
to book a vacation rentalwith vacation in paris


1

no booking fees!



2

you'll enjoy it more and pay less!



3

dependable support staff in paris.



4

complimentary welcome bottle of wine.



5

free international calling to north america and other continents in most apartments.



6

our rentals include a kitchen, private bathroom & room to relax.



7

free local phone service and free wifi in most apartments.



8

great prices, pay in us$, most major credit cards accepted - no hidden fees!



9

personalized & reliable service from a us based company.



10

our rentals provide more space than a typical parisian hotel room.

















vacation in paris, llc
10 wildwood trail
newton, nj 07860
usa










© 2017 vacation in paris 
            site by: j.e.g. design, inc.








company information

our company
send an inquiry
privacy policy
google+



booking an apartment

guest services
booking terms & conditions
request apartment availability



apartment types, discounted specials

all apartments
all studio apartments
all one bedroom apartments
all two & three  bedroom apartments
discounted specials
home














vacation in paris



















 


