hawaii national bank - hawaii's community bankskip to contenthawaii national bank has received recent reports of hawaii residents receiving fraudulent texts referencing hawaii national bank and containing a suspicious link. if you receive a suspicious text, do not click on any links or respond to the message. please delete the text message immediately and notify us at (808) 528-7800.fdic. fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmenthawaii national banksearchsubmit searchsign inbusinessopen business child linkscheckingsavingsservicesbusiness loanscommercial mortgagesdebit & credit cardscertificates of depositpersonalopen personal child linkscheckingsavingsservicespersonal loanshome loansdebit & credit cardscertificates of depositretirementlocationscontactcareersabout usfaqcore conversionreport lost cardrouting numberfdic. fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmenthawaii national bankcareersabout usfaqcore conversionreport lost cardrouting numbersearchsubmit searchbusinesscheckingplans to fit businesses of all sizes.savingsunlimited deposits and a low minimum balance.servicesother innovative products that can help streamline your business.business loansa variety of loans and credit line options.commercial mortgageswhether you’re looking to purchase, build, or renovate.debit & credit cardsget rewarded with cash back or valuable perks.certificates of depositsavings with competitive rates and no fees.personalcheckingsimple accounts that work for you.savingssaving in hawaii can be hard. we’ll try to make it easy.servicesget help from the branch to your mobile device.personal loansmoney when you need it, with flexible draw and repayment terms.home loanstrying to get the keys to your dream home? we can help.debit & credit cardsget rewarded with cash back or valuable perks.certificates of depositearn higher rates with hawaii certificates of deposit.retirementsave for your future while reducing your taxes.locationscontactwelcomesign inforgot username or password?new user?a local bank for local businesseswe’ve been powering local entrepreneurs in neighborhoods across the islands for more than 60 years.meet the entrepreneursplanning your next home renovation? have cash readily available when you need it for home improvements, tuition payments, to pay off existing balances, or in case of emergency. with rates this competitive, there’s no better time to consider a home equity line of credit. check out our promo today!introductory apr5.68% apr fixed for 24 months,6.08% apr fixed for 36 months, or 6.18% apr fixed for 48 months.current apr8.66% apr variable rate is based on a current index and a margin as of 2/3/25.terms & conditionslearn morehawaii’s community bank since 1960.whatever your needs, we’ve got you covered.business bankingjoin our team.view our open positions and apply here.careerspersonal bankingreorder checksit’s easy and secure to request your new checks online.re-order checkslocationssearch by zip code, city, or addresssearchsubmit locations searchquestions?faqcontact usfollow usfacebookinstagramlinkedintwitterhawaii national bankbusinesspersonallocationscontactsign inabout uscareersfaqprivacy & securityreport lost cardfacebookinstagramlinkedintwitterequal opportunity lendermember fdic/federal reserve system© 2025 hawaii national bank. all rights reserved.website designed and developed by wall-to-wall studios.