






internet marketing specialist, online internet marketing specialists, certified internet marketing specialist | mediamage business solutions is a one-stop-shop certified internet marketing company providing marketing solutions to businesses online locally and globally.































home
about us
rates & packages
tools & resources
helpdesk
our blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 










your full service

online certified internet marketing specialist
turning clicks into cash for her clients!

businesses that jump into the ocean and start marketing online to stay competitive don’t drown in the turbulent waves left behind them. companies that have professional online marketing plans prepared by certified internet marketing specialists will more than ever before gain and keep customers and do so at a competitive cost…

learn more









welcome to the new era of internet marketing!
mediamage business solutions is a ‘one-stop-shop’ internet marketing company providing marketing solutions to businesses online locally and globally. we are certified internet marketing specialists. we partner with our clients, learn about their businesses and provide a complete set of ethical internet marketing services that have been developed to achieve online promotion and sales results. mediamage helps companies create and implement dynamic internet marketing strategies that will empower business websites to communicate effectively with their customers. effective website communication will increase traffic to the website which inturn will increase sales, thereby helping online businesses become more efficient and profitable. some of our internet marketing services include:






k

internet marketing consultations
we provide our clients with the information and online marketing plan they need to improve their online presence, get more exposure and gain more clients and sales — we partner together with our clients to ensure their internet marketing goals are achieved.






u

website usability analysis
our user-experts will walk through your website or landing page as a customer would and provide condensed critiques, fully detailed reports on design, layout, copy, or technical structure. these reports will notice any issues that may block people from being able to easily use their website which may inhibit volume of sales online.








k

payperclick services

setup and management of your payperclick (ppc) accounts like google adwords or overture. we enable these ppcs to work for you so you just have to sit back, monitor and enjoy the sales that your website receives from all the traffic these ppcs send your way.








search engine optimization/marketing
we provide keyword research and analysis, search engine optimization (seo) services, marketing-oriented copywriting, code re-writing services, search engine and directory submission and tracking systems to help rank the client’s website higher in the search engine results pages thereby creating more traffic to client’s business website.










hosting & domain name registration
to accessorize a one-stop solution for internet marketing services, it will be required at times for a client to buy a domain name or host their website. we provide these value-added services at competitive rates for its client base.








website re-design
we also offer re-design of existing websites to ensure usability and optimization of a client’s website to increase user traffic to it and thereby promote more revenue for our clients.










email marketing campaigns
we provide opt-in e-mail, bulk e-mail marketing, and e-mail newsletter marketing services to help our clients drive down the cost of customer acquisition, retention and growth, and in the end improve their sales.








promotional services
we provide a variety of promotional services online for a client’s website utilizing pay-per-click services, niche networking and online paid advertising including graphic design of banners and ads.










online branding
we offer complete online branding services for an online company, product, or service from logo design to company image that drives action and provides your company with results. a company’s brand can be unconciously put into consumers heads to entice consumers to remember you when they need a specific service or product. we help companies through online branding to get their name into the back of their consumers memory so it generates a profit for you.








internet marketing virtual assistant services
internet marketing virtual assistants (imva) can help you unbury that gold by providing their skilled online marketing professionalism to the mix. do you have an imva yet that can offer a helping hand to often neglected or unknown online marketing areas in your business? if not, tawnya is your answer. a certified internet marketing specialist, her virtual assistant services are niched towards internet marketing services and are second to none.
when you need more than just a va, let tawnya take care of all of your internet marketing needs so that you can now focus on what you do you best, running a successful and profitable business.







here’s a list of our most popular internet marketing services:






affiliate marketing & management
autoresponder setup & maintenance
blog creation & maintenance
business branding
content management system maintenance
email marketing campaigns
ghostwriting
graphic design
joint ventures
list building
newsletter creation & distribution
online promotions & contest creation
pay per click setup & maintenance





podcast production & marketing
press release services
product packaging, design & distribution
search engine optimization
search engine marketing services
shopping cart services
social network setup & maintenance
video production & marketing
web hosting & domain registration
web marketing
webpage sales copywriting
web traffic analytics setup & monitoring
wordpress design & maintenance








credentials and organizations





























 










facebook




x




instagram


© mediamage business solutions 















