


bloggers for beef jerky



























monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 read this
	 
    


go over to blackfive's and read this article. these are the kind of people we are facing in this war on terror. bring it on!



posted by andrew at 10:02 am
29 comments






friday, august 19, 2005



	 
	 in case you find yourself in texas
	 
    


if you happen to be visiting texas, the homestate of our president and dr. pepper, and are in or near the amarillo area, we have a top notch place to get jerky. go to the flea market and track down stewart's beef jerky. apparently it's good stuff. so much so that i have received a few e-mails about it. i personally couldn't say, having never been to texas, but i hear it is a great state. thought you all might like to know about some good jerky.



posted by andrew at 6:58 pm
14 comments






friday, july 08, 2005



	 
	 some good advice
	 
    


this weekend, open a bag of beef jerky, raise a cool beverage, and thank those men and women fighting for your freedom. then toast to those who are never coming back, who have sacrificed their lives for freedom. then say a smalle prayer for the innocent civilians who died in war. and also, don't forget to enjoy your weekend.thank you united states military!also, don't forget to raise a pint, sing a round of to anacreon in heaven, and wish godspeed or similar good tidings and what not to the citizens of great britain.



posted by andrew at 10:27 pm
2 comments






monday, july 04, 2005



	 
	 happy independence day!
	 
    


i know this isn't jerky related, except maybe that the army of the continental congress ate beef jerky during the war, but i think it is worthy of being posted on this site, since we here at b4bj support the united states and it's armed forces. so read this and enjoy independence day. maybe you should go see a movie or enjoy some beef jerky?     have you ever wondered what happened to the 56 men who signed the declaration of independence?five signers were captured by the british as traitors, and tortured before they died.twelve had their homes ransacked and burned. two lost their sons serving in the revolutionary army; another had two sons captured. nine of the 56 fought and died from wounds or hardships of the revolutionary war.they signed and they pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor. what kind of men were they? twenty-four were lawyers and jurists. eleven were merchants, nine were farmers and large plantation owners; men of means, well educated. but they signed the declaration of independence knowing full well that the penalty would be death if they were captured. carter braxton of virginia, a wealthy planter and trader, saw his ships swept from the seas by the british navy. he sold his home and properties to pay his debts, and died in rags.thomas mckeam was so hounded by the british that he was forced to move his family almost onstantly. he served in the congress without pay, and his family was kept in poverty was his reward.vandals or soldiers looted the properties of dillery, hall, clymer, walton, gwinnett, heyward, ruttledge, and middleton.at the battle of yorktown, thomas nelson jr, noted that the british general cornwallis had taken over the nelson home for his headquarters. he quietly urged general george washington to open fire. the home was destroyed, and nelson died bankrupt.francis lewis had his home and properties destroyed. the enemy jailed his wife, and she died within a few weeks.john hart was driven from his wife's bedside as she was dying. their 13 children fled for their lives. his fields and his gristmill were laid to waste. for more than a year he lived in forests and caves, returning home to find his wife dead and his children vanished. a few weeks later he died from exhaustion and a broken heart.  norris and livingston suffered similar fates.such were the stories and sacrifices of the american revolution.     these were not wild-eyed, rabble-rousing ruffians. they were soft-spoken men of means and education. they had security, but they valued liberty more. standing tall, straight, and unwavering, they pledged: "for the support of this declaration, with firm reliance on the protection of the divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor." they gave you and me a free and independent america.       the history books never told you a lot about what happened in the revolutionary war. we didn't fight just the british. we were british subjects at that time and we fought our own governmentl some of us take these liberties so much for granted, but we shouldn't. so, take a few minutes while enjoying your 4th of july holiday and silently thank these patriots. it's not much to ask for the price they paid.courtesy of bob & jo moffat via email.



posted by andrew at 12:55 pm
5 comments






monday, june 20, 2005



	 
	 a new frontier
	 
    


i believe we need to move into a new area with our beef jerky campaign. now, y'all might be wondering, "i wonder what these crazy wackos are thinking up this time?", well dear readers, i believe we must expand the campaign into the whole hippie, vegan, moonbat, nutjob, animal rights activist area. now, i don't want to offend those who aren't the ravenous, deranged type of animal activist and/or vegetarian. you're alright, as long as you don't go around doing crazy things like pouring red paint on those who wear fur or protest everytime someone wants to cut down a tree. now, i figure that this will come off kind of hostile, but i say it with the best of intentions. i also gather that most everyone who visits this site and stays to read our opinions, is a meat eater and/or conservative, so i assume that most of you are saying "'bout damn time!" well, that's how i feel. so we must wage war for all those who like their steaks rare and in gigantic portions. for those who aren't afraid to kill their own supper. for those who don't mind a lambchop or rack of spareribs every once in a while. we must hold the line and stay the course in the fight against the beef jerky nazi(which is going quite well at the moment) and increase our war machine into the realm of the hippie moonbat vegetarians who, if left unchecked, will ruin our way of life and violate our rights to eat meat and lots of it. help us fight this unspeakable evil.oh, anybody have any good jerky brands they enjoy? email them to me because we are creating an endorsement page to give those without the ability or time to create their own jerky a list of recommended jerky brands. anything sound good? now, i'm hungry and am going to go enjoy some beef jerky.



posted by andrew at 6:33 pm
17 comments






tuesday, june 14, 2005



	 
	 we've got recipes!
	 
    


listed below is a collection of jerky recipes. test them out and tell us what you think. if you have a recipe and would like to add it to the list then please, email it to either tailhook4077@hotmail.com or mustang23_assume@hotmail.com and provide your name and website url if you have one, and we will be more than happy to add it to the list.first off, here's a link to instructions on how to make real, texas-style beef jerky. and then, if you're still not satisfied, you can check here for a huge list of jerky recipes. and then, there is the self-proclaimed world's greatest beef jerky recipe. if you still want more, then check out the recipes that our allies and operatives have sent in.---------------------------------------------------8 tbs soy sauce8 tbs worcestershire sauce2 tbs ketchup1/2 tsp hotshot( mixed red and black pepper found in spice aisle)1/2 tsp garlic powder1 tsp salt1/2 tsp onion saltpepper flakes (optional. add more orless to make it more or less spicy)1/4 tsp liquid smokepurchase a 6-8 lbs tender rump roast. have your butcher slice it for jerky, about 1/8 inch slices. arrange beef slices in a shallow pan and pour marinade mixture over the beef. marinade for at least 4 hours. place slices on dehydrator trays and dehydrate at 145-150 degrees. it will take 4-15 hours for the meat to dry. one hint the dehydrator book says is to absorb the excess oils from the meat occasionally as it dries and to wrap in paper towels for a couple hours prior to packaging to absorb the oils as this extends shelf life. i sometimes replace the pepper flakes with jamaican jerk seasoning for a different taste and much spicier jerky.courtesy of terri szendrodi---------------------------------------------------cut up a four pound butt roast into 1/4 inch slices.put the slices into a large mixing bowl and add the following: 1/2 bottle of worcestershire sauce1/2 a bottle of teriyaki sauce1 bottle of soy sauce.3tbl spoons of garlic salt2 tbls of onion salt - 3 or 4 tbls of cayenne pepper1 table spoon of smoke flavoring.mix the ingrediants together, cover with plastic wrap, and place in refrigerator for 1 1/2 hours to marinade (mix twice during this time).set oven to 200 degrees. cover the bottom of the oven with aluminum foil to make oven cleaning easier. place jerky strips on oven racks. keep the oven door open one inch to help circulate the air. cook for 2 1/2 to 3 hourscourtesy of angel---------------------------------------------------1-2 pounds of meat desired1 cup of worchestershire sauce1/2 cup of soy sauce2 capfulls of liquid smoke1/2 can of beer1 tbls of salt1 tbls of pepper1 tbls of brown sugar1 tbls of garlic powder1 tbls of onion powder2 tbls of lemon juice or pineapple juicesprinkle of red peppermix all together and let meat soak for 24 hours.put on dehydrator for 10-12 hours.courtesy of angel---------------------------------------------------marinade 4 t. soy sauce4 t. worcestershire sauce1 t. ketchup1/4 t. pepper1/4 t. garlic powder1/4 t. onion salt1/2 t. salt1 pound lean round steak, cut 3/8-inch to 1/4-inch thickcombine soy sauce, worcestershire sauce, ketchup, pepper, garlic powder, onion salt and salt in a large bowl, stir until dissolved.add round steak. marinate for one to two hours and then dry in a convection oven for at least 3 hours, depending on thickness. keep the door of the oven slightly open. a dehydrator can also be used.courtesy of angel---------------------------------------------------4 lbs. round steak4 t. onion powder1 1/3 t. black pepper1 1/3 t. garlic powder2 pinches salt1 t. dry italian-style salad dressing mix1 c. worcestershire sauce1 c. soy sauce1 t. hot pepper saucecut meat into strips no thicker than 1/4 inch. in large bowl, mix together onion powder, pepper, garlic powder, salt and italian seasoning. stir in worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and pepper sauce. place meat in container; combine with marinade. cover and refrigerate 24 hours.preheat oven to 150 degrees. place oven rack on highest level. place aluminum foil on bottom of oven to catch drips.insert round toothpicks through the tops of strips of meat, and hang strips from oven rack. bake 4 hours, or until dried to desired consistency.courtesy of angel---------------------------------------------------
    


posted by andrew at 12:00 am
27 comments






monday, june 13, 2005



	 
	 eating away at his resolve
	 
    


aha! it appears that the beef jerky nazi's impregnable defenses and venomous propaganda are merely a facade. he has posted yet another installment in the golden rules series. he has finally conceded somewhat to the greatness of beef jerky. read it:v. if you can't decide what items to put in a care package, i've made a short list:1. junk food (not including beef jerky)2. magazines that are 'at most' a month old.3. electronics.4. dvds.5. human crap (i'd rather eat this before eating one more strip of beef jerky)6. batteries...#3,556,426. all right, beef jerkynotice how he put the concession to jerky at the bottom. either he learned the error of his ways while out in the field or our campaign to get him to change is very effective. keep up the good work everybody. also, i must commend everyone who sent in jerky recipes. the page will be up soon. if anyone else has any recipes please email them to myself or to mustang and we will get them up as soon as possible. also, the site has received a bit of a makeover and is looking pretty darn good. everyone commend mustnag23 for his valiant work in the fight against the evils of the beef jerky nazi.



posted by andrew at 7:19 pm
2 comments











about me

name:  andrew 
location:  los angeles, california, united states 
i am a cadet at the virginia military institute, class of 2010. i am studying mechanical engineering and hope to commission into the united states navy.
view my complete profile

e-mail us

mustang23_assume@hotmail.com
tailhook4077@hotmail.com

utitilies

our mission
how to join
recipes

bloggers for beef jerky blogroll

 
the enemy!

the beef jerky nazi
beef jerky for dummies
bfn's 2nd in command

important stuff






referrers




previous posts
read thisin case you find yourself in texassome good advicehappy independence day!a new frontierwe've got recipes!eating away at his resolvean jerky solution for a bad habitin need of assistancehow to join
archives
june 2005july 2005august 2005march 2006


original











