






beautiful joe heritage society | celebrating the animal  human bond



























































about

beautiful joe heritage society
board of directors
volunteer application
board of directors application
archival material
looking ahead
contact


the author
the books

beautiful joe book
beautiful joe’s paradise


our parks

beautiful joe park
memorial park
leash free dog park
gallery


support the society
events
fundraising
store
donate now
 


select page


  
 
 










beautiful joe

this website is about me and my story. it’s also about the author, (margaret) marshall saunders who made me so famous; and my friends at the beautiful joe heritage society who have worked to revitalize my timeless story and develop my special park in my hometown of meaford, ontario in canada.






about beautiful joe heritage society









beautiful joe

this website is about me and my story. it’s also about the author, (margaret) marshall saunders who made me so famous; and my friends at the beautiful joe heritage society who have worked to revitalize my timeless story and develop my special park in my hometown of meaford, ontario in canada.

about beautiful joe









“my story is one of renewed happiness and trust and is a testament to the positive outcomes of the kind and humane treatment of animals.”



my story begins in 1891.  i had a rough start in life as i was terribly abused by my original owner.   in a fit of rage one day, he cut off my ears and my tail – but thankfully, i was rescued by a kind local family (the moore’s) that nursed me back to health.  i knew no further suffering while in their loving care.  my story is one of renewed happiness and trust and is a testament to the positive outcomes of the kind and humane treatment of animals.
my new home was on a large property beside the bighead river in meaford.  i loved my backyard. who knew that many years later it would become such a special place to celebrate the animal-human bond!
– beautiful joe
 

visit my park





beautiful joehistorical society
thank you to my friends at the beautiful joe heritage society who keep my story alive and who made my backyard into the unique place that celebrates the animal-human bond.

beautiful joe park
beautiful joe park is a peaceful and serene 8.5 acres of parkland on the banks of the picturesque bighead river in meaford, ontario. the park is named after me, “beautiful joe”.



the books



buy the books



the author
how did the beautiful joe story become so famous you ask? i met a very kind woman from milton, nova scotia who had come to meaford by train and was visiting my rescuers. her name was margaret marshall saunders.

support the society
we are a volunteer-run organization and all projects have been funded, supported and made possible by folks just like you! how can you help the society? there are a number of ways!







share your pet stories

gallery














make a donation








buy a plaque








sponsor








volunteer









park map



sign up for the monthly barkout e-newsletter


















 












enjoy my website and if you would like to tell us your animal companion story or volunteer for our society, (you should see my tail wagging), send us an email or share with us on facebook, or if you’re old fashioned like margaret marshall saunders, you can write to us.

followfollowfollowfollow



about




beautiful joe heritage society




l

po box 3304, meaford, ontario, canada n4l 1a5






(519) 538-5895






admin@beautifuljoe.org






delivery & returns





activities




buy the books






visit the parks






support the society






visit our gallery






shop our store





newsletter

sign up for the monthly barkout e-newsletter






















©2023 all rights reserved. beautiful joe heritage society



privacy policy        terms of use



 



















