





sbc21 – strengthening black churches for the 21st century















































































 



sbc21



 

									strengthening black churches for the 21st century								 
 

 
 
 





 
home

sbc 21 team


programs
news and events

strategic partnership with nonprofit fundraising management
national prison summit on mass incarceration


black church matters
resources
get involved

donate
contact



 
 
 
 
 
  








 





reimagine, repurpose, revitalize. 



strengthening the 
black church 



we strengthen congregations to transform communities through leadership development, discipleship-making systems, revitalization and real-time social justice ministry.. 






connect with us!


















 







 







 







 



























what is sbc21? 













visionwe envision all churches to become healthy, vital, relevant, and fruitful ministries led by strong and competent leaders. 


we envision the black church to be equipped, prepared and unapologetic in building the beloved kingdom of god on earth and resisting any form of evil and injustice anywhere.


 









missionto transform and sustain vital black congregations and black pastors including those in cross racial appointments


making disciples of jesus christ to serve and heal a hurting world.


 









purposewe offer cutting-edge resources and transformational learning models to empower conferences, congregations, and communities to share gifts of vitality to enhance church growth and development.  


we develop our lay and clergy leaders with new skills; engage in ministry with the poor; to decrease mass incarceration; to effectively identify, support and mentor young adult black clergy.


 



















1
+

black umc congregations












1
+

pastors & speakers












1
%

client satisfaction












1
%

on board

















if there were ever a sense of urgency for the african american church, it is now. 



i look forward to partnering with you to offer transformative ministry that will engage and meet the needs of churches, annual conferences and our collaborative partners to bring about more relevant, sustainable and vibrant faith communities. 



this is a huge assignment and i invite your prayers, input and service as we together strengthen black churches in the umc.  



dr. mike bowie 







 



















what they're saying... 



congregations partnering and increasing gifts in mission and ministry. 















"participating in the conferences, training and resource offerings with the strengthening the black church for the 21st century has been inspiring and transforming for me as a leader.  attending the national prison summit on mass incarceration and the continued exposure that the sbc21 office of social change, transformation and engagement offers has been the catalyst i needed as a pastor and that my church leaders needed to believe that we could be a vital congregation regardless of the size of our church."- rev. adrienne zackerylead pastor, crossroads umc, compton, ca




"my pastoral vision and accomplishments are due, in part, to my transformative experience in the academy of interns program. from exposure to creative ministry settings, expansion of professional networks, careful and diligent mentors, and theological formation through aoi, i am a more thoughtful, pragmatic and creative pastor. i constantly lean into those experiences and am amazed at the fruit it always bears."-  pastor bryant phelpsunited methodist church of the disciples, desoto, tx




 
















 








“love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. love never fails.” –  1 corinthians 13:7- 8 




















reimagine. revitalize. repurpose. 



the black church matters 



the black church matters (bcm) mission is to rejuvenate, empower, and mobilize the black church nationwide. we offer a unique discipleship system to help your ministry optimize its effectiveness. 
















find out more 

find out more 


 



















sbc21 newsletter 



get updates directly into your inbox. 



please provide a valid email address in the form below. 















subscribe! 



 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 














(visited 30,558 times, 16 visits today) 

 

©2021 strengthening the black church | sbc21 – all rights reserved. site by the myriad group | amplicreative

 
 
 


 


 















 






register now!













 




































































