
















adrift adventures of moab | river rafting, biking, horseback, jeeping















































435-259-8594
adriftmoab@gmail.com
 

 
 
 










home

home
friends of adrift


hot deals

hot river deals
shop for gear


reserve online
trip areas
daily moab trips
multi-day trips
packages
national parks 4×4
 


select page


  
 



 



 














bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 




bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 




bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 




bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 




bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 




bringing you the best moab adventures for 47 years! 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 
 



adrift adventures moab utah!
 
adrift adventures moab utah!
 
 
 


2025 rates and dates
welcome to the best outdoor vacations and river expeditions in the west!
rated #1  outfitter on tripadvisor  since 1978 … now in our 47th year!
river trips, kayaking, hiking, paddleboards, 4×4 national park backcountry jeep tours. join us for an unforgettable whitewater rafting journey through geologic time. you’ll find what you want-whether it’s unexcelled excitement, quiet serenity, or a bit of both. open for whitewater rafting on the colorado and green rivers. 
river tours operate march through october, land tours operate year-round.
adrift adventures, located in moab, utah invites you for the whitewater rafting vacation of a lifetime on utah’s colorado and green rivers.
 
 
 



 
 
 


 
 

in the top 10% of attractions worldwide.  
 
 


click to instagram
 
 


more on facebook
 
 
 



 


 
 
 



 



​​based in moab utah, adrift adventures features a variety of river rafting and jeep vacations in the most rugged and beautiful canyon country of utah. which includes arches and canyonlands national parks, the wild colorado and green rivers.
ride the whitewater forces that created all this geologic splendor on a river trip through the colorado river with sections of this river: the renowned cataract canyon, westwater canyon and the fisher towers section. with tour options of oar rafts, paddle rafts, motorized rafts, paddle boarding (sup) or a variety of kayak options. raft the scenic desolation canyon of the green river. or if overland 4×4 adventures are more to your taste, let our skilled, professional guides take you on a jeep tour, through the little-known magnificent landscapes of arches and canyonlands national parks backcountry. 
adrift adventures offers the finest whitewater outfitting and equipment in the moab area. whether you are riding on a raft or taking a 4x4 ride in a jeep rubicon you can be assured all our facilities and equipment are designed to afford you the most enjoyable experience possible. our food is the finest on the river. our menus feature juicy steaks, seafood, chicken, bbq, fresh fruits and vegetables, garden salads, desserts and more. we can also prepare low-fat/low cholesterol, gluten-free and vegetarian menus for those who prefer.
let our licensed and experienced guides take you on an unforgettable vacation that you’ll reminisce about for years to come.

 
 
 
 



reserve your whitewater rafting tours on the colorado and green rivers as well as backcountry jeep tours in arches and canyonlands national parks by special use permit.
 
 
 
 




also see moaboutdoorcenter.com - adriftadventuresmoab.com - moabrafting.com - canyonlandstours.com - tagalongexpeditions.com
 
 
 



 
 

adrift adventures378 north main streetp.o. box 577 - moab, utah 84532call 1-435-259-8594adriftmoab@gmail.com
 


all rights reserved myke hughes, inc. © 2019-2025
 
 

 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



home
hot river deals
friends of adrift
conservation
employment
book now!
 
 





facebook


 login admin | adrift adventures ©2020  
 

 
 
 


translate » 










