


midnight beach is jon shemitz











main
publications
resume
services
history
contact
e-volunteer
search


midnight beach is jon shemitz







i have been writing software for
over thirty years,since i was introduced to apdp-8by aneighth grade'computer club'.i have
written software for a living
since
graduating from yale in 1981.

i spent some time working for a large corporation, and i spent more time trying to make a living by
writing shrinkwrapped software,
but i have been providing c# and delphi
software consulting and contract services
for over twelve years now.

i have
written a lot about programming
over the years, starting with little filler articles and moving to long articles, chapters, and
solo books.
(in addition to
my new .net book,
i wrote a kylix book
that also got great reviews but that only sold a couple thousand copies.)

i write because i like being a writer and because it's probably good advertising,
but also i find that writing
makes me a better programmer and helps keep me current.
as a coder, i'm fast and make few mistakes. i'm pretty good at debugging, too.

i can write great code for you,

 and i can often
fix and/or finish buggy and incomplete code.

whether your project has features to finish or bugs to stomp, i'd be happy to

talk to you about ways that i can help.

(because of my new job (below) while i may be able to take on some consulting
jobs, i am neither looking for a job nor am i available for contract development.) 

my new job : :
23 years of occasionally impecunious independence ended in january, when i took a fulltime job
doing what turned out to be media indexing for linux cell phones
in, mercifully, c++. (i had been told i would be doing straight c, but it turns
out that only means the apis have to be straight c.)

i'm still relieved to be free of the boom-and-bust cycle, and i've been immersed
in a vast sea of things i haven't done before. even now that i've gotten my footing,
they do manage to keep me busy, and it's rarely boring.
a huge improvement on most places i've worked!

as in, no thank you, i'm not interested unless you want to drive me to work.



the name midnight beach comes from my taste for solitary exercise -
whether walking to the beach at night, or hiking and
mountain biking
on weekdays.






created on october 15, 1995, last updated may 20, 2007 •
contact jon@midnightbeach.com






