






fancibul french bulldogs-a fancier's french bulldog










         





karen k. 
            fore-monroe,  akc breeder of merit
oklahoma city area

 

fancibul 
focus:
  dedicated 
            to breeding healthy french bulldogs that meet the akc standard






                












 









            fancibul french 
            bulldogs 
            were bred by husband bob and i  in  tecumseh, ok from 1994  
            through 2011.  after bob's passing, the fancibuls and i, now 
            karen fore-monroe, relocated in my birthplace near oklahoma city.

our history:
 my 
            first-time introduction to the french bull dog breed was in 1992. 
            this was a rare breed at that time.   i watched a  
            little impish creature running in a backyard coursing in circle 8's. 
            she abruptyly  stopped to bow at my feet with the breed's  famous "playbow".   
            this adorable little creature  went home with me.  her life was short. however, that  
            brief encounter with a  french bulldog  led  to 
            a personal  l'affair du coeur with  french bulldogs.    
            by  1994, i had become a fancier 
            learning to train and show my fancibuls.   the   
            first fancibul  litter was born in november 1994.   the  keeper from my first 
            homebred litter, ("match")  won a 5 pt. major as best of breed 
            when  as we celebrated  his 6 mos. birthday .    i 
            became focused on  grasping the akc standard of the breed, 
            researching the breed's history, perusing pedigrees, genetics, the excitement of  caring 
            for frenchie puppies, learning to train and then present my 
            fancibuls with success and less awkwardness  in akc conformation shows.   it is a  
            challenge to plan a healthy mating and give love and special care to 
            a french bulldog.  without that, they cannot live a happy, 
            healthy and long life!   
fast forwarding 
            to 2022, fancibuls  evolved into a bloodline that has champions 
            in many countries of the world and also a family of dogs  that 
            has increased one-third in longevity.  the  parents and grandparents of my first four frenchies lived to be 9 
            l/2 to 10 1/2 years of age.  many are living 13-15 years,   although  prior to 
            1992, i  had owned cocker spaniels ,  the rare breed of anatolian 
            shepherds,  a komondor for guarding property, and later an 
            english bulldog and shih zhu to breed and show, no other breed   captured 
            my heart like this breed which  is often referred to as the  
            "dog in the cloak of a clown with a heart of a philosopher.  
            i decided to breed only frenchies.
the secret got 
            out!  from popularity 
            in the 1920's, the breed had became largely invisible in the usa. 
             i was  smitten with the uniqueness of their playful nature, 
            loving devotion, the minimal  grooming , and  size and 
            temperament  suitable for a household pet.  although 
            popular in 1992, the lack of vaccines and breed appropriate vet care 
            led to their becoming a rare breed.   it is now the 2nd  most popular 
            purebred breed according to the american  kennel  club.   
            i  limit my breeding program to a couple of well-planned  litters 
            per year.    i will be the first to 
            admit that a french bulldog is not the breed for every fancier of 
            purebred dogs nor is the french bulldog an  ideal pet for every home.   
            if deciding whether a french bulldog  is the right pet for your 
            family, take time to   read
            "am i the one?"

             





adults 
                  screened  by vets /vet specialists before breeding
                  puppies are kitchen-raised, nurtured, behaviorally shaped 
                  
                  all agreements and health guarantees  in writing
                  arrive with microchip, current vaccinations & wormings




       
            






 an akc 
                  breeder of merit and
                  member of the french bull dog club of america










for a dogtalk, call karen
              cell:  (405)250-3171 
              email: 

fancibul@aol.com










 



            competitive 
            record: 
            fancibul is 
            a "show kennel" which has evolved with a 28-year history of 
            producing 
healthy, high 
            quality french bulldogs that  can successfully  compete  
            in the american kennel club  conformation competitions, 
            obedience, and/or rallies.   fancibuls are represented by champions 
            in many other countries of the world.   watch the
            availabul page 
            for announcements.    by an email request, you may receive 
            newsletters that update plans for upcoming litters.   
            write fancibul@aol.com.

 fancibul french 
            bulldogs  have 
            produced  more than 70  french bulldogs that have achieved 
            titles in  conformation, obedience, rally and/or agility  
            competitions. 
            several fancibuls
            
 have top show 
            awards  outside the usa, e.g.    france,  canada, 
            argentina, brazil, thailand, taiwan, russia, and eastern european 
            competitions.   most were   trained and 
            handled by their proud owners.   my  latest akc 
            champs are 
 grc 
            ch fancibul sirius contender (sirius), grc ch fancibuls-sweet t 20fore kt gold (katie), fancibuls matchplay 
            (andre), 
            ch fancibuls finishing touch (chanel), ch fancibul grande boule de feu 
            (jerrylee),  
            and grc ch fancibuls bff barry.   for a look at some of 
            those recently showing-off, look at my 
            show-biz page.

greatest joy:    besides providing others 
            with the joy of owning a fancibul french 
            bulldog puppy, 
  i have 
            added one other facet to my original goal:   after 30  
            years of owning a frenchie  and 28 years participating in a 
            breeding program and enjoying  the sport of dogs,   i  
            now  derive gratification from  helping the next  
            generation of  fanciers enjoy this hobby  as they develop  
            their own  breeding programs.   i hope to leave a 
            legacy to this  breed that has given so much to my life  
            over the years.   it's gratifying to learn of  the  
            daily life as 
fancibuls 
             are 
            enjoying life  with others around the world.  i sense that 
            i am a  part of their joy in living their dream . if you need a 
            dogtalk, give me a call.

service to the 
            breed.  i  have 
            been a member of the french bull dog club of america  since 
            1996.  this national breed club has the distinction of being 
            the first among  akc-sanctioned national breed clubs.  i 
            have given time to serve as  breeder referral person;  
            chair person for the breeder's education committee; an  
            associate member of the dallas/fort worth french bulldog club (a 
            regional club for fanciers);  i received breeder of 
            distinction award from the french bull dog club of america;  in 
            2010; and am an   akc  breeder of merit.  i am in compliance 
            with the code of ethics of the french bull dog club of america.  
            please check 
            www.fbdca.org  for information about the breed, ethical 
            breeders, and policies established in the code of ethics.





                           wildcard judge (left)  
                  at the top twenty event
                                          of  the fbdca 
                  natl. specialty                           
                  



 













