













































gloria estefan







































the gloria estefan foundation




gift shop




facebook




instagram




twitter




contact us














































superfan 
wednesday - august 23rd 
on cbs at 8/7pmc










watch a movie with gloria estefan at the cosford cinema
september 16th at 5pm





			 get your tickets here:
				
https://cosfordcinema.com/event/watching-movies-with-gloria-estefan-young-frankenstein-1974/






the first latina to be inducted into the songwriters hall of fame

			catch a glimpse of the award ceremony here
			










gloria estefan to be the first latina to be inducted into the songwriters hall of fame
  				
				read more here: 
			
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/gloria-estefan-songwriters-hall-of-fame/
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/gloria-estefan-will-be-the-first-latina-inducted-to-the-songwriters-hall-of-fame-180981494/
https://www.usatoday.com/story/entertainment/music/2023/01/18/songwriters-hall-fame-inductees-2023-snoop-dogg-gloria-estefan-sade/11074278002/





thankful - official music video

from estefan family christmas album

available now on all streaming platforms


pre-order estefan family christmas now!










doy gracias por ti - video official















estefan family christmas

available on all streaming platforms oct 13th









          your browser does not support the video tag.








estefan family christmas

oct 13th

on all digital platforms!






          your browser does not support the video tag.












gloria estefan barbie! out now!!

get your very own by clicking here: https://creations.mattel.com/






          your browser does not support the video tag.








estefan family christmas album coming soon!!













visit vogue article 





















love is simple 💖 

 family is not ❌ 

but everyone can agree to stream #fatherofthebride june 16 on @hbomax.

















click here to compete!!! 

			lionel richie lauded by luke bryan, gloria estefan and others at gershwin prize concert!
show airs on pbs may 17
			


click here to read more! 












visit the gloria estefan foundation















all new episodes of red table talk: the estefans are now available on facebook watch!















'red table talk' inks overall deal with iheartmedia to launch podcast audio network





			   red table talk
exclusive: westbrook's red table talk franchise is expanding with an overall deal with iheartmedia to launch the red table talk audio network.

red table talk: the estefans
a new slate of co-produced podcasts is part of said deal including 5 new shows set to premiere in the next two years. the first will be the podcast version of the emmy award-nominated red table talk: the estefans-featuring gloria estefan, emily estefan, and lili estefan-making its debut on aug. 25 as part of iheartmedia's my cultura.

"we are thrilled to join the red table talk audio network," gloria tells deadline in an exclusive statement. "this podcast lets my fans get to know me, my amazing daughter, emily, and my niece, lili, on a deeper level through our hold-nothing-back opinions and life experiences. having our facebook show on this new network allows us to reach millions of new listeners everywhere and we're excited to have that opportunity."

the estefans' podcast joins two previously released series; red table talk hosted by jada pinkett smith, willow smith, and adrienne banfield-norris; and positively gam hosted by banfield-norris.

additional podcasts and creators joining the red table talk audio network will be announced in the coming months.

red table talk: the estefans from facebook watch was renewed for an additional 12 episodes in jan.

read more:
visit deadline.com 

visit the podcast:
podcast link












gloria estefan: sangre yoruba


premiering july 9th on pbs












gloria estefan joins andy garcia in father of the bride remake movie!




a resounding yes was my answer to the invitation to join my good friend, the incredibly talented andy garcia, for this new and wonderfully warm and funny incarnation of the classic, "father of the bride"! i've been a fan of director, gaz alazraki, since i saw his record breaking comedy, "nosotros los nobles" and can't wait to experience how he brings this amazing script by matt lopez to life.

mi respuesta fue un "si" contundente al recibir la invitación para acompañar a mi buen amigo, el talentoso andy garcía, en una nueva encarnación, llena de humor, corazón y mucho sabor, de la película clásica, "father of the bride"! admiro mucho al director, gaz alazraki desde que vi su comedia que rompió records, "nosotros los nobles" y estoy muy entusiasmada de participar y ver cómo el le da vida a este guion fenomenal de matt lópez.

read more here:

https://people.com/movies/gloria-estefan-joining-andy-garcia-in-father-of-the-bride-remake/

https://deadline.com/2021/04/gloria-estefan-andy-garcia-warner-bros-father-of-the-bride-1234742172/


https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/gloria-estefan-joins-father-of-the-bride-remake-cast













lin-manuel miranda's animated musical movie 'vivo' moves to netflix!

i am thrilled to be part of this heartwarming film!! can't wait for everyone to see it!

meet vivo, a musically-gifted kinkajou who embarks from havana to miami on a quest to deliver a love song! coming soon to @netflixfilm

"inspired by the words and music of lin-manuel, quiara and alex, hundreds of artists at sony pictures animation worked through uncharted and difficult times, bringing passion and beauty to every frame of the film. and as a musical, vivo is a love letter to latin music and this movie couldn't exist without the heartfelt work of our vocal talent, including gloria estefan, juan de marcos, zoe saldana, brian tyree henry, ynairaly simo and many others. i speak for everyone who helped make vivo when i say we couldn't be happier that our film can soon be enjoyed safely by millions of families on netflix." - kirk demicco, director
check out the trailer below!



















latin grammy® celebra ellas y su música first ever two-hour special to air sunday, may 9 at 8p/7c on univision








 a tribute to women in music - la música a través de ellas

for the first time on television, the latin recording academy® and univision, will celebrate the journey of women in music through a television special. 

legends, icons, and rising artists will gather to celebrate those who paved the way and inspired new generations - through unforgettable musical performances and never-before-told personal stories.

performers: anitta, vicky carr, cazzu, chiquis, aida cuevas, lila downs, shaila durcal, gloria estefan, kany garcía, goyo, leslie grace, alejandra guzmán, la india, mon laferte, ednita nazario, milly quezada, sofía reyes, raquel sofía, olga tañón and yuri.













          your browser does not support the video tag.












facebook watch orders 12 additional episodes of

red table talk: the estefans
from jada pinkett smith and westbrook studios
new episodes with hosts gloria, emily and lili estefan will premiere later this year on facebook watch

new episodes from the estefans will continue to highlight the three generations of women, as they come together with family, celebrity guests, experts, and more. no topic is off-limits as the women bring their own opinions, life experiences, and headline generating topics to the iconic table and to their communities. 

the first eight episodes of red table talk: the estefans debuted in october 2020 on facebook watch and featuredpowerful discussions with michelle rodriguez, rosie o donnell, the family of vanessa guillen, kate del castillo, lele pons and many others on topics ranging from sexuality, justice, grief, mental health, and more.

gloria estefan said: weve missed you, red table talk: the estefans fans and cant wait to see you again! taking on the iconic red table has been an immense privilege and enlightening journey for myself, emily, and lili, said gloria estefan, series host and executive producer. we look forward to continued exploration, growth, and healing in our upcoming episodes - and with my red gavel, much more than the rhythm is gonna get you!

red table talks creator and executive producer jada pinkett smith expressed: its been an honor to work with gloria and her family on a project that means so much to all of us. by inviting us into their lives, with such honest and vulnerable conversations, the estefans have touched the hearts of people everywhere, shining the light on topics that arent traditionally discussed in the hispanic community. we are looking forward to the new episodes of red table talk: the estefans. we hope you will join the estefans and the entire red table talk community as we continue the journey of healing with important, honest conversations that hopefully will inspire understanding, unity and encouragement all over the world.














          your browser does not support the video tag.














          your browser does not support the video tag.




















foxs new years eve toast and roast 2021
thursday, december 31, on fox 
featuring the first performance from the newly crowned winner of the masked singer, leann rimes,


an intimate studio performance by global superstar gloria estefan and a special tribute to health care workers from 2020 quarantines fan-favorite singer, doctor elvis!

along with epic iheartradio musical performances by some of 2020s top artists,

including ava max, gabby barrett, green day and john legend, as well as

celebrity appearances by cheyenne jackson, jane krakowski, leslie jordan, mayim bialik, morris chestnut, randy jackson, tim allen and tom payne.























gloria estefan performs 'rhythm is gonna get you'
the grammy award-winning musician, who is out with her new album called "brazil305," performs her hit song for "gma."














about gloria estefan
with worldwide sales of over 100 million records during her legendary career, gloria estefan has
garnered 38 #1 hits on the billboard charts. she is a seven-time grammy award-winning singer, actress,
songwriter, author of two new york times best-selling childrens books, philanthropist and
humanitarian. she is considered one of the worlds most recognizable and beloved performers and one
of the most successful crossover artists in latin music history. emilio and gloria estefan were the first
couple to receive the presidential medal of freedom, and gloria was the first cuban american singer-
songwriter to receive a kennedy center honor. the couple was also honored with the prestigious
gershwin prize for popular song by the library of congress. in addition, the smash broadway tony
award-nominated musical on your feet! is based on their lives and music.











 brazil305
 release 8.13.2020























brazil305, be among the first to listen!!
















          your browser does not support the video tag.
     


















rhythm is gonna get you 2020




















          your browser does not support the video tag.


























































































			    
			   



















brazil305 takes over times square























©2022 gloria estefan. all rights reserved.







