











the opera critic :: the world of opera including reviews, news and articles























home




reviews




articles




companies




singers




cd/dvd




multimedia




search suite




contact









login | subscribers area | subscription options

 




home
19 february 2025







		follow our newsfeed on	x	


conductor barenboim reveals parkinson's diagnosisbbc newsmore news >> news


oper! awards 2025la monnaie | de munt21 feb 2025 live at 19:30 cetand on demand till 21 apr 2025cost: freeoperavisionmore streaming >> streaming




 








götterdämmerungla monnaie | de muntno. of reviews: 14reviewsmore reviews >> reviews


opéra nice côte d'azurnicecompany pagemore companies >> companies


benjamin bernheimmore on singers >> singers



welcome to theoperacritic.com
the world's leading gateway and information resource for opera on the internet



 








la sonnambulawest bay opera

 








lucrezia borgiateatro dell'opera di roma

 






la wallyteatro filarmonico, verona

 








l'enfant et les sortilègessemperoper dresden

 






mary, queen of scotsenglish national opera

 


pagliaccisarasota opera

 








vec makropulosscottish opera

 








the fall of the house of usherstaatstheater mainz

 




roméo et julietteteatro di san carlo

 








la favoriteopera de la abao 
become a subscriber!



theoperacritic.com is a subscription based website. subscribers to the website enjoy exclusive and unparalleled coverage of 
    current happenings in opera from around the world, including:






links to over 50,000 opera reviews in a range of languages
links to cd and dvd reviews
schedule and casting information for over 
300 opera companies around the world, including a dedicated page for each company






links to over 18,000 news-related items and articles on opera
over 33,000 production photos and videos from around the world
a searchable database that allows you to access our extensive archive which goes back over 6 years






 news, reviews and headlines at theoperacritic.com
        are updated daily. at-a-glance panels (as shown 
        at left and below) feature highlights of our ever-changing 
        coverage. 
    with subscriptions starting as low as us$4.95, 
       theoperacritic.com will quickly become an essential 
       part of your opera browsing experience. 
    in order to introduce you to the great content 
       on theoperacritic.com we are offering you the chance 
       to take a 7-day, no obligation free trial! click 
       here to take the trial.	



videos
normamusiktheater an der wienorphée aux enferstheater aachenlucrezia borgiateatro dell'opera di roma

 

saimircdreviews 

donizettiroberto devereuxcdreviews 

teatro la feniceopera collection, volume idvdreviewsmore cd/dvd reviews >> cd/dvd reviews














suggest an article or review for inclusion on theoperacritic.com





information
if you would like to suggest an artcle or review for inclusion on theoperacritic.com then please complete the form to the right.
only use this option to submit articles and reviews already published online. it should not be used to submit freelance work not already published.
please note that the inclusion of items submitted will be at the discretion of the editor.





this function is currently unavailable
please email links to us using the email on the contact page







existing subscriber?


cick here to login if you already have a subscription




subscription options


all subscription options
take a free 7 day trial
new subscription
renew your subscription
subscribe after 7 day trial




schedule search


city



country


select a country (optional)
argentinaaustraliaaustriabelgiumbulgariacanadachilechinacroatiaczechiadenmarkestoniafinlandfrancegermanygreecehungaryirelandisraelitalyjapanlatvialithuanialuxembourgmonaconetherlandsnew zealandnorwayomanpolandportugalromaniarussiaslovakiasloveniasouth africaspainswedenswitzerlanduaeunited kingdomusa


month


february 2025march 2025april 2025may 2025june 2025july 2025august 2025september 2025october 2025november 2025december 2025january 2026february 2026march 2026april 2026may 2026june 2026july 2026








enter one or more 
         of the above parameters to search for performances 
         you are looking for, eg paris in june 2025.









the opera critic
      po box 99826
      newmarket
    auckland 1149 
    new zealand

new subscription
renew a subscription
susbcribe from trial

contact us | faq
terms of use
privacy




copyright © 2025 the opera critic
