
























campbell construction – commercial contractor








































menu ⌄

our process
our work

multi family
senior living
places of worship
commercial/office
manufacturing


our team
let’s talk
 




we are happy you are here.
 
let's build your legacy
 

 

 

 



you are in the right place.

we are here to make the construction process simple. our goal is to not only build you the space you envisioned, but to provide you with solutions and take the pain out of construction. 
when you aren't sure where to begin, what steps to take, or what type of project your budget can afford, we are ones you can call. 




 





where do i start?
getting your project started is but one item on your long to-do list. we're here to help you work through it all from start to finish.

read more


x


where do i start?
we can spare you the headaches. we will deal with the details on your behalf, update you regularly, and get you to the finish line as effortlessly as possible. for your project to succeed, we will relentlessly implement and execute from site selection and approvals to design and construction. 






who do i talk to?
we believe we need a well rounded team to bring the best ideas to the table. we will find the best fit for  your specific project

read more


x


who do i talk to?
we cannot do what we do alone. we rely on tenacious people similar to us to give you the best, brightest group of people to get the job done. whether it be architects, engineers, tradesmen/women, or members of your team, we need each skillset to bring your vision to reality. 






how do i manage it all?
we are fiercely loyal people with a crazy idea: relationships before contracts, people before projects. we are honored to help you.

read more


x


how do i manage it all?
we understand this is a big deal, and you should only do it with the people you trust. we maintain eternal optimism to provide the best service, with the most fun along the way. this priority is the foundation of our approach to your church, retail center, healthcare facility, senior living neighborhood, industrial facility, or multifamily community.








our work

 
 human life services

 
 emaus street

 
 lowengard building - under construction

 
 residence at wyomissing

 
 the residence on church

 
 affordable housing advocates: wellsville house

 
 kindig house

 
 office renovation - under construction

 
 jls automation: phase 1

 
 the view at mackenzi

 
 red lion controls

 
 ymca downtown park

 
 church list

 
 trinity lutheran church

 
 otterbein united methodist church

 
 glenview alliance church

 
 the oaks and reserve at copper chase

 
 audio professional hearing center (york)

 
 york techrev

 
 habitat for humanity re-store

 
 presbyterian senior living

 
 providence community church

 
 the reserve at harbor landing

 
 planet fitness - columbia

 
 the encore at laurel ridge

 
 planet fitness - ephrata

 
 traditions bank admin center

 
 chapel united methodist church

 
 st mary's catholic church

 
 jls automation

 
 wpmt fox 43 sales offices

 
 jsdc law firm

 
 zwingli united church of christ

 
 richter precision, inc.

 
 reamstown church of god

 
 white oak displays

 
 piney court at the village of laurel run

 
 evolve salon

 
 absketches

 
 calvary united methodist

 
 grace fellowship church

 
 people's bank corporate center

 
 the village of laurel run

 
 planet fitness — kendig

 


our team



todd bowser




mallory ford




steve taylor




brad clarkson




lindy hitzel




dan nace




dan krape




nate keeney




nate patterson




john gibble




let's talk



first name
					

last name
					

email address
					

company name
					

street address
					




city
					

state
					



help us to serve you faster by letting us know how we can help you

quote request
general information

project name
					


					message:
					

i wish to receive promotional emails from campbell associates.










get in touch
if you have any questions or would like to schedule a personal consultation please feel free to contact us. we would love to speak with you.

  717.840.0022
   1422 6th ave
york, pa 17403
  lindyh@campbellbuilds.com



stay up to date
stay up to date with everything we have going on and to hear good news about our partners by signing up for our digital newsletter!

email address

 









