






 



home



































































 


















skip to content






marktier.com
money, markets & mischief


home investor tools my books money | markets | mischief free stuff 

search:
search











 
home investor tools my books money | markets | mischief free stuff 










harness the investment genius of
warren buffett & george soros

discover the mental habits and strategies that
made them the world’s richest investors
warren buffett and george soros both started with nothing—and made billion-dollar fortunes solely by investing. their investment strategies are total opposites—yet they religiously follow exactly the same mental habits and strategies.
adopt these mental habits yourself and —
revolutionize your investment returns >>


what’s your investment iq? see how you compare to warren buffett, carl icahn and george soros—the world’s richest investors more >>
discover the investment style that suits you best: the simplest way to make more money in the markets more >>








how to spot the next starbucks, whole foods, walmart or mcdonald’s
before its shares explode
a low risk investment you can virtually buy and forget. as with starbucks when it listed:
$1,000 invested then is now worth $201,901.18—a return of 202 times your money.
discover the “5 clues” to spotting the next hot growth company. which are also the “5 ingredients” for improving your own business—or even starting the next starbucks yourself!
read excerpts now





money markets & mischief
why the “greens” are really “browns”january 24, 2025if there is a god, will you get into his heaven?november 20, 2024three steps you should take before you invest a dimejuly 15, 2024the main reasons investors lose moneyjune 24, 2024how freedom can be the best defencenovember 16, 2023how and why the super-rich just love the income tax!september 4, 2023warren buffett’s [not-so] “secret sauce”june 7, 2023how the “economics of war” turns goods into “bads”may 16, 2023how dead investors  can outperform  the livingmarch 6, 2023





ayn rand on
barack obama—
“an unprincipled power luster who’s been on both sides of every key issue.”
that’s what rand said about jimmy carter. but it applies equally to barack obama who, as president, broke every election promise he made in the 2008 campaign.
with the exception of “obamacare”— which rand would have skewered with much the same words she used to tear apart george mcgovern in 1972.
this is just one example of rand’s many statements we can adapt to current issues. master her 5 surprisingly simple rules for judging political candidates and you’ll never be fooled by a politician again!

amazon.com


rave reviews from amazon readers:
“worthy of ayn rand…a spellbinding adventure”
“epic storyline comes together brilliantly. great set of characters whose trials will have you thinking”
“up there with the girl with the dragon tattoo. powerful, intense, very well written”
read excerpts


“excellent!”
—richard russell, editor, dow theory letters.
“based on a stunningly simple idea”
—doug casey, editor, international speculator
“smorgasbord of investing wisdom”
—better investing magazine
“the world is full of get-rich-quick schemes, but this definitely isn’t one of them”
—publishers weekly
read excerpts












 free ebook

check it out now
my bookshow to spot the next starbucks, whole foods, walmart, or mcdonald’s
the winning investment habits of warren buffett & george soros
ayn rand’s 5 surprisingly simple rules for judging political candidates
trust your enemies
when god speaks for himself
give me liberty
visions of liberty
freedom!
free stuffhow to get a second passport
discover your investment personality
rev up your investment iq
do you commit any of the seven deadly investment sins?
classic jokes
what’s your biblical iq?
















sign up here to receive a short email when a new blog is posted:


name: 





email: 













 








					© marktier.com 2005 - 2021
                

about disclaimer privacy policy sitemap contact bottom footer







go to top





























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok









































