
male rings, custom made male gemstone rings in gold and silver













 

male rings, custom made male gemstone 
rings in gold and silver 

male ring 
custom male rings, gold or sterling silver 




home 
male rings 01 
      male rings 02 
      
male garnet 
      rings male saphire rings 
    
male ruby 
      rings male onyx 
      rings 
male citrine 
      rings male diamond 
      rings 
male fashion 
      rings male claddagh 
      rings 
male pendants 
      male 
      cufflinks 
until not so long ago, a 
male ring was nothing more than a clumsy lump of metal. jewellers convinced 
buyers that a well designed and crafted male ring, would not look masculine. 
this worked to the advantage of jewellers who made male rings that had bad 
craftsmanship, low quality gemstones and boring designs. the changing trend in 
the styles and creation of a male ring are rightly attributed to a few jewellers 
like kaisilver. we released the first collection of high end male rings into a 
market, that was made to believe that, a fine quality male ring would look 
dainty and fragile, that good quality gemstones were good only for ladies rings, 
that good quality craftsmanship was not suitable for a male ring. while buyers 
were willing to understand and change, stiff resistance was put up by leading 
jewellers. we met this challenge in a truly professional way, expert teams were 
set up to study the lifestyles of modern men and the types of male rings that 
could keep pace with their hectic lifestyle. inputs from this research were used 
in every kaisilver male ring design. we decided to use our efforts and resources 
to educate buyers regarding, good quality male rings. we have today proved that, 
men deserve to have access to well designed, well crafted male jewelry that is 
customized to their preferences. kaisilver today leads the market segment for 
high quality male rings, in gold and sterling silver. 

all jewelry custom made in gold or 
sterling silver, with gemstones of your choice 







male ring with 
      sapphire 

male ring with black 
      onyx 

unique male ring 
      design 




multi gemstone male 
      ring 

male star sapphire 
      ring 

large gemstone men's 
      ring 




male diamond gold ring 
      

men's three gemstone 
      ring 

male garnet gemstone 
      ring 




 male ring with 
      carnelian 

 blue lapis ring for 
      male 

 male gemstone ring 
      iolite 


who is kaisilver? 

we have been a pioneer in developing the online market for high 
end custom jewelry. with no sales gimmicks and ear blasting marketing campaigns, 
we today hold the top spot as the world's leading online jewelry provider. our 
production and designing facilities include over 3,500 skilled craftsmen, 
artisans and gemstone cutters. with connections to the world's largest sources 
of gemstones, we have preferential access to over 200 million carats of 
gemstones. seven top notch designers from five nations create some of the most 
exotic jewelry designs ever seen. today over 6,000 people in 17 nations proudly 
wear a kaisilver jewel. our buyers include government officials, fashion models, 
members of the armed forces, sportsmen, students, doctors and surgeons, 
professors, housewives, lawyers, journalists, financial experts, hotel and 
casino owners and others. all our jewellery is custom made in 14k or 18k 
white or yellow gold. you can choose from yellow or white gold and all gem stone 
options are available. since each piece is individually made, all design 
modifications are available. you can even send us images of your favourite 
designs to be custom made. 




some buyer testimonials 
      

.......received ring 
      yesterday as you promised. it is stunning, more beautiful than i expected. 
      the design and craftsmanship are outstanding. thank you again, it has been 
      a pleasure doing business with you. i will highly recommend you to 
      everyone i know, and look forward to doing business with you in the 
      future. your entire staff has been professional and you displayed a high 
      degree of honesty and integrity throughout the transaction. thank your 
      staff and your craftsman for their incredible work. please feel free to 
      use me as a reference as a extremely satisfied customer. take care, i wish 
      you all well. lt. colonel james william brady usa, ret. beverly hills, 
      florida 

wow!!! pendant looks even 
      better than i imagined. stone work is beautiful and the cross is more 
      beautiful than the design i submitted initially to develop the piece. i 
      appreciate the timely replies and expert advice turning my idea into a 
      wonderful piece of jewelry. my wife is going to be very pleased with this 
      family pendant. mr. padgett, william s. cdr nhc paxriver nas, u.s


custom men's tanzanite and 
      diamond ring arrived yesterday. the ring is absolutely beautiful! the 
      detail and craftsmanship were well worth the wait. i took it to my jeweler 
      who was very impressed with the price and especially the 
      weight/craftsmanship. thank you for the time and communication to make 
      this ring perfect for him. ms.sherri lyn, u.s.a


i just recieved the ring you 
      made for me and i wanted to tell you all thank you a million times over. 
      it is even more beautiful than the picture. i also wanted to tell you 
      thank you so much for working with me on everything and keeping me 
      informed throughout the whole process. this is without a doubt the most 
      beautiful and awesome ring i have ever seen and my girlfriend loved it 
      more than i did. so thank you so much. i look foreward to doing busisness 
      with you again on other jewlry purchases in the future. warmest regards, 
      best wishes, and 1 million thanks, mr.andrew myers, u.s


these rings are the most 
      beautiful, gorgeous rings i have ever seen in my life! the way they are 
      crafted, they will last for generations to come. every piece surpassed my expectations! the weight of this ring is heavy. the 
      craftsmanship is exquisite. ...... i know that i would never 
      purchase anything that heavy and beautiful here in new york. the 
      bloodstone pendant is magnificent. 
      i have never seen anything like it. super solid and beautiful. the 
      jade ring is breathtaking 
      ........ my congratulations and gratitude to all of you for all of 
      your suggestions, guidance, 
      patience, craftsmanship, honesty and above all your aaaa quality. 
      ...... if you want to publish this, you have my blessing. and if 
      references are needed i can be contacted anytime. especially for all of 
      you. ........ yours truly, ms.angela stivaletti and her son 
      michael. 
ordering male rings and 
other kaisilver jewelry 
all kaisilver jewelry is fully custom made. this means that we 
can accomodate all your requirements in the jewelry that you order. with an 
impressive base of over 3,500 skilled craftsmen and artisans, we are capable of 
making just about any jewel that you need. we encourage you to discuss all your 
requirements with our team of experts. you can email us with your doubts and 
queries at sales@kaisilver.com and we will be glad to provide clear 
explanations and answers. you are under no obligation to purchase any jewelry 
from us so, do get the benefit of our expertise. our preferred mode of 
payment is through paypal and our email for paypal is 
info@kaisilver.com we are international, verified, premium account 
holders of paypal so you transact with confidence. we do accept payment through 
western union money transfers but, do not recommend it for first time users. if 
you still, prefer to use western union money transfer, let us know and we will 
provide you with payment details. direct bank transfers are also accepted as a 
payment option but, is generally reserved for repeat buyers only. 
shipping is through fedex and you will be provided with the tracking 
number when the parcel ships. the shipping charges are generally 25 u.s$ - 50 
u.s$, we will let you know the exact shipping charge once we have your location 
details. shipping is normally done within 4 to 5 weeks of order confirmation and 
receipt of payment. we need this time as, there is an immense amount of skilled 
craftsmanship required in creating each high quality jewel. 







home 
male 
      tanzanite ring 
male iolite 
      ring 
male 
      birthstone ring 
buying tips 
      
why buy from 
      us 
contact us 
      
newsletter 
  
about your kaisilver male ring 
you should know that two 
male rings could look very similar but yet be completely different. many built 
in features of your kaisilver male ring might not be visible externally, but 
they work quietly in the background to strengthen the ring and make it more 
durable and sturdy. a researched design ensures that every male ring is 
given equal emphasis for good looks and longterm durability. the ring design 
takes the physical properties of the gemstone, ring dimensions, ring size and 
other details into consideration. typically, kaisilver male rings weigh around 
50% to 60% more as compared to rings from other jewellers. this does show 
on the price tag and put us out of the reach of the cheaper mass market jewels 
but, it also ensures that our rings last longer and do not bend or dent easily. 
we provide a wide range of gemstone options that no other jeweller can 
match. with direct and preferential access to a massive gemstone inventory base 
of over 200 million carats, we can procure and custom cut, just about any 
gemstone that you might need. another very important advantage of getting a 
kaisilver male ring is that, all rings can be ordered in sterling silver or 
gold. the same set of craftsmen work on the gold and silver rings, this 
ensures that you get good craftsmanship for your gold or silver male ring. there 
are no design limitations for choosing your male ring, all design modifications 
are possible. you can ofcourse send us sketches, images or design concepts of 
your favourite designs too. 





more kaisilver 
      jewelry 


gemstone jewlery * custom 
      jewelry * tanzanite jewelry * jewelry 
      newsletter * cat rings 
      * cuff links 
      * made to order jewellery 
      * men's wedding 
      bands * large men's 
      rings * custom fine jewelry * 
      aquamarine, 
      citrine gemstones male rings * male rings 
      with blue topaz gem stone * ruby, green 
      jade male ring * irish cladag 
      male rings * men's sapphire rings * 
      gents jewelry 
      * male rings 
      white gold * star sapphire 
      men's ring * man garnet 
      rings * wedding band 
      information and designs * man cuff 
      links, custom made * male rings 
      wedding * men's 
      pendants * wedding band 
      collection * custom made bracelets 
      * custom men's 
      onyx rings  *  index 
      map

