














home | administration




skip to main content


















administration





secondary header menu


contact office of avc


covid-19 protocols


bruins safe online






main navigation


about



welcome


administrative vice chancellor


leadership team


vision & values


strategic plan and priorities


annual reports


policies and guidance


taskforces, committees and reports


ucla administration org chart




administrative units



campus human resources


environment, health & safety


events & transportation


facilities management


financial & organizational services


housing & hospitality


information technology services




news & views



current issue


past issues




staff resources



insider resources


administration roundtable


administration equity council



affinity groups


vc beck’s welcome note


ucla administration equity council chair’s message


equity council speaker series


equity council advisors


manager tools


equity council newsletter


edi education resources


reporting




administration leadership forum


award and development programs


monthly management tips


work environment survey


grow bruins!




contact us





search icon















search the site:


























 










providing exceptional bruin experiences












 









 









 

















 











“ucla administration is at the heart of ucla's vibrant campus environment. our team’s dedication extends beyond infrastructure; it encompasses nearly every facet of what makes the bruin experience exceptional. this includes efficient parking and transportation options, the nation’s no. 1 college dining program, dynamic event ticketing and comfortable accommodations. it also includes keeping our grounds and facilities clean and functioning; creating important environmental health and safety initiatives; and delivering excellent information technology services, human resources and administrative support. our 4,700 team members not only keep the university running; we propel it forward.”
— michael beck, administrative vice chancellor
read more about adminstration's mission, vision and values








 






 



top links





 










use of ucla name, logos or marks
authorization is needed to use names, seals, trademarks, and domain names. view our guide to obtaining permission to use them and submit your request for authorized use.
request use of ucla name, logo or mark









policies and guidance
policies, guidance and plans from ucla administration to help guide decision making during campus operations.view ucla administration policies and guidance









task forces, committees, reports and plans
ucla administration organizes special task forces to bring campus leaders together to address campus-wide issues and plan coordinated responses.view task forces, committees, reports and plans









administration equity council
promoting an inclusive environment and supporting the recruitment and retention of a talented and successful workforce within ucla administration.
visit administration equity council pages









 









administration news & views




all administration news & views










 







october 29, 2024


ucla introduces chatgpt enterprise on campus – a first for california higher ed





this move further positions ucla at the forefront of artificial intelligence advancements and brings focused innovative technology to ucla and the uc system

















 








october 29, 2024


how can ucla protect against phishing, ransomware and other threats?





drake chang discusses the major threats to colleges and universities and how students, faculty and staff can guard against cybercriminals.
















 








october 29, 2024


ucla expands graduate housing with new canfield apartments in cheviot hills





ucla has acquired a newly built 62-unit apartment building in west los angeles, adding 142 beds to its graduate student inventory. 
















 








october 29, 2024


ucla hired uc’s first chief data and ai officer 





chris mattmann joins ucla following 24 years at nasa’s jet propulsion laboratory, where he most recently served as chief technology and innovation officer.


































(310) 825-2411
adminvc@ucla.edu






©
      2025
      regents of the
      university of california



emergency


accessibility


report misconduct


privacy & terms of use





facebook



instagram



linked



x



youtube



tiktok



threads









