






healing oasis |



































student section








home
postgraduate programs

postgraduate state-approved programs
vsmt program
vmrt program


ce seminars

ce seminar dates
vsmt/vmrt post-graduate application forms – for auditing


graduates/alumni
bales
directions/hotels
in memoriam
mentors
links
contact us












 























































































































what is the healing oasis wellness center?

the school was founded in 1998.
provides several postgraduate programs, as well as continuing education seminars.

learn more...








postgraduate programs & continuing education
idl-hybrid vsmt postgraduate certification program
vmrt postgraduate certification program
continuing education seminars








faculty
there is no program without an outstanding faculty. come and meet the professionals that make our school and programs “holistic veterinary learning at its best!”



our faculty






how to find a successful graduate
vsmt alumni
vmrt alumni testimonials











some of our 2024 conference speakers. from left to right: ms. rachel yoquelet, rvt, vts-ecc, cvmrt; dr. pedro rivera; dr. stephanie thomovsky (go purdue…just saying)



2025 conference (silver anniversary celebration). nov 7th – 9th, 2025, at the national university of health sciences, lombard, il.
(please refresh your browser to ensure you view the most current information)

theme: knowledge – like a precious metal, is priceless
dates: november 7th – 9th, 2025
location: national university of health sciences, lombard, il.

more information







healing oasis wellness center – short videos

main campus
hands-on clinical practicum facility







mission statement
“the healing oasis wellness center (howc) is an educational institution dedicated to the advancement and teaching of the knowledge base (both didactic and practical)  in veterinary spinal manipulative therapy (vsmt); veterinary massage and rehabilitation therapy (vmrt) and functional neurology and anatomy as they pertain to the above manipulative health care therapies.  the healing oasis wellness center is also committed to providing up to date continuing education in different aspects of the above-said programs.”







all animals used during all of the hands-on lab has been given a second chance on life and come to us from abuse and neglect and in return for their “new lease on life.” they help the student learn and understand the science as well as the compassion that we as professionals strive for.



 









healing oasis wellness center2555 wisconsin st. • sturtevant, wi 53177-8100 • phone: 262-898-1680 • fax: 262-886-6460 • us toll free: 866-203-7584 •  email: contact@healingoasis.edu



 


























