






















lake winnipesaukee nh | best vacation spot in the lakes region nh




































































 

























menuhome

contact us things to do advertising stuart morris tracey morris jason morris hiking trails
winnipesaukee attractions

castles arcades in lakes region lakes region bowling nh covered bridges cruises and tours miniature golf movie theaters museums and historical societies lake winnipesaukee winter carnival
lakes region links

lakes region nh real estate nh timeshares lakes region autos lakes region boats lakes region lodging lakes region services
lakes region campingnh boating

lake winnipesaukee boat launches boat rentals lake winnipesaukee boating services restaurants by boat lake winnipesaukee early steam boats how to launch a boat ice sailing on lake winnipesaukee nh mail boats navigating lake winnipesaukee lakes region marinas places to canoe or kayak canoeing lakes region
restaurant

dine by location fast foods night life
nh towns

alton nh belmont nh center harbor nh franklin nh gilford nh gilmanton nh holderness nh laconia nh meredith nh moultonborough nh sanbornton nh sandwich nh tilton nh tuftonboro nh wolfeboro nh ossipee nh
lake region info

nh lakes nh beaches lake region hiking trails new hampshire laconia nh bike week winni island hikes squam hiking trails gunstock trails drive the loop, lake winnipesaukee nascar in the lakes region winnipesaukee fishing derbies vacation ownership mt. major nh history scuba diving
close 

















 







welcome to lake winnipesaukee





season events

kick-off time for spring and summer events lake winnipesaukee! plan to visit these future events with us in the lakes region for spring and summer fun and experience this beautiful lakes area so many have already come to love!


read more...









discover the lakes region

looking for the top things to do during your lakes region vacation getaway, with options for every age and interest. there's so much to experience at each stop, and once you've discovered the magical pull of new hampshire's lakes....


read more...









take the loop drive

an 81-mile loop around the big lake takes you from laconia, meredith, center harbor, ossipee mountain area to wolfeboro, and finally landing you in the alton bay area. take heart, the drive is long but it's a must do if visiting the area....


read more...









lodge here





dine here





play here





business spotlight
digital marketing





business spotlight
'custom artwork'





business spotlight
portable self storage





business spotlight
online incorporationchoose your new hampshirelakes region cities and towns












altonnh







belmont nh







centerharbor







franklinnh







gilfordnh







gilmantonnh













holdernessnh







laconianh







meredithnh







moultonboronh







sanborntonnh







sandwichnh













tiltonnh







tuftonboronh







wolfeboronh







ossipeenh







altonnh







belmont nh















lake winnipesaukee rated top lake to visit in new hampshire


winter, spring, summer or fall, lake winnipesaukee is the top nh place to visit.  this is a year-round vacation wonderland with something for everyone to do, young and older alike. whether you live here or just vacation here in the lakes region, the fun begins with every daily adventure! 
beach advisory nh lakes and beaches
looking to stay in the lakes region? there are many hotel and resort opportunities for you to enjoy our lakes and mountain wonderland. we have loads of helpful information here from local dining and lodging to adventures around the winnipesaukee region. 
lake winnipesaukee and the surrounding lakes area communities offer vacationers an opportunity to ski some of the finest powder in new england, snowmobile across endless miles of maintained trails, camp at some of the most beautiful wilderness settings, and boat on our many pristine lakes. enjoy nature camping or find a lodge, chalet, condo, or house rental. there really is no better place to spend time with family and friends. right now, whichever the season outside our window, there are countless adventures awaiting your arrival.
top ten things to do in the nh lakes region

the m/s mount washington cruise ship – alton bay
funspot and water slides weirs beach –  laconia
gunstock mountain resort  – gilford
bank of new hampshire pavilion gilford
weirs beach gaming pavilion –  weirs beach
zip lining  – gunstock resort – gilford
mount washington cruises  – weirs beach – laconia
pirates cove adventure mini golf – meredith
squam lakes natural science center – holderness nh
the history of lake winnipesaukee

 
summer in the lakes region is simply a refreshing time of year. the boats, sports cars, water skiing, diving, kayaking and unique country inns and shops make this time of year great for your vacation getaway.
winter in the lakes region? weather permting of course. the fun never stops any time on this majestic lake. nothing compares to the breathtaking beauty of winter on lake winnipesaukee! as you step out onto the ice, frosty breath in the air, adorned with your favorite winter apparel, you can witness the fly-in onto the big lake or the winter carnival. one of the most exciting events in winter for the whole family. the frozen tundra is dotted with ice fishing bob houses as far as the eye can see. there is ice skating, ice fishing, dog sled racing, snowmobiles and ice boats that fly with the wind. whatever your interests or time of year, lake winnipesaukee will leave lasting memories and great family fun!
if you like to ski or snowboard, the most popular gunstock resort in gilford nh is just minutes away from alton bay area. this mountain is perfect for all ages and abilities and you cannot beat the majestic views of lake winnipesaukee that you view as your soaring down the slopes!
  ….have you ever asked what you can do in the lake winnipesaukee region? lake winni is the perfect natural wonderland designed for all the activities imaginable. i challenge you to find a place where you can do so much!





being one of the highest ranked portals for the winnipesaukee region, our goal is to provide the best information to our users and we offer  low-cost choices to advertise your business locally.  our lakes region advertising is inexpensive and reaches your audience. [advertising options]












lake winnipesaukee total islands 274-365
inhabitable lake winnipesaukee islands = 244
lake winnipesaukee is 504 feet above sea level 
maximum depth: 200+ feet (off rattlesnake island)
average depth: 40-45 feet 
width: approximately 15 miles at widest point
water surface: 72 square miles or 46,586 acres
inhabitable lake winnipesaukee islands = 244
lake winnipesaukee is 504 feet above sea level 
maximum depth: 200+ feet (off rattlesnake island)
average depth: 40-45 feet 
volume: 625 billion gallons 
length: approximately 28 miles




 

giweather needs javascript.
giweather wordpress widget











online business incorporation












































contact information:






info@lakewinnipesaukee.net















stuart morris and tracey morris alton nh 













                view live new england traffic information
            


















                                            copyright 2004 - 2024 - 20 years serving the lakes region - privacy policy - design by digiscream.com - a stuart morris webportal 










































