



ok, we don't have sugar, beaters or measuring cups — livejournal






















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































dannipenguin
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














dannipenguin







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement










dannipenguin


recent entries friends archive profile
add to friends rss

ok, we don't have sugar, beaters or measuring cups
let's see what sort of cake we can make!





this service terminates here. all change please. all change.dannipenguinmay 13th, 2010this blog has come to an end. this has been a long time coming, but basically i feel that i can no longer support livejournal with my content and money. secondly, lots of people on the technical planets don't enjoy reading the things i write about my life.i haven't stopped blogging though! i'm moving my personal life over to danni @ dreamwidth, who are awesome. if you want to be part of dreamwidth, i have some invite codes; comment here and hopefully i can hook you up.i have also started a geek blog on blogs.gnome.org: the aptly named scrambled tofu. this is the blog that should be syndicated to any planets.i won't be cross posting; this is the end of the tape. when i'm feeling procrustinatey, i'll send around emails to ask for my planet subscriptions to be updated, or if you're a planet administrator, and super keen, here's the feed. leave a comment below and i won't bug you with email :o)tags: admin, blogging



1 commentleave a commentshareflag










archive
may2010

smtwtfs


      1
2345678
9101112131415
16171819202122
23242526272829
3031     



page summary

this service terminates here. all change please. all change. — 1 comment




linksdreamwidthscrambled tofu



tags
admin, blogging 


comments

automorphic.blogspot.com13 may 2010, 16:21this service terminates here. all change please. all change.i'm not looking forward to the day when all pgo posters are bullied into posting nothing but on-topic technical treatises.you've got to do what's right for you, but i, for one, will miss seeing…



        powered by livejournal.com









































