

the no kill i - sacramento star trek punk rock band- www.nokilli.com







take 
  it up with star fleet, lady!! 


 

welcome 
  to nokilli.com, no wait, that's nokilli dot khaaan. 
  it's such a happy world we live in.
it's been a while since we've updated anything here. people say, "i thought you broke up years ago". we quit looking for shows years ago but we'll sometimes play when asked. there are 6 of us in this band, and we're all lazy. 
we joined creative content. it basically says feel free to use our songs as long as you're not a ferengi about it. you can use it, transmit it, play with it, abuse it, remix it and do what you want as long as you're not making money off them. as an example, the stuff that churchhatestucker put on youtube.



this music free to share under a creative
commons music sharing license.



trekkies 
2 sacramento premiere - july 2004.
the no kill i is 
  a star trek punk rock band that's been around since 1993. don't ask me why, 
  because i sure as hell don't know, but we were a hogan's 
  heroes band for a little while. shows are usually pretty out of control 
  what with the booze and the destruction and the flames and the costumes and 
  the fights and the blood and the gore and the spitting. 
from a show at the 
  capital garage, "that wasn't even funny, they're just a bunch of drunks."
we celebrated our 
  10 years as a band being filmed for trekkies 
  2 on july 26, 2003. i'm sure you must've seen trekkies. it's pretty danged 
  good. it would've been better if they filmed us for the 1st trekkies back when 
  we were young loudmouths, because now we're all old retards, but gabba gabba 
  hey...
the best quote at 
  that show was after cap'n kirk had his pants pulled down. some random girl, 
  "he's got prettier panties than me!" 
trekkies 
  2 hollywood premiere review! 
sacramento 
  trekkies 2 premiere & soundtrack review!!
check 
  out other show reports.
this chuckleheaded 
  site is mostly written by a chump with a hole in his head (another true story), 
  there's pictures and vital info scanned in. names and places and events known 
  to none but ourselves. i use "known" in a theoretical sense because 
  gornzilla, the cap'n, and the abe lincoln are usually playing blacked-out drunk. no, 
  really. it's quite professional and if you don't remember doing something, you 
  don't regret it or even have to apologize. it's a lot like going back into time. 
  time traveling through a bottle. 
cast and crew:

the 
  singing sassmaster - cap'n 
  kirk. or cap'n pike when he broke his leg and played in a wheelchair. we spray-painted 
  a box black and stuck it over him. he sat there looking vacant flashing his 
  lights. we had to pour beer into him. i love being in this band. cap'n james tequila kirk. 
drumming 
  duties - mr. spock or sometimes 
  a romulan, andorian, or evil spock from mirror mirror
guitar 
  diva - yeoman rand. man, 
  how'd we get a girl anywhere near star trek let alone a star trek band?
keyboarding 
  queen - sheman rand (6 
  foot cross-dresser) so geeky, s/he owns a comic book store.
guitar 
  geek - the hard drinkin' 
  abe lincoln (if you catch that star trek reference you really are a geek). formerly 
  red shirt expendable guy. used to be trekkie guy. used to be "dr. mccoy" 
  with quotes, natch (not quote snatch). by the way, the real hard drinkin' lincoln 
  is available on the internet.  look for it.  
  well worth the 2 bits. mr. wong is even better and was also done by icebox.
bass 
  holder (not player) liquor pig 
  - mugatu. often gornzilla. doesn't know when to stop writing. 
other crew:
baron 
  von grizman  - the red 
  suit expendable guy that which writes the funny lyrics
for a while, mr. spock was in amok 
  time (logan, we have a runner), and we had the 
  orion slave girl whom no man can resist on drums (s/he's too sweaty so we 
  left shim on the planet of the ding 
  dang). 



geek 
  around the world! the gornzilla  dork who wrote most of this 
  site is riding a 40-year-old ducati 250cc round 
  the world. he started in october, 2004, blew up his bike in february 2005 (all hail new zealand!) and is back in sacramento saving up for 2008 -- round 2: across the us, to england then europe, asia, and back to california. 



 

history


 

incredibly 
      true show stories


 

upcoming 
      events


 

photos


 


nki 
        songs for free!! 



 

recording 
      log


 

song 
      lyrics


 

reviews, 
      links & other star trek bands


 

no 
      kill i: the next generation


 

shatner 
      vs heston


 

very 
      short (173k) no kill i wav you should listen to it, yup.


 

message 
      board


 













 

 no 
  kill i

  po box 2414
  sacramento, ca 95812-2414
  916/237-7052




the 
  gorn's other site:

updated april 17, 2007 

 






   
counter added 12/13/00




