




home – the atomic punks - the tribute to early van halen

























































 


















nobody rules these streets at night like me…


"they do van halen better than van halen do themselves!"
howard stern




 menu







homenewsgigsupcoming gigspast eventsaudiophotosvideosbiographybiographyatomic punks faqshopthe shopcartmy accountlinkscontactcontactpromo 




































happy birthday to king edward! remembering you today. your legacy continues to inspire





happy birthday diamond david lee roth! atomic punks statement





happy birthday michael anthony! atomic punks statement





mike andrews – former atomic punks bassist dies atomic punks statement





frankie lindia – new atomic punk welcome to the punks!





we’ve heard you’ve missed us! we’re back!! click here to read the article!





diamond david lee roth wrote… "the best tribute to van halen ever!"





bret michaels of poison says… "when i need my van halen fix, i go see the atomic punks."





atomic punks are heading to a city near you! nothing stays the same...





alex van halen says… "i think they're great!"










 news page
latest news








eddie trunk shares his thoughts on the atomic punks
wed sep 4, 2024








r.i.p. – mike andrews :: former atomic punks bassist
tue jun 4, 2024








atomic punks hand-picked to open for the legendary john 5
tue jan 9, 2024








2022 brings a new era for the atomic punks!
mon apr 11, 2022








atomic punks are back and it’s been long overdue
sun jun 20, 2021








atomic punks tribute to edward van halen
tue oct 6, 2020








live stream concert- monsters of rock cruise studios
sun aug 16, 2020








bart walsh, founding member of the atomic punks dies at age 56.
fri nov 8, 2019








latest on evh gear
mon feb 4, 2019








40 reasons van halen’s debut is greatest hard rock album of all-time
tue feb 13, 2018












 all audio clips...atomic punks live cuts!



loading tracks...



































update required
								to play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your flash plugin.
							



 follow us on twitterlatest tweet


 
















































talkin’ some new kicks, ones like you ain’t never seen! sign-up today!!







 



copyright © 2024 the atomic punks
all rights reserved





























