










airports council international - north america
















































































advocacy

overview
airport infrastructure funding
airline competition
security
environment
airport operations
passenger experience
beyond the runway coalition
comfortable, safe, respectful journeys
freedom to move
connectivity and choice


education

overview
conferences
past presentations and webinar recordings
u.s. airport professional program
young professional participation
global training
sponsorship


intelligence

overview
centerlines connect discussion forum
blog | centerlines now
economic impact reports
airport infrastructure needs study
north american airport traffic report
industry benchmarking studies

environmental benchmarking survey
concessions benchmarking survey
airport financial benchmarking survey
guest experience management survey
compensation and benefits survey


publications
career center

search jobs
submit a job
edge4vets
search rfps
submit an rfp


other tools

naacs airport trading card program
airport cooperative research program (acrp) research
passenger tools




committees & programs

overview
air cargo
air service
business diversity
business information technology
commercial management
commissioners
environmental affairs
facilitation
finance
human resources
large hub
legal affairs
marketing, communications & customer experience
medium hub
operations, planning, safety, infrastructure, & development
public safety & security
risk management
small airports
us international air service
all committee news »


about

mission & vision
history
aci world
join aci-na
aci-na members

airport members
world business partners
associate members
affiliate members


aci-na leadership
aci-na staff
meet our partners
scholarships
aci-na awards
aci-na gives back
media center


 







search

 
 











 
 









skip to content






menumenuadvocacy





united states 
airport infrastructure fundingairline competitionsecurityairport operationspassenger experience 


canada 
comfortable, safe, respectful journeysfreedom to moveconnectivity and choice 
 




overview 
 




environmentbeyond the runway coalition 
 

education

overviewconferencespast presentations and webinar recordingsu.s. airport professional programyoung professional participationglobal trainingsponsorship
intelligence

overviewcenterlines connect discussion forumblog | centerlines noweconomic impact reportsairport infrastructure needs studynorth american airport traffic reportindustry benchmarking studies

environmental benchmarking surveyconcessions benchmarking surveyairport financial benchmarking surveyguest experience management surveycompensation and benefits survey 
publicationscareer center

search jobssubmit a jobedge4vetssearch rfpssubmit an rfp 
other tools

naacs airport trading card programairport cooperative research program (acrp) researchpassenger tools 

committees & programs





air cargoair servicebusiness diversitybusiness information technologycommissionerscommercial managementenvironmental affairs 


facilitationfinancehuman resourceslarge hublegal affairsmarketing, communications & customer experience 


medium huboperations, planning, safety, infrastructure, & developmentpublic safety & securityrisk managementsmall airportsus international air service 
 




overview 
 




all committee news » 
 

about

mission & visionhistoryaci worldjoin aci-naaci-na members

airport membersworld business partnersassociate membersaffiliate members 
aci-na leadershipaci-na staffmeet our partnersscholarshipsaci-na awardsaci-na gives backmedia center
 my profile
member login

























the voice of airports®
representing north america’s airports since 1948


member login










policy issuesairport infrastructure fundingairline competitionsecurityairport operationspassenger experiencepolicy issues


helping airports operate more safely and efficiently.






aci-na advocates policies and provides services that strengthen the ability of commercial airports to serve their passengers, customers and communities. aci-na professional staff in the government affairs, legal, environment, safety, security, operations and technical departments, works to ensure that legislation and regulations enacted in washington, d.c., and ottawa, help airports operate more safely and efficiently.




learn more


airport infrastructure funding


america’s airports face unprecedented challenges meeting their $115 billion in infrastructure needs.






america’s airports are powerful engines for economic opportunity in local communities, generating more than $1.4 trillion in annual economic activity and supporting nearly 11.5 million jobs.  while passenger traffic through airport facilities continues to grow a record pace, our outdated aviation infrastructure cannot keep pace with this overwhelming demand.




learn more


airline competition


through competition, we can improve air travel for everyone, even the airlines.






as the connection point between passengers and the sky, airports serve a vital role in fostering competition and providing passengers with the price and service options they demand.  through that important work, airports emerge as powerful engines of economic growth for local communities.




learn more


security


the safety and security of the traveling public is an airport’s top priority.






airports operate in an uncertain landscape filled with evolving requirements to address concerns about ever-changing global aviation security threats. maintaining the safety and security of the traveling public is a responsibility that is shared by airports, airlines, airport partners, federal government agencies, law enforcement, and the traveling public.




learn more


airport operations


airports are highly regulated enterprises, and those regulations can place unfair or unnecessary burdens on airports.






airports are responsible stewards of the environment, including noise concerns and deicing processes. an airport’s ability to maintain safety, security, and environmental challenges promotes efficient airport operations and reduced flight delays.




learn more


passenger experience


we remain fully committed to the efficient movement of passengers through the airport.






airports want the same thing their passengers want: a hassle-free travel experience with excellent price and service competition.  in addition to modernizing our aging infrastructure with more comfortable and hassle-free terminals, we continue to work with our security agency partners to ensure passengers aren’t standing in long lines to get through our airports.




learn more



 







industry intelligence

our research and resources help members stay ahead of the curve and better serve their passengers, customers and communities.
see all intelligence







industry benchmarking studies
we’ve compiled data on airport traffic, amenities and services, as well as information on key issues and policies.







airport infrastructure needs
our airport infrastructure needs survey estimates capital development costs for the airports that comprise the united states national airport system, defined by the federal aviation administration (faa).







economic impact studies
the study, which summarizes the economic benefits that the 493 commercial airports in the u.s. make to the national economy, found the total economic output now exceeds $1.4 trillion, supporting more than 11.5 million jobs with a payroll of more than $428 billion.










airport industry recovery

ensuring the health, safety, and security of the travelling public and airport workers is always an airport’s top priority. as such, north american airports responded quickly to help contain the spread of covid-19. airports continue to take aggressive steps to protect everyone traveling through their facilities and their employees. aci-na has established the airport industry recovery advisory panel to support and the broader industry in recovery.
visit aci-na's recovery resource page









the latest from aci-na








    the voices of airports podcast has landed! listen here.x













airport advertising – what airport operators can do to make the most of a valuable commercial opportunitynovember 25, 2024by leslie bensen, founder and ceo, departure media in the current economic climate, non-aeronautical revenues are more important to airports than ever before and one of the most important lines […]






airports council honors kent george: 2024 downes award recipient celebrating a lifetime of aviation excellence and transformative leadershipnovember 21, 2024in a career spanning more than four decades, kent george has made a profound impact on the aviation industry, guiding multiple airports to growth, resilience, and strategic excellence. this year, […]






are you leaving money on the table?october 9, 2024by carly shannon, leed ap bd+c, env sp, true advisor airports in the us have seen a flurry of sustainability and resilience grants over the past few years and have […]






airports council recognizes emerging professionals through ‘reclaiming the sky’ essay contestseptember 19, 2024even 23 years later, the stories of esteemed aviation leaders and their response to the september 11, 2001, terror attacks continue to provide learning opportunities for the benefit of future […]






the scoop on scope 3 emissions: why they matter and how to address themseptember 6, 2024by corey johnson and sarah owens, c&s introduction airports across the country are working towards net zero emissions by 2050. airports, like any organization, have a carbon footprint, and their […]






revolutionizing airport operations: the impact of artificial intelligence and machine learning in aviationseptember 3, 2024by arpit malaviya, ceo and co-founder of prodigiq, inc artificial intelligence (ai) and machine learning (ml) are revolutionizing airports with remarkable advancements. by optimizing flight schedules, enhancing air traffic management, […]






enhancing airport operations: the power of mars gatesseptember 3, 2024by peter aarons, senior vice president and aviation sector leader,  americas for tylin as a leader in the aviation industry, i’ve had the privilege of witnessing firsthand the transformative potential of […]






a seamless journey: the latest mapping trends for the connected airportseptember 3, 2024by yuval kossovsky, mappedin airports are not only gateways for travelers but also significant technology practitioners for streamlined operations, increased revenue, and improved passenger experiences. with an increasing need to […]






a blueprint to leverage ai that delivers operational, safety and business excellence.september 3, 2024by wayne arvidson, cto, verticals, ai & computer vision, dell technologies anyone who has been tracking the progress of artificial intelligence (ai) knows that the past year has seen the […]






navigating the skies: balancing airport upgrades with electrification and green technologiesaugust 28, 2024by tam osentowski, global vp of transportation, schneider electric airports stand at a crossroads, facing the pressing need to invest in electrification, green technologies, and operational efficiency while also addressing […]






the remediation of pfas chemicals: destroy them in placeaugust 28, 2024dan griffiths, parsons’ emerging contaminants practice director for many years, airports worldwide were required to use aqueous film-forming foam (afff) for fire suppression. while effective in extinguishing fires, afff contains […]






2024 “reclaiming the sky” resiliency project winners announcedaugust 26, 2024the stories of 9/11’s aviation’s heroes continue to prove that today’s young aviation managers – tomorrow’s leaders – can learn lessons and apply them to meet challenges in their personal […]






faa vale and zev grantsaugust 16, 2024john r. trendowski, p.e. and mia held, env sp, c&s engineers, inc. looking for funding for emission reduction projects at your airport? faa’s voluntary airport low emission (vale) program and zero […]






a young professional’s view on air cargojune 28, 2024liliana bustos,  chicago department of aviation as a new employee in the air cargo industry, every day is a thrilling look into the world of global logistics. air cargo operations […]






review grants and pfc collections to maximize capital fundingjune 9, 2024brian drake, assistant vice president, unison consulting, inc. consider how periodic reviews of grants and pfc funding with your capital program can generate out-of-the-box thinking and stimulate new approaches to […]






teaching the next generation resiliency lessons from 9/11’s aviation heroesapril 29, 2024by tom murphy, human resiliency institute at fordham university today’s young employees at airports and students studying aviation will be tomorrow’s leaders. undoubtedly, they will face challenges. the human resiliency institute […]






our 10 year journey to a more sustainable industryapril 22, 2024journeys and airports go hand-in-hand.  as we mark as another earth day, today is a good opportunity to reflect on our industry’s own journey of creating and fostering  a more […]






airports soar with new technology for safety and operational excellenceapril 11, 2024michael bettua ceo and co-founder, volan technology one thing i’m hearing a lot about from airport operators is the stress around ensuring compliance with the faa’s safety management system rule […]






leveraging digitalization for a top-down approach to improving airport sustainabilityapril 8, 2024by john kasuda  across north america, airports – as gateways to the world – stand at the forefront of decarbonization commitments and strategic initiatives. today, 75 north american airports have […]






smf’s recipe for success: a fresh take on airport food + beverageapril 4, 2024by: stephen clark, c.m., deputy director, airport commercial development when the concessions team at the sacramento international airport (smf) sat down to look at the opportunity to recreate their food […]






dolliole and miller launch airport minority leadership initiativemarch 29, 2024last month at the 2024 aci-na/aaae washington legislative conference, aci-na chair kevin dolliole and aaae chair perry miller announced a new initiative called soaring scholars: airport minority leadership initiative, which […]






understanding how ai will impact passenger support and the overall traveling experiencemarch 13, 2024by alfredo vaamonde, ceo & founder of wingmates in an era where efficiency and customer satisfaction are paramount, airports globally are turning to innovative solutions to enhance the passenger experience. […]






u of memphis aviation students learn resiliency from 9/11’s aviation heroes – explore lessons at workshop at memfebruary 29, 2024today’s aviation students will be tomorrow’s aviation leaders – no doubt they will face challenges in an ever-evolving world. the human resiliency institute at fordham university is partnering with airports […]






airport ev charging:  meeting the coming demandfebruary 20, 2024by tami timperio, vp marketing, novacharge whether it’s sustainability efforts or increases in ev adoption, more and more airports, both international and regional, are beginning to consider installing ev charging stations. […]






learnings from attending aci-na’s annual conference and exhibitionfebruary 12, 2024by tyler subasic, us airport lead, amazon web services (aws) prior to working at aws, tyler led airport affairs for amazon air, where he increased network destinations by 500% and […]






a layover outside the comfort zone: my first airport conferencenovember 16, 2023by ted sullivan nothing grows or takes off in a comfort zone. after 29 years of working with global destinations, i got comfy. when it comes to destinations, i am […]






customizing common use at boston logan internationalseptember 13, 2023by colleen hamilton, principal, art of context colleen hamilton is a principal with art of context, a boston-based technology firm helping airports improve passenger experience through innovative technology solutions that […]






u.s. airports turning to executive program management as capital programs move into high gearseptember 11, 2023by r. clay paslay clay paslay is managing partner and ceo of the paslay group, the premiere, full-service airport consultancy providing executive program management, business advisory, and development services for […]






‘reclaiming the sky’ resiliency project winners announced on sept. 11 anniversaryseptember 11, 2023even 22 years later, the stories of esteemed aviation leaders and their response to the september 11, 2001, terror attacks continue to provide learning opportunities for the benefit of future […]






it’s time for airports to evolve beyond traditional data sourcesaugust 24, 2023by mark summers, general manager/airports at zartico we are in the midst of a data renaissance — one that has the potential to be as disruptive to the aviation industry […]






overcoming the challenges of airport marketing: embracing innovation for successaugust 7, 2023by steve romme, co-founder of airport one, llc as a marketer specializing in helping airports grow, i understand the significant challenges airport marketers face. through this blog post, i will […]






airport 5g update: leveraging cbrs for smart operationsjune 9, 2023by stephanie czaplicki, boingo wireless vice president of account management the next generation of airport wireless is here, improving the passenger experience and accelerating innovation. from biometric ticketing to digital […]






airports council international – north america airport insights reportjune 5, 2023by isaac pato, data analyst; jon jager, solutions engineer; and loretta manning, digital marketing at cirium.   airports council international – north america regularly provides industry intelligence: research, reports and […]






meeting sustainability goals with innovative financing modelsapril 21, 2023by ramsey nuwar, johnson controls airports across north america and on a global scale have committed to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050, but securing the funding to achieve […]






passive optical network offers high-speed, future-proof and energy-efficient connectivity at orlando international airport’s new terminalapril 21, 2023by john hoover, marketing director, tellabs orlando international airport’s new terminal c had an initial opening in september 2022, greater fanfare in the december 2022 time frame and has been […]






fids reimagined – leveraging fids screens to improve passenger experienceapril 13, 2023by colleen hamilton, principal, art of context maximizing resource use and improving the passenger experience are at the top of any airport’s priority list. fids has long been a key […]






innovating with qr codesapril 5, 2023by neil chatwood, transportation lead, omnivex corporation qr codes are not a new concept. they have been around for close to 30 years. however, the covid-19 pandemic caused a resurgence […]






5 major changes outlined in the usdot’s notice of proposed rulemaking – how your airport can be better preparedjanuary 17, 2023by: erin westerman, marketing manager, b2gnow   the u.s. department of transportation’s notice of proposed rulemaking (nprm) will help improve and modernize airport concession disadvantaged business enterprise (acdbe) and disadvantaged […]






’60 minutes’ correspondent scott pelley: aviation is a miracleseptember 29, 2022during the 2022 aci-na annual conference in minneapolis, alessio olivetti caught up with scott pelley, the 60 minutes correspondent and 2022 annual conference keynote, who shared his experience as tireless […]






airports invest in efforts to strengthen airport industry workforcejuly 19, 2022like so many other industries in our economy, airports have not been immune to the workforce challenges as we emerge from the covid-19 pandemic and the booming summer travel season […]






airports council associate member involvement drives collaboration and learningjune 27, 2022aci-na’s mission is to serve as the voice of airports® in washington and ottawa and be a fierce advocate for airport industry priorities.  we owe our success to the many […]






celebrating april as u.s. airport professional appreciation monthapril 29, 2022  as u.s. airport professional appreciation month comes to a close, we have been so excited to celebrate the airport industry professionals who are demonstrating their commitment to industry excellence […]






houston airport system showcases edge4vets “success vets”march 28, 2022by tom murphy, director, human resiliency institute at fordham university. as airports strive to rebuild their workforces after the pandemic, there is no better employee than a military veteran. however, […]






edge4vets and aci-na expand online training to accelerate veterans into airport workforcedecember 6, 2021by tom murphy, director, human resiliency institute, fordham university edge4vets will expand its veteran employment training program offered in partnership with aci-na in the spring of 2022 to give a […]






marking 20 years of our partnership with tsanovember 19, 2021by kevin m. burke, president and ceo, aci-na collaboration has long been the hallmark of our industry.  no matter if we’re in a season of joy or a time of […]






st. pete-clearwater international airport (pie) celebrating 15th anniversary with allegiant air!november 8, 2021by tom jewsbury, airport director, st. pete-clearwater international airport (pie) fifteen years has flown by, literally, with allegiant! in september 2006, pie announced a new airline was coming to town […]






integrating health requirements into the travel ecosystemjune 28, 2021by sherry stein, head of technology strategy, sita many countries require landing cards or declaration forms as part of the customs and immigration process; most are distributed as paper forms […]






how to build a post-covid customer experience action planmay 7, 2021by liliana petrova, founder and ceo, the petrova experience as we welcome the new wave of travelers, ensuring safe, seamless experiences is make-or-break for airports in the next 6 months. […]






aci-na joins collaboration to honor aviation heroes of 9/11april 5, 2021by tom murphy, director, human resiliency institute, fordham university the airport industry is no stranger to adversity. we have faced many challenges over the years, though none can stand against […]






best practices can help airports mitigate growing vendor and third-party cybersecurity riskmarch 26, 2021by michael corcione, partner, hka global, inc. in recent years, cyber-attackers have preyed upon the weaknesses of vendors and third parties to access computer systems at hospitals, banks, financial services […]






leveraging brand values to win back customer confidencemarch 18, 2021by roel huinink, president & ceo, jfkiat at jfkiat our t4 is more culture is driven by our greatest asset, our people and community. however, as an air terminal with […]






looking forward one year inmarch 16, 2021by kevin m. burke, president and ceo, aci-na now at the one-year milestone of widespread travel and local restrictions to help stop the spread of covid-19, we are reminded that […]






the importance of employee resiliencedecember 8, 2020by roel huinink, president & ceo, jfkiat this past year has disrupted and accelerated the pace of change in people, processes, place and technology across all aspects of the aviation […]






aci-na remembers late justice ruth bader ginsburg and her contribution to the airport industryseptember 25, 2020associate justice ruth bader ginsburg was a champion of women’s rights and a leader in creating a more equitable system of justice in the united states. her sharp intellect and […]






mask over matter: communicating in the age of the maskjuly 8, 2020by lise d’andrea, cxe so, here we are, facing our new reality behind a mask. since the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) recommended the use of cloth […]






americans are starting to fly againmay 22, 2020states around the country are taking their first steps to safely reopen our economy and to start rebuilding a sense of normal life. this memorial day weekend is the unofficial [...]





has continues to prepare veterans for airport jobs during coronavirus crisisapril 27, 2020while airport terminals remain quiet because of the coronavirus (covid-19) health pandemic, airports remain open and operational as essential and critical infrastructure.  airports might not be welcoming as many passengers […]






presidential candidates biden and klobuchar express support for a pfc increase at aci-na-hosted infrastructure forumfebruary 25, 2020this month, aci-na had the pleasure of co-hosting the first ever presidential candidate forum focused on infrastructure, offering candidates a platform to address key infrastructure issues that impact every american […]






members of congress announce framework for infrastructure bill that includes a pfc increasefebruary 3, 2020last week, aci-na welcomed the news of an infrastructure investment framework – called the “moving forward framework” – which was announced by a group of members of congress, led by […]






houston airports strengthen veterans communitynovember 11, 2019as community partners, airports are continually embracing opportunities that recognize the immense contributions veterans make to our communities and empower them as they move beyond their military service. houston airport […]






the countdown begins: real id will be required for air travel in exactly one yearoctober 1, 2019earlier today, airports council international-north america (aci-na) president and ceo kevin burke teamed up with travel industry leaders and government officials to urge the traveling public to obtain real id […]






building up a collection: airport trading cardsseptember 10, 2019by jeff lea, st. louis lambert international airport whatever combination you arrange, three letters can carry a lot of prestige, economic power, a region’s reputation, and even better, generations of […]






celebrating – and growing – the airport industry workforceseptember 2, 2019for some, labor day (or labour day for our readers in canada) is a much needed long weekend culminating with a festive backyard cookout.  for others – our industry included […]






restroom cleanliness is key to passenger experiencejuly 30, 2019to your passengers, the cleanliness of your restrooms says a lot about the overall state of the airport. it’s often the first and last facility they visit before their departure. […]






gsp leads efforts to hire south carolina veteransjuly 4, 2019independence day is more than fireworks and cookouts.  it’s a special day we celebrate liberty and those who have helped secure the freedom we cherish today. honoring our veterans is […]






lax ceo: we need to bring the passenger facility charge back to its original buying powerjuly 1, 2019last week, los angeles world airports chief executive officer deborah flint addressed the washington aero club at a lunch event in washington, d.c. in her speech, flint described los angeles […]






lawa serves veterans through edge4vets successesmay 18, 2019over the last few years, aci-na has been proud to partner with edge4vets to help connect veterans with airports across north america to place them in careers that utilize the […]






infrastructure week 2019: 20th century airports in a 21st century worldmay 13, 2019today marks the official start to infrastructure week 2019, the long-celebrated week each year when the infrastructure community comes together and engages in a broad conversation about the importance of […]






air service development successmay 10, 2019blending smart techniques with sexy approaches by nicole nelson the new carrier. the new city. the new growth. in the language of air service development, all of the above translate […]






protecting airport airspacemay 10, 2019airports confront drones with safety and security top of mind by sandy smith one of the last things a pilot on approach to a busy airport wants to worry about […]






canada’s airport capital assistance program needs reform – urgentlymay 10, 2019by chris phelan, vice president, industry and government affairs, canadian airports council the canadian airports council has joined with several other canadian associations that represent local and regional airports to […]






concessions – tailored and transformedmay 10, 2019digital and mobile technologies enhance travelers’ experiences, maximize revenue by sheryl jackson while technology plays a large role in many different aspects of the airport industry from operations and security […]






slc – designing  for the futuremay 1, 2019by bill wyatt, executive director, salt lake city international airport i’m often asked why, after a week of retiring from the port of portland (pdx), i decided to accept an […]






airports council supports bipartisan legislation to strengthen cbp staffingapril 18, 2019maintaining the safety and security of the traveling public is a top priority for airports. with more than 1.7 billion passengers traveling through a u.s. airport in 2017, airports continually […]






checked facts: airports are not taxpayer fundedapril 15, 2019benjamin franklin said there are only two certainties in life: death and taxes.  if there’s one more thing we can be certain of on april 15, it’s the airlines continuing […]






sfo enhances passenger experience with new outdoor terracefebruary 14, 2019improving the customer experience is top of mind for airports of all sizes across north america. as passenger needs change, airports are beginning to phase our unnecessary, under-utilized or redundant […]






philadelphia international airport offers a helping hand to federal employeesjanuary 28, 2019the 35-day government shutdown impacted thousands of federal employees across the country, leaving many without the resources to properly care for their families. individuals, organizations and airports sprung into action […]






cheers to 2018: aci-na’s year in reviewdecember 21, 2018  airports council international – north america (aci-na) strives to advocate for policies and provide services that strengthen the ability of commercial airports to serve their passengers, customers and communities. […]






airports gobble up more of the national gdpnovember 21, 2018  every year, thanksgiving brings an opportunity for american’s to celebrate and give thanks for what is most valuable to them. aci-na has always maintained that airports are valuable economic […]






communities left behind and airline industry consolidation: the promise of airline deregulation has only partially been fulfilledoctober 26, 2018to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the enactment of the airline deregulation act of 1978, championed by dr. alfred e. kahn while serving as chair of the civil aeronautics board […]






will technology solve the capacity crisis?september 20, 2018passenger numbers are expected to double by 2035. iot queue measurement technology enables airports to keep waiting times from growing. by marc rauch, xovis the airport industry stays on the […]






bna is ever-expandingseptember 20, 2018by douglas e. kreulen, a.a.e., president and ceo, metropolitan nashville airport authority nashville is on fire – there really is no other way to describe it. always a great place […]






pay it forward: the life and legacy of sue baerseptember 20, 2018by mimi ryals sue was an exceptional airport leader who garnered respect and admiration among her colleagues,” remembers candace mcgraw, chief executive officer of cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport and chair of […]






what’s on trend for 2019?september 20, 2018by sandy smith as airports continue to focus on an improved customer experience, they are looking beyond and outside of the box to pinpoint areas that could use improvement – […]






airports seek new efficiencies to go with the flowseptember 20, 2018by sandra arnoult anyone who frequents an airport doesn’t need to be told they are usually a work in progress. airports, their airline and tenant partners, and their terminal designers […]






finding a seat at the slots tableseptember 20, 2018airports align to amplify visibility, voice in worldwide slots guidelines process   by nicole nelson imagine a dozen members of your extended family showing up unannounced at the front door of […]






cheers to 70 years: the best is yet to comeseptember 20, 2018by: kevin m. burke, president and ceo, aci-na 2018 represents a great milestone for airports council international-north america as we celebrate our seventieth anniversary as the voice of airports in […]






meet the member: rep. jeff denhamseptember 20, 2018aci-na president and ceo kevin m. burke recently caught up with rep. jeff denham, a member of the house transportation and infrastructure committee, to talk about prospects for an infrastructure [...]





meet the member: rep. sam gravesjuly 30, 2018aci-na president and ceo kevin m. burke recent caught up with rep. sam graves, a member of the house transportation and infrastructure committee, to talk about his love of aviation [...]





aci-na celebrates 2018 infrastructure week at tpamay 15, 2018infrastructure week, a week-long celebration of the vast network that supports – and moves – the u.s. economy, is taking place this week. aci-na’s airport infrastructure needs study details that [...]





inspiring “island” travelapril 20, 2018by doug newson, ceo, charlottetown airport authority operated by the charlottetown airport authority inc. (caa), the charlottetown airport (yyg) is located in canada’s smallest province, prince edward island (pei), or […]






global trends in e-commerceapril 20, 2018by ricondo & associates inc. the increasing use of electronic commerce (e-commerce) has changed the landscape of global retailing and is affecting activity at airports. the development of e-commerce includes […]






big data: the airport cleaning management revolutionapril 20, 2018by jimy baynum the idea of a “smart airport” may seem unobtainable. occasionally, massive crowds, delays and various other touchpoints from check-in to the gate can affect airport visitors’ experiences […]






ground transportation’s new normalapril 20, 2018airports navigate the (r)evolutionary shift of tncs by nicole nelson just beyond the busy holiday season, eva cheong recounted san francisco international airport’s particularly “rough thanksgiving” in terms of bottlenecks […]






identapril 20, 2018the cbp has determined that facial recognition biometric exit technology is a viable solution to managing the entrance and exit of travelers coming through u.s. airports. the technology is provided […]






iata eyes a future with one idapril 20, 2018imagine a day when a passenger could present a single form of id that would ensure a smooth path through the airport at the very start of his or her […]






facing the future: new biometric technology programs being tested nationwideapril 20, 2018by sandra arnoult sweeping changes may come over the next four years as the u.s. customs and border protection rolls out the installation of new biometric technology in u.s. airports […]






an ace in the holeapril 20, 2018ryan lynch knew that he wanted to be a pilot at age 5 and started flying at age 14. “when i was in high school and college, there weren’t any […]






silver tsunami: will your airport sink or swim?april 20, 2018by sandy smith all it takes is one look around anywhere employees are gathered to see it: the unmistakable sea of silver hair. the workforce in airports – as in […]
load more


 





















get involved

aci-na is built on a foundation of committees focused on key industry sectors. being a part of any of our 17 committees allows you to impact national and international policy decisions by participating in discussions on regulatory proposals and sharing knowledge and experience with your peers. committee membership is open to staff of all aci-na member airports and companies.
join us
 




air cargo
air service
business diversity
business information technology
commercial management
commissioners


environmental affairs
facilitation
finance
human resources
legal affairs
marketing & communications


opsid
public safety & security
risk management
small airports
us international air service















about aci-na
contact aci-na
privacy
terms of service
 login  |  join us  |  centerlines connect  |  publications  |  media center








                © 2025 airports council international - north america 1615 l street nw, suite 300 / washington, dc  20036phone 202-293-8500 / fax 202-331-1362

            














we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 







































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
you can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 










