





































    
    georgia republican party | home
  
  














          


       home



  about



  find my county party



  gagop allied groups


   georgia young republicans



  georgia college republicans



  georgia federations of republican women



  georgia hispanic republican assembly



  georgia republican asian and pacific islanders coalition



  georgia black republican council





  news



  platform



  election confidence task force



  georgia republican foundation



  united republican fund



  media requests



  volunteer



  privacy policy



  leaders








     

donate







       







 



     
      run harder
win big


 building the georgia republican party is a team effort made up of individuals from all across the state.help get out our conservative message by becoming a volunteer today!

   

donate









    run harder
win big

building the georgia republican party is a team effort made up of individuals from all across the state.help get out our conservative message by becoming a volunteer today!



 
        





 county party finder


    



 news


     







 call to action


  gagop shop

   












  


 
     


  the gagop is committed to advancing our conservative principles and electing republican candidates up and down the ballot. with so much on the line,
please join us by making a secure contribution or volunteering today!


    

donate


   

volunteer







 
      latest news







 
             in case you missed it, stacey abrams’ fair fight hit a major roadblock last week…


 august 19, 2024

in case you missed it, stacey abrams’ dark money group, fair fight action, reportedly called an admitted insurrectionist and election denier to the stand in their fight against georgia’s voter integrity law.                                                                                     adrienne jones, a 22-year political science professor, admitted under oath that she wrote stories calling for black women to “overthrow” president donald trump, and claimed that republicans wanted to create “internment camps” for americans.                                                                                     “stacey abrams’ dark money group miscalculated by calling an admitted insurrectionist to the stand in their fight against georgia’s voter integrity law. in november, georgia republicans will put a stop to abrams’ attempted hostile takeover of our elections.”                                   – georgia republican party press secretary dani repass                                                                                                  read more                                              here                                  .

 




      in case you missed it: raphael warnock is distancing himself from joe biden


 august 19, 2024

earlier this week, raphael warnock endorsed a trump-era immigration policy – title 42 – to the chagrin of many on the left.                                                                              last year, though, warnock signed a letter demanding that the biden administration eliminate title 42.                                                “when they finally arrived at del rio, texas, many haitians…were summarily expelled and deported without best interest determinations for children or screenings for international protection concerns,” warnock and democrats wrote in a letter to joe biden.                                     now, warnock is calling on the biden administration to not only keep title 42 but to come up with an additional “plan” to keep our border secure.                                     if you’re confused by his stance, you’re in good company.                                                                                     “raphael warnock must have seen joe biden’s approval numbers and is trying to distance himself from democrats’ radical plans to open our border. georgians will not believe warnock’s hypocritical policy flip-flopping.”                                   – georgia republican party press secretary dani repass                         ﻿

 




   

    georgia democrats should win an award for being out of touch


 april 27, 2022

hey there,                                                                                                            georgia democrats should win an award for being out of touch.                                                                                                                         raphael warnock                                              tweeted                                               his support for the biden administration’s proposal to eliminate student debt, which would be detrimental to our country’s already precarious financial situation.                           ﻿

 













 
      contact us
   name

 email

 phone

 opt-in
   i would like to receive text message updates*









thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.


   stay engaged



 *by providing your phone number and checking this box, you are consenting to receive calls and text messages, including autodialed and automated calls and texts, to that number from the georgia republican party. message and data rates may apply. reply “stop” to opt-out. terms & conditions/privacy policy apply:
privacy policy & terms of use







 
     get involved


  about


  news


  leaders










    
     


   paid for by gagop



      

 

 




























































































































































  
  share by:








