





the witchery | boutique hotel & restaurant by edinburgh castle

























close



dine

original dining room
the secret garden
afternoon tea
our suppliers



menus

à la carte
pudding
afternoon tea
two-course lunch



wine list


stay

the vestry
the sempill
the old rectory
the library
the inner sanctum
the heriot
the guardroom
the armoury
the turret



shop


festive


offers

two-course lunch
afternoon tea
10% off your stay
book direct
early 2025 2-course lunch with champagne
early 2025 afternoon tea for two



about us

history
james thomson
sustainability
accolades
guest book
faqs



gifts


news


gallery





prestonfield
latest press











            close
        




book a room
book a table

















                                                arrive
                                            












                                                depart
                                            












                                                adults
                                            



1
2
3
4






book now




why book direct?

guests who book to stay with us directly will receive a complimentary bottle of chilled champagne on arrival. 
























gifts shop














book a room book a table






















welcome to
the witchery
"scotland’s most romantic hotel" scotland on sunday
hidden in a collection of historic buildings dating back to 1595, at the gates of edinburgh castle, the witchery is steeped in centuries of rich scottish history.
enjoy legendary edinburgh fine-dining, an award-winning wine list, and the most atmospheric dining rooms in all of scotland. step inside and be transported to a bygone era. 
stay with us dine with us 













restaurant menus
an award-winning a la carte restaurant menu is served all day in our opulent restaurant.
celebrating our traditional setting, alongside a range of classic favourites such as tournedos rossini, glenfeshie estate red deer, and omelette arnold bennet, you'll also see the witchery's legendary angus beef steak tartare and even some haggis, all served alongside our legendary wine list.

view menus book now 













stay
"outrageously gothic … this is a fabulous, shamelessly camp temple of too-muchness" the sunday times
celebrated as one of the seven wonders of the hotel world by cosmopolitan magazine our 9 unique suites scream romance with a capital 'r'. indulge in the ultimate romantic getaway as you discover the delights of four-poster beds and roll-top baths made for two!
be it the guardroom suite, the vestry, or our multitude of opulent suites - we have something for every taste.

view suites book now 













shop
discover an exquisite collection of meticulously crafted gifts, each piece thoughtfully designed to reflect the timeless elegance of the witchery’s interiors and the rich history of edinburgh’s old town. from luxurious leather goods to soft, sumptuous cashmere, every item exudes quality and craftsmanship. enhance your experience with decadent indulgences, including the witchery’s own exclusive single malt whisky, carefully selected to offer a taste of tradition, and fine champagne, perfect for any occasion. whether for yourself or a loved one, these sophisticated gifts offer a true taste of the witchery’s heritage.

visit our shop 













what's on this month
february at the witchery: winter's last embrace 
the arrival of february ushers in a season of softness following the festive whirl. whether you're seeking solitude, nature’s embrace, or a blend of restfulness and adventure, scotland in 2025 stands out as a prime destination for relaxation and renewal.
savour our seasonal dishes made with the finest local ingredients; enjoy shellfish bisque with rouille, gruyère & croutons or north atlantic cod with mussel parsley velouté & baerii caviar, to name a few.  pair it all with a glass from our legendary wine list.
with valentine's day on the horizon, make your gift-giving even more special with a voucher for the witchery, or perhaps a treasured gift from our new online witchery shop. the ultimate present for those who want to take a piece of the witchery magic home.
come for the food, stay for the experience, and make memories that will last a lifetime. welcome to a truly revitalizing winter at the witchery.

view offers shop gifts 













inside edinburgh's most enchanting hotel, the witchery.
"tumbling turreted staircases, a restaurant lit entirely by candlelight and gothic elegance beholding every corner, edinburgh’s world-renowned the witchery by the castle is a hotel like no other. there is magic and an undeniable romance to the place and a strong contender for one of the world’s prettiest restaurants."
- the handbook

latest press 














location
our restaurant and hotel, located on the historic royal mile is perched on castlehill just steps from the gates to edinburgh castle. located, in the gothic heart of edinburgh city centre, our bewitching setting is steeped in scottish history.

book now find us 




                                                        email
                                                    


info@thewitchery.com





                                                        follow
                                                     






 


                                                        opening times
                                                    


mon - sun 12:00 - 10:30 (last reservation) 




                                                        address
                                                    

the witchery by the castle, castlehill, the royal mile, edinburgh, eh1 2nf








location
our restaurant and hotel, located on the historic royal mile is perched on castlehill just steps from the gates to edinburgh castle. located, in the gothic heart of edinburgh city centre, our bewitching setting is steeped in scottish history.

book now find us 















private dining
faqs
find us
careers
contact us
sustainability
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms & conditions
stay
offers



follow us




































