








	best holistic medicine and naturopathic doctor in nyc, usa






































nyc's leading integrative health care center 





event 
|


get hormone ebook
get price quote
make an appointment




your cart 
                                                    $0.00 





















info@patientsmedical.com






(212) 794-8800




make an appointment












 (212) 794-8800


x










homethe center financing with care credit first visit happy patients medical fees + insurance nondiscrimination policy our philosophy photo gallery schedule an appointment visiting the center why functional medicine?intravenous (iv) therapy at patients medical we can create an iv therapy protocol to specifically address your medical and lifestyle needs, from nutrition supplementation and treatment of migraines, to respiratory ailments, chronic conditions, and many more.physicians dr. emine cosar, gynecologist and obstetrician john pillepich, phd, nutrition director rashmi gulati, md medical director stuart weg, mdanti-aging and longevity treatments  remember when you were in college and stayed up all night drinking beer, eating pizza, and partying; yet you still were able to attend class in the morning? how many of you could do that now?symptoms acute diarrhea adrenal fatigue allergies anxietyrelated dizziness asthma brain fog cervicogenic  dizziness chronic diarrhea chronic fatigue chronic obstructive pulmonary disease compassion fatigue cough and cold diarrhea symptoms disequilibrium dizziness symptoms emotional fatigue fever symptoms headache health symptoms infectious diarrhea inflammatory diarrhea lung cancer mental fatigue mood swings motion sickness nausea and vomiting osmotic diarrhea pain symptoms physical fatigue rash respiratory infections secretory diarrhea shortness of breath travelers diarrheaconditions add adhd adrenal fatigue aging & longevity allergies food allergies general alzheimers anemia angina anxiety arthritis asthma back & neck pain breast cancer cancer candida celiac disease children's health cholesterol chronic bronchitis chronic disease chronic fatigue chronic pain copd crohns disease depression dermatology diabetes digestive problems dysmenorrhea endocrine system disorders women endometriosis erectile dysfunction fatigue female infertility fibromyalgia gastrointestinal gynecology hashimoto’s disease heart burn heart disease heavy metals hepatitis hepatitis c herpes hormonal balancing q & a hormonal imbalance hypertension immune system infertility male inflammatory bowel disease interstitial cystitis irritable bowel syndrome leaky gut leaky gut treatment long covid low testosterone lyme disease lyme disease medicinal side effects memory loss menopausal problems menopause causes menopause conventional treatments menopause holistic treatments menopause q & a menopause riskfactors menopause symptoms menopause types metabolic syndrome metabolism migraine headaches multiple sclerosis nutrition deficiencies obesity female obesity male osteoarthritis osteoporosis pancreatitis parkinson's disease polycystic ovaries pregnancy premenstrual syndrome restless leg syndrome rheumatoid arthritis sjogren’s syndrome sleep disorders spider veins & varicose veins sports injuries / performance enhancement stress stroke thyroid disease thyroid treatment q & a ulcer unexplained medical problems veins weight gain weight loss weight loss q & a yeast infectiontesting adrenal testing allergy testing amino acid testing blood test cardiac testing diabetes related high and low blood sugar level fatty acid testing fertility testing gastroenterology test genetic testing heavy metals testing hormone testing iodine test lactose test lyme disease metabolic testing methylation testing mold testing neurotransmitters testing organic acid testing oxidative stress testing saliva testing stool testing thyroid testing toxin levels testing urine test vitamin testingtreatments acupuncture allergy treatments antiaging and longevity treatments antiaging and wellness iv vitamin therapy antiaging q & a anxiety and depression treatment therapist nyc, new york auto immune disease autoimmune disease iv vitamin therapy best chronic pain treatment clinic in nyc, new york best diabetes treatment specialist clinic nyc, new york best hypertension treatment clinic in nyc, new york best infertility treatment clinic new york, ny bioidentical hormone pellets bioidentical hormone replacement therapy bioidentical hormone replacement therapy q & a bioidentical hormones botox chelation therapy chronic conditions chronic diseases covid long haulers craniosacral therapy deep tissue massage detoxification detoxification chelation plus iv vitamin therapy detoxification iv vitamin therapy diabetes therapy digestive issues energy boost iv vitamin therapy environmental illness erectile dysfunction exosome iv vitamin therapy fatigue treatment specialist fertility support functional medicine doctor in new york city, ny gastroenterology genetic testing and personalized medicine glutathione hair loss hangover cure iv vitamin therapy hcg diet plan heart plaquex therapy holistic gynecologist clinic in new york city, ny hormonal imbalance treatment specialist in new york city hormonal imbalances hormone iv vitamin therapy hydrogen peroxide therapy hypothyroidism diet immune support iv vitamin therapy immune systems infertility inflammation insomnia  sleep apnea iv vitamin therapy ketamine iv vitamin therapy lead and heavy metal testing and treatment lyme disease symptoms and treatment men’s health menopause metabolic medicine metabolic syndrome migraine relief iv vitamin therapy nad iv vitamin therapy nitric oxide nutritional and dietary guidance obesity treatment therapists in nyc, new york optimum nutrition ozone iv vitamin therapy ozone therapy pain management perscription drug optimization therapy personal health planning sexual health skin health iv vitamin therapy stem cell iv vitamin therapy stress and fatigue management stress reduction therapy stress therapy clinic in nyc for effective stress management supplement therapy testosterone deficiency thermirase thermiva thyroid treatment doctor in new york city, ny ultraviolet(uv) light therapy uv blood irradiation weight loss weight loss iv vitamin therapy women’s health issues women’s wellness women’s wellness: health in your 30s women’s wellness: health in your 40s women’s wellness: health in your 50sfaqs adrenal fatigue faq adrenal fatigue symptoms and treatment aging and longevity faq angina faq asthma faq best supplements for irritable bowel syndrome? bioidentical hormones chelation therapy chelation therapy faq chronic disease faq crohn's disease faq depression faq detoxification diabetes faq dysmenorrhea faq erectile dysfunction (ed) fatigue functional medicine hashimoto’s disease faq heavy metals faq holistic gynecology holistic health in connecticut holistic health in dover holistic health in new jersey holistic health in new york holistic health in pennsylvania hormonal balancing (female) hormonal balancing (male) infertility (female) infertility (male) interstitial cystitis faq irritable bowel syndrome faq is asthma a chronic lung disease? leaky gut faq menopausal faq metabolic syndrome faq ozone iv therapy pain management pancreatitis faq polycystic ovaries faq stress management thyroid disease thyroid testing ulcer faq ultraviolet (uv) blood irradiation (ubi) veins faq wellness & wellbeing what causes sjogren’s syndrome? where is testosterone produced? which organism spreads lyme disease through a bite? yeast infection faqmedia blog posts infographic news article podcast press releases slide shows videos



















































looking for the top functional plus conventional doctors in nyc?
functional medicine doctor near me
then begin your journey to wellness with patients medical. since 1974,our board certified md doctors have been trained to provide the best of both options.
our job at patients medical is to listen, to connect the dots between a patient's medical history, symptoms, and their underlying causes. patients medical is a superb place for women and men to secure integrative and holistic health care from providers who give personalized care, partner with the patient to focus on the root cause of their illness, support their recovery, and help them maintain good health.

please feel free to contact us:
visits are by appointment only. same day emergency appointments are available on request. to schedule an appointment please call:
 212 794-8800
patients medical provides you access to over 15,000 supplements on our affiliated website.










make an appointment








treatments


testing










select treatments type
adrenal fatigue
functional medicine
thyroid disease
holisticgynecology
acupuncture
allergy treatments
antiaging and longevity treatments
bioidentical hormones
bioidentical hormone pellets
botox
chelation therapy
craniosacral therapy
deep tissue massage
detoxification
diabetes therapy
environmental illness
fertility support
glutathione
gastroenterology
hcg diet plan
heart plaquex therapy
hydrogen peroxide therapy
infertility
iv vitamin therapy
testosterone deficiency
nutritional and dietary guidance
ozone therapy
personal health planning
perscription drug optimization therapy
stress reduction therapy
supplement therapy
uv blood irradiation
metabolic medicine
antiaging q & a
bioidentical hormone replacement therapy q & a
lead and heavy metal testing and treatment
women’s wellness
thermirase
thermiva
women’s wellness: health in your 30s
women’s wellness: health in your 40s
women’s wellness: health in your 50s
ultraviolet(uv) light therapy
hypothyroidism diet
covid long haulers
lyme disease symptoms and treatment
auto immune disease
bioidentical hormone replacement therapy
chronic conditions
chronic diseases
digestive issues
erectile dysfunction
genetic testing and personalized medicine
hormonal imbalances
stress and fatigue management
weight loss
immune systems
metabolic syndrome
women’s health issues
nitric oxide
optimum nutrition
menopause
men’s health
sexual health
inflammation
insomnia  sleep apnea
pain management
hair loss
antiaging and wellness iv vitamin therapy
autoimmune disease iv vitamin therapy
detoxification iv vitamin therapy
detoxification chelation plus iv vitamin therapy
energy boost iv vitamin therapy
exosome iv vitamin therapy
hangover cure iv vitamin therapy
hormone iv vitamin therapy
immune support iv vitamin therapy
ketamine iv vitamin therapy
migraine relief iv vitamin therapy
nad iv vitamin therapy
ozone iv vitamin therapy
skin health iv vitamin therapy
stem cell iv vitamin therapy
weight loss iv vitamin therapy
functional medicine doctor in new york city, ny
fatigue treatment specialist
holistic gynecologist clinic in new york city, ny
hormonal imbalance treatment specialist in new york city
best infertility treatment clinic new york, ny
stress therapy clinic in nyc for effective stress management
thyroid treatment doctor in new york city, ny
best diabetes treatment specialist clinic nyc, new york
anxiety and depression treatment therapist nyc, new york
obesity treatment therapists in nyc, new york
best hypertension treatment clinic in nyc, new york
best chronic pain treatment clinic in nyc, new york























































our practice, located on fifth avenue at 96th street in nyc, is aimed at helping you, the patient, address and treat the root cause of your health symptoms











many of our patients have been with us for over 10+ years and continue to be part of our family where we provide them with support, health, and healing. we welcome new patients.

this starts with a comprehensive one-hour or longer medical consultation, to understand your issues.
then  based on the discussion, we us the latest in medical testing to analyze your issues.
this is followed by recommendations to improve your health using the best possible combinations of conventional and functional medicine  treatments.
we then work with you long term to implement the follow up testing, treatments and therapy as needed.



this is followed for the issues with possibleconventional medical treatments including medications and surgery, as well as functional medicines treatments including iv drip therapy and supplements.

to learn how this works for example click on the above link on symptoms.
  
to learn about the many conventional and functional medicine testing that may be available through our clinic  click on the link above on 
 testing.
to learn about the many conventional and functional medicine conditions or which treatments and therapy  may be available through our clinic  click on the link above on conditions.
to learn about the many conventional and functional medicine  treatments and therapy  which may be available through our clinic  click on the link above on treatments.
to learn about the  iv drips available for your treatment,  click on link on iv drips.
to learn about the supplements for your support available from our affiliated website.
where there are over 15,000 pharmaceutical grade vitamins brands available. many of these are hard to obtain and are typically provided through physician offices for the private use of their patients.

feel free to discuss these options with your doctor during your visit to our patients medical practice.










patients medical the best holistic treatment center new york











we are a holistic wellness center dedicated to helping you discover health and rediscover vitality.
our physicians combine the best of conventional and holistic medicine with state of the art equipment to provide comprehensive care and treatment to their patients.
we focus on the root causes of secondary medical conditions, integrating modern medicine, holistic practices, and natural supplements to spark healing and prevent disease.
every year, thousands of existing and new patients continue to visit us, seeking an alternative medical approach to a variety of health issues.











patients medical's featured treatments



we are a holistic wellness center dedicated to helping you discover health and rediscover vitality.












fatigue
fatigue, often linked to stress, long workdays, and health issues like hormonal imbalances or sleep disorders, can drastically affect your well-being. at patients medical, we specialize in diagnosing and treating the root causes of chronic fatigue through integrative, personalized care. our approach helps restore your energy, improve focus, and boost overall health, empowering you to reclaim a vibrant and balanced life.











bio-identical hormone
bioidentical hormone replacement therapy (bhrt) uses hormones identical to those naturally produced by the body to treat imbalances and manage menopause symptoms. at patients medical, we offer tailored bhrt solutions to enhance well-being. while considered a natural alternative, it's crucial to consult a healthcare provider to evaluate its suitability and address potential risks for your unique needs.












chelation therapy
patients medical offers expert chelation therapy to safely remove heavy metals, improve circulation, and support detoxification. this specialized treatment benefits conditions like heavy metal toxicity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes complications, joint inflammation, and chronic issues such as fibromyalgia. administered by licensed professionals, our personalized approach ensures safe and effective results.











detoxification
patients medical provides comprehensive detoxification programs to cleanse the body of toxins and heavy metals. services include medically supervised detox, chelation therapy, and liver support, all tailored to individual needs. by incorporating diet, supplements, and lifestyle changes, we enhance overall health and vitality. begin your personalized detox journey with our expert guidance for a healthier, rejuvenated you.












hormonal balancing  (male & female)
patients medical specializes in addressing hormonal imbalances with a holistic, personalized approach. using advanced testing, lifestyle changes, supplements, and bioidentical hormone replacement therapy (bhrt), we help manage symptoms like fatigue, weight gain, and mood swings. led by experienced doctors, our tailored treatments restore balance and enhance well-being. begin your journey to better hormonal health with expert guidance today.












infertility
we,patients medical, provide compassionate, expert care for female infertility, addressing hormonal imbalances, pcos, structural issues, and lifestyle factors. offering advanced treatments such as medications, surgery, and ivf, we create personalized plans to meet each patient's unique needs. our dedicated team works closely with you to address root causes and support your journey toward achieving motherhood.












functional medicine
we offer a holistic approach to healthcare through functional medicine, addressing the root causes of chronic conditions. by focusing on genetics, lifestyle, and environment, we create personalized treatment plans combining conventional and alternative therapies. our expert team prioritizes long-term health and prevention, providing patient-centered care to restore balance and achieve optimal wellness.











ozone therapy
ozone therapy 
ozone iv therapy combines medical-grade ozone with your blood to boost immune function, improve circulation, and support healing. this therapy by patients medical helps with chronic infections, degenerative diseases, and joint regeneration while enhancing oxygen metabolism and energy levels. administered intravenously and tailored to your needs, it promotes overall wellness. begin your journey to better health with personalized care today.











thyroid disease
the thyroid, located below adam's apple, regulates metabolism and energy through t4 and t3 hormones. imbalances can cause issues like hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, goiters, or thyroid cancer. patients medical offers expert, personalized care to address these conditions and restore balance. take the first step toward better thyroid health with tailored treatment from our dedicated team.












erectile dysfunction - ed
testosterone is essential for male reproductive health, muscle mass, and vitality. low levels can cause fatigue, reduced libido, and muscle loss. at patients medical, we offer testosterone replacement therapy (trt) using injections, gels, or patches, combined with guidance on lifestyle changes like diet and exercise. restore balance and improve well-being with our personalized care.












pain management
patients medical provides personalized pain management to address chronic and acute discomfort from injuries, illnesses, or medical conditions. using therapies like physical therapy, acupuncture, and functional medicine, we focus on relieving pain, improving mobility, and enhancing overall well-being. our holistic approach targets root causes to help you achieve lasting relief and a better quality of life.












ultraviolet blood irradiation
uv blood irradiation (ubi) therapy offered by patients medical enhances the immune system and treats infections, autoimmune disorders, and chronic conditions like lyme disease and cancer. this safe, non-invasive treatment uses ultraviolet light to purify blood, eliminate harmful microorganisms, and promote healing. with proven success, it provides a natural, effective approach to restoring health.













women’s wellness
women's wellness focuses on physical and mental health through personalized care. treatments include hormone balancing, sexual health support, and skincare options like thermismooth face and thermiva. emphasizing healthy habits such as regular exercise, balanced nutrition, and stress management, patients medical helps prevent issues like heart disease and obesity. start your journey with us to improve your health today.












holistic gynecology
combining conventional and holistic care, patients medical provides comprehensive gynecology services, including routine exams, fertility management, and menopause support. with advanced treatments and natural therapies like acupuncture and lifestyle counseling, we address hormone imbalances and reproductive health. accepting medicare, aetna, and ppo plans, our expert team ensures personalized care for every stage of women's health.












stress
chronic stress affects mental and physical health, causing fatigue, anxiety, and sleep issues. patients medical offers holistic stress relief therapies that target root causes through advanced testing, hormone balancing, nutrition, and lifestyle changes. our personalized wellness plans restore balance, boost energy, and support long-term healing, helping you achieve improved overall well-being with expert care.












diabetes
diabetes, including type 1, type 2, and gestational, requires proper management to prevent complications. combining lifestyle changes, advanced treatments, and holistic therapies, patients medical provides personalized care for better blood sugar control and overall health. our expert approach helps you live a healthier, more balanced life with tailored solutions to meet your unique needs.











depression & anxiety
depression and anxiety are serious mental health challenges that disrupt mood, thoughts, and daily life. we patients medical offer personalized care, including therapy, medication, and lifestyle adjustments, to address root causes and support recovery. early intervention is crucial for effective treatment, helping you manage symptoms, regain control, and improve overall emotional and physical well-being.











obesity (male & female)
obesity, marked by a bmi of 30 or higher, is linked to diabetes, heart disease, and infertility. influenced by poor diet, inactivity, and genetics, it causes joint pain, disproportionate fat, and emotional distress. we, patients medical, provide personalized care to address root causes and promote long-term health through our tailored solutions for sustainable weight management.











hypertension
hypertension often develops without noticeable symptoms, yet it can lead to severe complications like stroke, heart attack, and kidney failure. patients medical provides personalized care to manage high blood pressure, focusing on root causes and prevention. our holistic approach aims to improve overall health and reduce the risks associated with this life-threatening condition.











chronic pain syndrome
chronic pain syndrome (cps) involves persistent pain lasting over three months, often accompanied by fatigue, depression, and sleep issues.patients medical offers integrative care, combining physical therapy, medication, and holistic treatments to address root causes. our personalized approach provides lasting relief, helping patients manage pain and improve overall well-being and quality of life.



















case studies



patients medical is a superb place for women and men to secure integrative and holistic health care from providers who give personalized care.










genetic dna testing
jennifer age 45, nurse at a major hospital was excited about the tv ads...
read more







vitamin & mineral testing
anya b. age 49 accountant from new york, realized she was feeling very bad for months. 
read more







infertility female
are you over 40 years of age and having a difficult time getting pregnant?
read more












meet some of patients medical's physicians
















rashmi gulati, md
medical director of patients medical
read more










stuart weg, md
a holistic pain management physician 
read more



















dr. emine cosar, md
consult dr. emine cosar, md. for gynecology services including annual gyn checkups, ultrasounds, pap smears, etc. and supports holistic and integrative gynecology modules.
read more
















testimonials













i had some long term health problems when i came from los angeles to new york city. fortunately, i found dr. rashmi gulati who discovered my parathyroid disorder and referred me to the right surgeon to have the tumor removed. dr. gulati spent a lot of time with me reviewing my symptoms and providing comprehensive testing. dr. gulati’s approach to patient care is personal and comprehensive. she took time to listen to me and connect with me in a kind and caring manner. her entire staff is also very caring and friendly. additionally, i found it very helpful that she offers alternative treatments such as nutritional ivs to promote recovery and continued wellness. dr. gulati discovered my problem when none of my doctors in los angeles were able to. she saved my life.






dr. caren caty
psychologist







i absolutely love patients medical! i have been a patient of dr. gulati for many months now.






nina b. 
happy patient







i am very pleased with dr. gulati. i went not once, but plenty of times to get tested for my thyroid levels.






teona d.
happy patient







i had been searching for a dr. like dr. gulati for many years, and when i found her, she saved my life! 






pamela g.
happy patient







dr. gulati is very knowledgeable, compassionate & thorough.






susan b.
happy patient

















medical disclaimer



each individual's treatment and/or results may vary based upon the circumstances, the patients' specific situation, as well as the health care provider's medical judgment and only after further discussion of the patient's specific situation, goals, risks and benefits and other relevant medical discussion. any statements, before and after photos and testimonials within this website are not intended to substitute for this discussion or evaluation or as a guarantee as to outcomes. 














subscribe our newsletter









request an appointment


















important links

contact us
patients medical physicians 


health advice for women
health advice for men 
health and wellness programs 
employment 
treatment center by cities 





useful links

the center
testing
conditions
treatments
symptoms
reviews from google





useful links

terms of service 
privacy policy 
terms & conditions for membership
terms of use
notices specific to states
notice of privacy practices





connect with us





1148 fifth avenue, suite 1b, new york, ny 10128.
                                            (enter on fifth avenue at 96th street)
                                            
                                            get directions









info@patientsmedical.com








(212) 794-8800























copyright © 2024 patients medical. all rights reserved.
all information presented in this website is intended for informational purposes only and not for the purpose of rendering medical advice. statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. the information contained herein is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. patients medical.
this website may convey general information related to medical conditions, their research, testing, and treatment, and other health care topics. any such information is provided for informational purposes only. you should always consult with a doctor or other health care professional for medical advice or information about diagnosis and treatment.















×
get hormone e-book















×
get a price quote 
now for the treatment you want







select therapy
supplement therapy
maya abdominal therapy
stem cell therapy



submit




























