




margaret's soul kitchen — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































hurricane_mb
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














hurricane_mb







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









my other journal
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            margaret's soul kitchen
        

            my recipe journal
        




linksindex of all recipescommon tags:low carbchickenporkseafoodsausageveggiesfruitlouisiana




21 april 2006 @ 09:49 am
balsamic pork chops  


this was inspired by a recipe from southern living, which i adapted to make low-carb.  in addition to being tasty, it's quick and easy - about 20 minutes start to finish.1 tbs basil1 tbs rosemary1 tbs sage1 tsp salt1 tsp pepper2 tbs olive oil1 tbs minced garlic2 8 oz pork chops, about 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick1/2 can chicken broth3 tbs balsamic vinegarrub pork chops with spice mixture.  heat olive oil in skillet over medium heat and saute garlic.  add pork chops and brown, about 4 minutes per side.  remove from skillet.  add broth and vinegar, stirring well to mix in the bits from the bottom of the pan.  simmer until reduced by 1/2, about 6 minutes.  add pork chops and cook another 5 minutes.tags: entrees, low carb, pork
 
leave a comment




 

30 march 2006 @ 10:31 am
mocha cookies  


this recipe came from my friend heather, who is an expert cookie-chef.  these cookies are really easy to make, but people are always highly impressed because they look very martha stewart-ish (and because they're yummy). 1/2 cup butter, softened3/4 cup sugar1 egg (medium or large, not extra large)1 oz semisweet chocolate1/2 tbsp instant espresso in 2 tsp hot water (you can use 1 tbsp instant coffee if you can't find instant espresso)1 tsp vanilla extract1/4 tsp salt2 cup flourfor dipping:5-6 oz semisweet chocolate1/2 cup chopped nuts (hazelnuts or almonds work well)wax papergrate the chocolate fine and set it aside.  cream the butter and sugar together by hand or with a mixer set at lowest speed.  mix in the egg, blending well.  stir in the dissolved instant coffee and the vanilla, then the grated chocolate.  mix the salt into the flour.  stir the flour into the butter/sugar mixture and knead briefly.  form the unchilled dough into 2" balls and place 4" apart on an ungreased cookie sheet.  bake at 350 degrees in the top third of the oven for about 10-12 minutes, or until the edges are a little darker than the rest of the cookie.  yields approx 16-18 cookies.for the dipping:chop nuts in a food processor and toast in the oven until golden brown.  (to toast nuts, just put them on a cookie sheet in a low temp oven, about 250 or 300 degrees, shaking the cookie sheet occasionally to turn them, and keep an eye on them...they go from toasted to burnt very quickly).  melt the chocolate in the microwave according to the directions on the package.  when the cookies have cooled dip one end of them in the melted chocolate and then in the toasted nuts.  lay them on wax paper and let stand for a few hours or overnight.tasty cookiestags: cookies, desserts
 
leave a comment




 


 


14 january 2006 @ 04:42 pm
french toast  


french breadbuttereggsmilkvanilla extractground clovesground cinnamonpowdered sugarslice bread crosswise into 1" thick pieces.  whisk eggs.  add a splash of milk, and a dash of vanilla and cloves.  soak bread slices in egg mixture.  melt butter on a griddle or skillet and cook bread over medium heat until golden brown on both sides.remove from griddle.  while the slices are still hot, spread butter on one side.  sprinkle with cinnamon and powdered sugar.  serve immediately.  yum.tags: breakfast
 
leave a comment




 

25 november 2005 @ 11:03 am
roasted sweet potatoes  


sweet potatoesbutterolive oilrosemary*garlickosher saltfresh ground pepperpeel and cut potatoes into 0.5 to 1 inch cubes and place in a roasting pan.  mince rosemary and garlic.  melt butter in a bowl in the microwave.  add an equal amount (or slightly more) of olive oil.  whisk together.  add garlic and rosemary.  toss with potatoes, making sure they are all coated.  sprinkle with kosher salt and fresh ground pepper.  roast at 350 for 30-40 minutes, stirring once.*this recipe works with dried or ground rosemary too.  it's also tasty with thyme, but i like it with rosemary best.tags: low carb, sides, sweet potatoes, veggies
 
leave a comment




 


 


25 november 2005 @ 10:53 am
roasted chicken, simon & garfunkel style  


just like the song says: with parsley, sage, rosemary and thymeroasting chickenfresh flat-leaf parsleyfresh sagefresh rosemaryfresh thymeone bulb of garlicone lemonolive oilsalt and pepper1/4 cup white winechicken broth2 tsp flourmince herbs to yield about 1/3 cup of each.  press or mince the garlic.  zest the lemon, then quarter the remaining naked lemon.  mix herbs, garlic and lemon zest with salt and pepper to taste.  (i like about 1-2 tbs of pepper.)  stir in olive oil.  use enough oil to make the mixture completely wet with just a little extra oil at the top.  set aside 1 tablespoon of the mixture to use later for the sauce.  shove a bunch of the mixture under the skin.  i usually start at the neck and leave the bottom skin attached.  be aggressive and try and get it all the way to legs.  coat the outside of the chicken with the remaining herb mixture.  stuff the inside of the of the chicken with lemon quarters and leftover sprigs of herbs.  use a couple toothpicks to close the cavity if necessary.place the chicken on a roasting rack and roast.  a good rule of thumb is 10 minutes at 450, then turn oven down to 350 and roast for 20 minutes per pound plus an additional 20 minutes.  no need to peek or baste.  this chicken will be super tender!for the sauce: mix the reserved herb mixture with 2 tsp flour to make a paste, and set it aside.  when the chicken is done, remove chicken from roasting rack and pour the pan juices into a measuring cup.  spoon the fat off the top.  place the roasting pan on the stove burner.  add the wine to the roasting pan and simmer while stirring together the bits from the bottom of the pan.  pour the pan contents into the measuring cup, adding to the pan juices.  top off with chicken broth for a total volume of 1.5 cups.  pour the contents of the cup back into the roasting pan.  add herb mix paste.  simmer and stir over medium heat until slightly thickened, about 3-5 minutes.  pour into gravy boat and serve with chicken.tags: chicken, entrees, low carb
 
leave a comment




 


 


08 november 2005 @ 12:01 am
grilled middle eastern chicken  


1 whole cut-up chicken1 lemon1 bulb of garlic, pressed2 tbs fresh mint, minced1.5 tsp cumin1 tsp paprika1 tsp red pepper1 tsp black pepper0.5 tsp kosher salt3 tbs olive oil(these are all estimated amounts)finely grate lemon rind, and juice the lemon.  mix juice and rind with the rest of the ingredients.   shove a lot of the chunky stuff under the chicken skin, and rub the remaining mixture over the chicken.  let marinate for 30-60 min.  grill on a covered charcoal grill for about an hour, or until bottoms start to char a little.  the chicken should be very tender and flavorful.  you can garnish with lemon slices and some leftover mint if you wish.  the chicken goes quite well with greek salad.  this is a nice combo because you can do all of your prep ahead of time. i don't even turn the chickens. after you put the them on the grill, you can sit back and relax with a glass of wine for an hour until your guests arrive!tags: chicken, entrees, grilling, low carb
 
leave a comment




 


 


07 november 2005 @ 11:58 pm
greek salad  


cucumbertomatored onionfeta cheesekalamata olivesolive oilsalt and pepperpeel cucumber.  cut tomato and cucumber into half- to one-inch chunks.  thinly slice onion.  mix together with crumbled feta, olives, oil, salt and pepper.the key to this dish is good ingredients.  juicy, ripe tomatoes.  don't buy crappy american feta if you can help it.  good feta does not come in a plastic tub already crumbled up.  look on the package.  if it says cow's milk, it's not even real feta.  get the krinos stuff at the grocery, or better yet, go to a mediterranean market for the good stuff.tags: greek, low carb, salads, sides, veggies
 
leave a comment




 

29 august 2004 @ 09:22 am
low carb smoothies  


2 cups fruit**2 cups ice1/3 cup cream1 package (10.5 oz) silken tofu, firm1 tsp lemon juice1/2 tsp vanilla2 packets splenda** for the fruit, combinations of strawberries, peaches, kiwi, mango, papaya all work pretty well.combine ingredients in blender and blend until smooth.  the leftover smoothie will keep in the fridge for about 24 hours.tags: beverages, fruit, low carb
 
leave a comment




 


 


01 march 2004 @ 08:27 pm
fancy schmancy meatloaf  


1 tbsp olive oil1 tbsp butter1.5 cups onions, minced1 tbsp garlic, minced1 tsp dried thyme1 tsp dried oregano1/2 tsp allspice3/4 cup heavy cream1.5 lbs ground turkey or beef2 eggs, beaten1/4 minced fresh parsley3 tbsp low carb ketchup1/2 tbsp salt1 tsp black peppermelt butter and olive oil in a small skillet.  saute onion and garlic until onion is translucent.  add cream, oregano, thyme, allspice.  simmer until reduced to the consistency of oatmeal.  in a mixing bowl, combine with the rest of the ingredients.  pour into a 1.5 quart loaf pan.  bake at 350 for 1 hour.i said it was low carb, not low fat ;-)(adapted from a recipe in the neiman marcus cookbook.)tags: entrees, ground beef, ground turkey, low carb
 
leave a comment




 

14 february 2004 @ 06:03 pm
spinach and artichoke dip  


1 10 oz box frozen chopped spinach, thawed  1 14 oz can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped  1.5 cup shredded parmesan + romano and/or mozzarella cheese blend  10 oz. prepared alfredo sauce  4 oz. softened cream cheese.    combine ingredients thoroughly in a bowl and spread mixture into a small baking dish. bake for 30 minutes at 350 or until cheeses are bubbling and melted.tags: appetizers, dips, low carb, veggies
 
leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























