



knick-knack















home blog photos words search contact


wed: jan 29, 2025
» past maps - historical maps near you. i really like this, might order a print or two.     # 


» how i broke up with adobe. this is pretty great, worth a watch. and wow did they put the effort into the edit.     # 


» want to remove your lawn? here’s how not to kill your trees. i went with just river rock in my front yard years ago and am very happy with it, though i still get a fair amount of weeds every summer.     # 


» the ultimate guide to smoothing & finishing your 3d prints. that is way more comprehensive than anything i'd care to do, but if you are doing accurate cosplay i can see it being worth it.     # 


» it’s cheaper to ski in europe than in the usa. zero surprise at all, between the expense and the traffic i bailed on commercial ski areas a long time ago. (also note the url shows this is 2018, but it's been updated for 2025)     # 


» openhaystack - personal tags for find my. i was interested until it said you needed to already own a mac...     # 


» viva haçienda (fifteen years of haçienda nights), and a nice youtube version of the viva hacienda cd set. i just got done reading how not to run a club and wanted to track this down, it's great.     # 


» fixing my monitor's power button. i have an lg monitor with that same joystick, fortunately it is still working fine, but this is good to know.     # 


» the beginner's guide to visual prompt injections. this is from a year and a half ago now but it's still super interesting.     # 




sun: jan 12, 2025
» zion climbing in the 1930s. my favorite quote:
in june, 1927, bill evans, a "distinctly daredevil type and a mountaineer" (superintendent's memo 7/13/27) set out to climb the great white throne in zion national park, armed with only 15 feet of rope and a small canteen of water.
glad to see people have been morons for a very long time.     # 


» activepieces automation. i'm still trying to think of use-cases for myself so just tagging this for later.     # 


» esp32 mpy-jama, an ide and configuration tool for esp32. i am exclusively using esphome for my devices these days since i am using them integrated with home assistant, but if i ever need to do other things this looks like a great tool.     # 


» larson scanner pumpkin, the old knight rider and battlestar galactica effect is technically called a "larson scanner" and it still brings nostalgia seeing it.     # 


» snappymail self-hosted webmail. i use thunderbird but also keep a list of these in case i need one while i'm away from my devices.     # 


» seeed studio xiao rp2040 with micropython. i was using one of these to drive leds on a wearable fannypack until i upgraded to use an esp with wled, it worked great as long as you don't need to connect wirelessly.     # 


» lessons in electric circuits. free online textbook.     # 


» knurled knob generator on thingiverse, super handy.     # 


» raspberry pi power button. add a dtoverlay line to your config, connect a button to two pins, easy peasy.     # 




sat: jan 04, 2025
» rocky flats munitions plant. not sure when this was filmed but now they are even building mcmansions not too far aware which is bonkers to me.     # 


» internal combustion engine demo. any time someone asks me how an engine works i am absolutely sending them this.     # 


» bootloader unlock wall of shame, see which companies make it hard or impossible to unlock your phone (to be able to root it).     # 


» curl-impersonate, handy to see if you are getting served different content between a browser and a script.     # 


» how do you rappel past a damaged section of rope?  interesting and not something i'd thought about before but the process makes sense.     # 


» i don't have spotify. paste in a spotify link and it'll try to find the same track on other music stores.     # 


» we've not been trained for this, extremely entertaining talk, i'm impressed they kept their composure and sense of humor after the lawsuits and everything that happened.     # 




sun: dec 01, 2024
» auto-mounting encrypted drives with a remote key on linux. clever.     # 




sat: nov 30, 2024
» microsoft/wslg. basically installs a graphical linux system using windows wsl and then lets you run linux gui programs on your windows systems.     # 


» build a diy 3d filament dry box with this popular ikea storage box. since i made a plywood enclosure for my printer this won't work for me, i'm using the cereal containers with desiccant packs in each one. i also bought some one-way valves so i can pump the air out of the cereal boxes but i haven't bothered to install those yet.     # 


» take the 30-second power test
since it's behind a paywall, here's the relevant bit:
sit in a chair with a straight back and no arm rests and cross your arms over your chest, resting your hands on your shoulders, feet flat on the floor. start a timer for 30 seconds and count how many times you can move from sitting to standing.
men over 65 should be able to do 12 or more; women over 65 should do 11 or more. if you score below that, you may be low on power.
while there is no defined standard for younger adults, one study suggested that men under 60 should be able to complete at least 17 repetitions and women 15.     # 


» rpi_ws281x, userspace raspberry pi library for controlling ws281x leds. i've had great luck with wled on esp microcontrollers but this is a great idea if you have something complicated that needs more computing power (like those large holiday displays people seem so fond of)     # 


» while i'm still a paying member of flickr i also have more casual photos i'd like to share among small groups, without requiring people to sign up for a commercial app. i'm only interested in things that can be run under docker just to make my life easier. these seem to be decent alternatives that you can self-host:

immich. this is currently running my stuff, it's very active, i'm constantly updating the container.
piwigo
lychee
photoprism
photostructure

i may play with some of the others but while immich feels "heavy" on the server it does what i need it to do.     # 




sat: nov 09, 2024
» logitech g502 hero disassembly. the scroll wheel has been fighting me a lot lately so i disassembled it and wow, the amount of fuzz and everything jammed around it was impressive, more so when you see how clean the outside was.
i didn't take it fully apart to the level of this guide but the hinge pin required to take the wheel out was called out and i was glad for it. also, shout out to ifixit for hosting so many guides for so many devices, especially that they don't even sell parts for.     # 


» radpower mods. i recently picked up at use radpower expand 5 pretty much just to get to the gym and grocery store and it's working great. i've done a few mods/upgrades to it and will probably just stop now but it's worth browsing through here every now and again.     # 


»  update! - non-planar top fuzzyskin - 3d printing guide!  (youtube video). i like that texture.     # 


» bigbattery grid tied systems. those prices are more reasonable than i would have assumed.     # 


» hopetech open source tools. from a manufacturer of bicycle brakes, you can 3d print your own shims and fixtures and such. i like the idea though i don't own any of their brake systems.     # 


» presence simulation for home assistance. interesting idea but i just have things on a schedule whether i'm home or not. i guess this could be more extensive like turning music or some such.     # 


» upixels (micropixels). nice. i hand-wrote some led animations for an rp2040 but it wasn't a great experience (and i didn't use wled since it didn't have any kind of network attachment). this looks great, will tinker with.     # 


» filmolino scanners. i'd love something like this but i've had this tab open in my browser for a very long time and haven't seen any change in the status.     # 


» blood drive soundtrack. that show was completely bonkers and i loved the music on top of it.     # 


» comparison of android roms. currently i'm just running a rooted version of regular android but i also have a backup phone of the same model i've been thinking about running an alternative rom on, this is a helpful guide.     # 


» the birds of america : from drawings made in the united states and their territories. the drawings are amazing (i linked to page 281 with barn swallows).     # 


» regular expressions in python and perl. like so many things it's just annoying in python.     # 


» manually calibrating the s8 co2 sensor. i did this and the sensor is perpetually reporting low (like 250 ppm inside the house) but i'm more interested in trends than i am exact numbers, knowing how much change happens when i spend time in a room.     # 




fri: nov 08, 2024
» dawarich: your self-hosted location history tracker. i use phonetrack on my nextcloud instance (with ulogger on android feeding it) and have been very happy with it but this would be great for people not running nextcloud...     # 


» while i've been using mountain project since it was called boulder climbing it's always good to be aware of the alternatives, so here's 3:

the crag
openbeta
sendage.com
     # 


» cube frame - a modular, 3d printed itx enclosure & frame system. ohhh, interesting!     # 


» how to record browser audio on linux. i should play around more with pipewire     # 


» extreme pi boot optimization. impressive work.     # 


» bop spotter, amazing.     # 


» scantailor-advanced. i was unable to get it to build under linux but i did find the windows version works just fine using wine.     # 


» wake-up light alarm with sunrise effect. recently added to my home assistant installation and love it. don't need it in the summer when i'm up with the sunrise anyway but in the winter with the dark being so dark in the mornings this is a really nice tweak. i have mine set to trigger on my phone's "next alarm" which is nearly always the wake-up alarm.     # 


» the utilization saturation and errors (use) method is a methodology for analyzing the performance of any system. i appreciate the linux checklist.     # 


» the 34th first annual ig nobel ceremony. i've always enjoyed watching these, and was a subscriber to the magazine for a few years. some time ago i caught the show on a public radio station driving back home from moab, that was interesting.     # 


» litecli for sqlite databases, super nice, i'm going to get this everywhere that has an sqlite database...     # 


» guide to choosing roller skate wheels for different surfaces. handy for my friends with quads, and at least the durometer ratings will help me when it comes time to replace the wheels on my blades.     # 


» video stabilization with `ffmpeg` and `vidstab`. this does work, but has it's limits, it will not fix "shaky cam" looking video...     # 


» tracking supermarket prices with playwright. interesting, i should look into playwright.     # 


» list of common misconceptions. that's quite a list, and i recognize a lot of them.     # 




sun: oct 20, 2024
» aerogarden shutting down (video on mastodon). i have an older aerogarden (i guess a "classic") that i've diyed a few times over the years but those peat pellets are new to me, i'll be picking up a bag.     # 


» dummy 13 - version 1.0!. i love it, going to print one or two.     # 


» a complete guide to canon eos r mirrorless cameras and their specifications. i've been debating upgrading my 7d mark ii but have been baffled by the currently available cameras, this was a nice guide.     # 




sat: oct 19, 2024
» the rural purge: death of the country broadcasting system. interesting, i didn't realize that was how it happened (i remember a few of the shows from when i was a kid but not all of them). also, i learned mo rocca has a podcast!     # 


» def con 23 - samy kamkar - drive it like you hacked it: new attacks and tools to wireles. super entertaining, and the price of the im me on ebay seems to be down to about $80 now at least.     # 


» synchronized neopixel shoelaces with wled, used this for my under-rollerblade lights, it's pretty cool to have them synced. also used this esp32 firmware for the m5stack atom lite and it works fantastic (no idea what the "staircase" addition has done but it's working well for me)     # 


» diy bungee cords. clever, especially since the ones you buy at the store are never the right size...     # 


» the witch trials band. had no idea this was a thing but since it's on spotify i gave it a listen. glad i did but i still prefer the dead kennedys.     # 


» pixelblaze v3, a wi-fi-enabled, live-codable led controller with a web-based development environment. i've been playing with wled on some m5stack devices and really like them but having a purpose built device like this is nice.     # 




mon: sep 30, 2024
» open source icon sets, that's an impressive collection.     # 




older stuff



 your host:

 shelf road 2001: curtis and 5.8 corner 02
 10 random photos:

 hawaii 2006: volcano: kilauea caldera

 first flatiron 2007: curtis on ridge

 taipei 2001: andy paying

 moab 2006: amasa back: scenery

 australia 2004: busker 02

 multnomah falls: over the second fall

 australia 2004: sydney opera house at dusk

 kbco go box

 new years 2001: 05

 computer humor: gamma correction




