




oahu and only oahu!












































home
site map
about us
contact
advertise here




home
site map
about us
contact
advertise here





 welcome to oahu, hawaii 












customizable transition effects

image slider

plain javascript slider
lazy loading image
light weight image slider
fine tuned. sleek & smooth
easy-to-use slider



html caption. back to menucool.
            

                smart lazy loading image
            





















 



welcome to oahu, 
 the breathtaking paradise! an island full of surprises, oahu has everything to offer to make all that you ever dreamed of, a reality. with its tropical flowers, pristine valleys and majestic mountain peaks, rainbows and waterfalls, quiet beaches and fiery sunsets, oahu is truly a jewel. its perfect weather - temperatures ranging between 68 to 85 degrees fahrenheit year round and coastal rainfall averaging 23 inches per year - makes it a dream destination for vacationers any time of the year. 
read more 


great tours and activities






 
hotels
 	

located on the island of oahu, a half-mile from the airport, the honolulu airport hotel is ideally suited for the traveler passing through the island .
more





 
airline tickets
oahu.us has made buying an airline ticket convenient for you by offering the facility of t he largest airfare search engine on the internet.
more






 
cruise
oahu cruises cruise vacations can be a great experience, full of elegance and romance. imagine watching the sun rise and set every day
 more





 
car rental
oahu has a wide-ranging selection of rental cars available - from the very luxurious, suv 4 x 4 utility, exotic, and the unusual, to the basic economy, compact, and full size vehicles. 
 more













 
 luxury hotels 
 	

here at oahu luxury hotels, you will find all the luxury hotel information that a discriminating traveler may need.
more






 
tours & activities 
as the center of tourism industry in hawaii, a wide variety of tours and activities are available in oahu.
more






 
promotion deals
made up your mind to go on vacations at the last minute? then last minute deals is just for you. yes, it’s now possible to get great travel deals at the last minute.
 more





 
custom trip 
oahu has a wide-ranging selection of rental cars available - from the very luxurious, suv 4 x 4 utility, exotic, and the unusual, to the basic economy, compact, and full size vehicles. 
 more







quick oahu info 
a short trip in any direction on oahu can have a dramatic change in climate, culture, or scenery!......
read more

 oahu

 oahu activities
 oahu links
 oahu photos
 travel insurance
 oahu schools
 oahu events
 bed & breakfasts
 oahu golf
 oahu map
 oahu realtors
 oahu weddings
 news realeases
  oahu cottages
  honeymoons
  oahu nightlife 
  oahu resorts 
  oahu shopping
  medical services
   oahu family travel
   island stats
   oahu people
  oahu restaurants
   tour oahu 
   legal assistance 















our partners




 


















                          
						all content and images copyrighted 2003 by rossetti international, bigbamboostock, and others. no use of any content permitted without written authorization. terms and conditions. webmaster contact click here  
 










