








harriman | architecture and design | northern new england























































skip to content













search
















      harriman
    












 search 
 




about us






design approach





legacy





latest





careers





locations







people





work

markets






commercial + mixed use





community + cultural





federal





municipal





healthcare





higher education





pre-k – 12 education





science + technology





workplace







services






architecture





civil engineering





electrical engineering





interior design





landscape architecture





mechanical engineering





structural engineering












contact us




contact us















 search 



contact us
















prevnext


inspiring solutions emerge from an integrated approach


at harriman, there is no in-between. our team of architecture and engineering professionals work cohesively to support and achieve each client’s goals. working collaboratively with our clients, we deliver uplifting, resilient, and high-performing designs.

learn about us




our design approach
across the diverse services and market areas that comprise our practice, our process is driven by clear and compelling core values.

discover our approach



a culture of collaboration
the ride is as important as the destination. we’re committed to a process that values the contributions of diverse contributors. teaming across disciplines is in our dna. since our founding in the 1870s, the firm has been committed to bringing teams together to solve complex challenges.

meet our people





markets we serve




commercial + mixed use


community + cultural


federal


municipal


healthcare


higher education


pre k – 12 education


science + technology


workplace





what our clients are saying










                    “we’re committed to provide our students with an education that inspires a lifelong love of learning and discovery. thanks to harriman’s transformative re-imagining of lyseth elementary school, we now have an engaging environment that cultivates our educational ideals and is truly a source of pride for our community.”
                  

lenore williams, principal
lyseth elementary school






                    “harriman completed our facilities needs assessment and conceptual plans for all of our municipal facilities which had not be updated in 20 years. harriman brought an excellent team of architects, planners, designers, and cost estimators to work with our large steering committee and somehow found a way to present the complex information in a way that make it possible for us to work through all of the decisions that needed to be made.”
                  

richard sawyer, aicp, town manager 
town of bedford, nh






                    “we appreciate the professionalism that harriman provided during the permitting process…we look forward to having hometown health center as a part of our community.”
                  

 billy boulier, planning board
palmyra, maine







prev
next






find us






portland, me
80 exchange street3rd floor portland, me 04101(207) 775-0053


auburn, me
46 harriman driveauburn, me 04210(207) 784-5100


portsmouth, nh
33 jewell courtportsmouth, nh 03801(603) 626-1242


boston, ma
19 kingston street, suite 4boston, ma 02111(617) 426-5050






explore the latest





see more posts















news

                  new senior associates                













article

                  debunking taj mahal syndrome                













news

                  maine public profiled edward little high school                













news

                  vertical harvest project featured in mainebiz                









we’d love to work on a project together.

get in touch





sign up for our newsletter
we’d love to connect! join our email list to learn more about our ongoing work and ideas.



email address(required)

 sign upphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 












unsubscribe any time. see our privacy policy and our terms of use.









navigate
home
about us
people
latest
careers
contact us



find us
auburn, me46 harriman driveauburn, me 04210
portland, me80 exchange street3rd floor portland, me 04101
portsmouth, nh33 jewell courtportsmouth, nh 03801
boston, ma19 kingston street, suite 4boston, ma 02111


follow us
instagram
facebook
linkedin





© 2025 harriman · all rights reserved.
website by anchour
 





























