
































pediatric orthopedic services - nyc | columbiadoctors children's health


















 
skip to content





 






columbiadoctors
children's health















columbiadoctors children's health







patient login
contact us












about us



about us 


history
children's board at columbia
firsts & awards
research
frequently asked questions
patient stories
make a gift





          welcome back safely        

 
columbiadoctors practices are open and we are here to care for you. 
how we are keeping everybody safe 




pediatric specialties



pediatric specialties 


allergy
cancer & blood disorders
cardiology & cardiac surgery
child & adolescent health
dentistry
dermatology
digestive & liver disorders
ear, nose & throat
endocrinology, diabetes & metabolism
genetics & inherited disorders
gynecology
hospital services
immunodeficiency disorders
infectious diseases
kidney & bladder
lungs & breathing disorders
neonatal
neurology
neurosurgery
ophthalmology & strabismus
orthopedics
primary care pediatrics
psychiatry & psychology
radiology
rehabilitation medicine
rheumatology
surgery
urology





          find a doctor        

 
search for a provider by specialty, expertise, location and insurance. schedule an appointment online. 
find a doctor 




treatments & conditions
locations
find a doctor
for patients



for patients 


access connect
access digital health services
code of conduct
get virtual urgent care
get a second opinion
health insights
health library
pay a bill
podcast: the stuff that matters for kids' health
refer a patient
request medical records
request prescription refill
request a virtual visit
request an appointment





          find a doctor        

 
search for a provider by specialty, expertise, location and insurance. schedule an appointment online. 
find a doctor 













orthopedics 


our services



our services 


the center for conservative care for spine and scoliosis
the center for early onset scoliosis





conditions we treat
patient stories
our locations
meet our team
























pediatric orthopedics 







you are herehome > pediatric specialties > orthopedics









orthopedics 


our services
conditions we treat
patient stories
our locations
meet our team








orthopedics



      make an appointment    

our team is here to help you make an appointment with the specialists that you need. 212-305-4565telehealth servicesappointment informationfind a doctorfind a doctor



if your child has an orthopedic problem, you want him or her to receive the very best, most advanced care possible. additionally, you’ll want a team of experts who are compassionate and view each one of their young patients as unique and special, and who understand and are responsive to the concerns of parents.
columbiadoctors pediatric orthopedists at newyork-presbyterian morgan stanley children’s hospital provide that kind of team. in fact, according to u.s. news & world report, our service ranks among the best of its kind in the country because we address children’s unique needs, advance pediatric treatment options worldwide through our extensive research, and focus on quality of care concerns for the whole family.
our team
our team’s mission is to get each and every one of our patients back to their very important job — being children.





michael g. vitale, md, co-director, pediatric orthopedic surgery 



our pediatric orthopedic surgeons are renowned for their specialized expertise in a broad spectrum of congenital, developmental, and traumatic disorders affecting bones, soft tissues, joints and the neuromuscular system in babies, children, and adolescents. these physicians are highly skilled in providing young patients with state-of-the-art surgical and non-surgical treatments — whether the problem involves a club foot, cerebral palsy, a curve in the spine, leg length differences, orthopedic tumors, or a sports injury. 
they understand the unique issues involved in caring for children and their specific developmental needs. our dedicated team of surgeons and nurses take a holistic view of each child and his or her musculoskeletal system when planning treatment. they also recognize that family involvement plays a significant role in a child’s progress and consider family members a very vital part of the treatment.
a full range of associated resources, including physical therapy, pediatric rehabilitation medicine, and orthotic and prosthetic services, complement the care we provide our patients.





















columbia university irving medical center


providing world-class care with new york presbyterian. logotype.








clinical trials
careers
donate
contact us






columbiadoctors children's health


630 west 168th street
new york, ny 10032
united states



general information / find a doctor
855-550-5437 



patient safety phone
212-305-8548 





patient safety email
cdsafety@cumc.columbia.edu 










      follow us    

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram










© 2025 columbia university
privacy policy
terms and conditions
hipaa
general information: 212-305-2862






 back to top





