




mainline border collie centre – border collie & dog training






































skip to main content




facebook
01274 564163 (10am-4pm weekdays, 10am-2pm saturdays)
info@bordercollies.co.uk










home
about us

about mainline
meet the team
about the breed
videos


sheepdogs

sheepdog training
handling courses
about the breed
the international sheep dog society


sheepdog experience

sheepdog experience
calendar
gift vouchers


pet dogs

pet dog training & behaviour
about the breed
fostbc – border collie rescue


groups & parties

children’s parties
private groups


books
news & articles
contact us
search




 




search


submit

















welcome to mainline border collie and behavioural centre, home of the freedom of spirit trust and founders of the original sheepdog experience and the tlc training technique.
here at mainline in the heart of the yorkshire moors the welcome is warm, the kettle is always on, the collies are eager and the information is as versatile as the dogs themselves.


sheepdog training & handlingsheepdog experiencepet dog training & behaviourgift vouchersgroups & children's partiesabout us


whether you have a dog with a behavioural problem are looking for a publication, a training tip, a day out or an entertaining speaker we have something for everyone. enjoy your journey through our web pages and don’t forget to contact us for a free brochure.
remember, visiting mainline is not just a sheepdog experience it’s a corporate collies ™ sheepdog experience, the only one of its kind in the uk


sheepdog training & handlingour sheepdog handling courses and training clinics are designed for the absolute beginner, to novice, through to trial standard. our training is adapted to suit all individual needs and will teach you how to handle and train a working dog using body language and natural communication.
find out more pet dog training & behaviourbehavioural consultations and training for all breeds and problems, including aggression, are all with the tlc – thinking like canines technique developed by barbara sykes mcfba mbipdt (canine and feline behaviour association and the british institute of professional dog trainers)
find out more sheepdog experiencefor your sheepdog experience you will join a small group of ‘shepherds’, and our groups are usually up to four people. your event will start with an introduction to the border collie as a breed, followed by working with them in a controlled area, and then you will be out in the field with your instructor, a dog and a small flock of sheep.
find out more 


what is tlc training?
tlc helps us to access our dogs’ minds, to know what they are thinking and to understand their behaviour. it helps us to communicate with them and to provide a foundation for all forms of training.


sheepdog experiences




our sheepdog experience is the one you will remember! discover one of man’s oldest skills.




find out more about mainline


the mainline border collie centre is run by barbara sykes who has been working, training and trialling dogs all her life. born on the farm in yorkshire (on the edge of the famous ilkley moors) and brought up with collies, her experience and understanding covers a wide range of topics, including several years shepherding.
a national and international sheep dog triallist, barbara is no beginner when it comes to competition and is respected amongst the predominantly male participants of the trials circuit.
with her dog meg, they both had eight consecutive years competing in english national trial events and were part of the english team at aberystwyth in 1983.
mainline border collie centre was founded in 1983, during which time it has helped both owner and dog with handling sheep, basic obedience, problem solving, canine behaviour and to understand the dog and relate to its way of thinking, plus countless other related topics.
mainline’s own border collies work sheep and yet are trained to a standard where they have appeared on televisions popular childrens’ series ‘woof’, ‘out of sight’ and prime time viewing ‘peak practice’. some of the media representation for mainline include tabloids, magazines, tv appearances and tv programmes. however the main function of mbcc is for the welfare and future of the border collie.
barbara herself is not just a farmer and shepherdess but also a canine behaviourist and tries to help people to understand not just how to teach a dog to be obedient but how to communicate with it and understand its needs as a dog – hence tlc-thinking like canines was born.
golcar farm is a working farm, you will not find pretty tea rooms and gift shops but you will see farming as it is and dogs that live for work and fun. dogs with a sense of humour living on a farm that is waiting for you to visit.


sheepdog training



with vicki sykes an experienced trainer and accomplished trialist

one on one sheepdog handling courses – tailored to suit you and your dog
border collie/working sheepdog assessment courses
sheepdogs taken for training
our own fully trained sheepdogs available to help you.

our sheepdog handling courses and training clinics are designed for the absolute beginner, to novice, through to trial standard. our training is adapted to suit all individual needs and will teach you how to handle and train a working dog using body language and natural communication. trained sheepdogs are available for those without their own dog, or to give confidence to novice sheepdog handlers. whether you would like to continue with previous training or introduce your dog to sheep, we offer kind, patient and experienced tuition.vicki sykes is an accomplished and trialist and has spent years training, living and working with collies, educating and guiding their natural instincts. while recognising their humour and character she provides an individual and unique way of training, enabling a better understanding of the working mind of one of the world’s most intelligent dogs.

both theory and practical hands on work with sheep and dog
working with trained sheepdogs who can give you confidence and aid in your learning
learning how to read and communicate through body language, which will help you understand your dog
you will learn more about your dog and its individual nature which will aid both in your training and everyday life with your dog.
taking you through the training stages from pen work to the open field. how to teach your dog to stop, flank left and right, gather and drive.




find out more 


why not join a group of like minded people or book an event for your own group?


book a sheepdog experience 





news & informationthe border collie inside and outnovember 12, 2024tlc presents the border collie inside and out a look into the history and genetics…read morechristmas cardsnovember 5, 2024christmas cards exclusive to fostbc border collie rescue and mainline border collie centre. individual cards…read morecalendar 2025november 5, 2024a look back to thirteen of the amazing dogs we rescued and rehomed, or given…read moreeasing the pressurejuly 3, 2023what ever would we do if we didn't have a clock to watch? we go…read morefight and flight distancejuly 3, 2023fight and flight is the distance between prey and predator that allows a choice. outside…read moresheepdog experiencejuly 3, 2023look out for new dates being posted on our events calendar for the sheepdog experience…read moreare you feeding the right diet?july 3, 2023if you are happy with the food and your dog is healthy and contented then…read more








our website contains a range of useful information. if you cannot find the answer to your query, please get in touch.
contact us




copyright mainline border collie centre 2025 - all rights reserved.










search


submit


 






























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



