




rosary school


































































menumenuhomeadmissions

policy
request information
registration
requirements

information

parent/student handbook
school supply lists 24-25
save the date
cafeteria information
after school care
events, sports, and scouting
school store
wellness program
uniform guidelines
school calendar
family portal  (parentsweb)
time and talent program
home & school association
safe environment
school advisory council
catholic links
spelling bee 2025
mardi gras mambo 2025

about us

curriculum
faculty
history
past leaders
philosophy
photo gallery
st. francis of assisi church

contact 



  life on top s01e01 sister act hd full episode  https://anyxvideos.com   xxx school girls porno fututa de nu hot sexo con  https://www.xnxxflex.com rani hot bangali heroine xvideos-in.com sex cinema bhavana


































 




mission statement


the mission of rosary catholic school is to educate and form saints who are nourished by jesus in the eucharist and called to lifelong faith, learning, and service.





welcome to rosary catholic school founded 1927, oklahoma city, ok
the tradition of excellence in education, offered at rosary school, is part of our catholic heritage. parents, the administration, teachers, staff and students, working together, will build a faith-based community. together we will all strive to meet the challenges of our school in today’s world. entrust your children to us, support us, and work along side of us, as we enter the 2024-2025 school year with god’s blessing.
located in the historic gatewood neighborhood, rosary school has developed a reputation for excellence in catholic education since 1927. come visit our beautiful campus and see why you should enroll your child at one of oklahoma city’s top primary academic institutions. give your child the opportunity to receive the scholastic and spiritual teachings that will last a lifetime as a rosary school alumni. you can read more about our school and its long history of providing excellent educational opportunities for oklahoma city on our history page. 
mardi gras mambo  feb. 22, 2025
          


 






							© copyright rosary catholic school 2012 - 2025						















