






drcnet online library of drug policy






presented by  drcnet


library archives 
schaffer library
  | drug war chronicle
  | drug war facts
  |   carl olsen's marijuana archive 
|   drugtext and drugtext
usa 
human
rights '95   |   the
ibogaine dossier   |   drug policy alliance  |   think for yourself 
national
norml and
portland norml   |
  multidisciplinary
association for psychedelic studies 
marijuana
policy project   |   the psychedelic library
  |   stanton peele addiction website 

drug policy organizations

american society for action on pain
  |   drug policy foundation 
|   stopthedrugwar.org: the drug reform coordination network

families
against mandatory minimums   |
students for sensible drug policy   |
flex your rights   |
common sense for drug policy   | 
forfeiture
endangers american rights   |   national
norml 
portland
norml   |   the
november coalition 

search the library
|   links   |
  table
of contents [400 kbytes] 

contact us



site descriptions:


 

major studies of drugs
    and drug policy, history of the drugs and drug laws, medical
    marijuana research, government publications on drugs and drug
    policy, charts and graphs of drug war statistics, information
    on specific drugs and much, much more.

 

in-depth, weekly online report on the drug
war and reform efforts.  a publication of drcnet, drug war chronicle is arguably the
world's leading drug policy newsletter.

 

hundreds of pages of detailed statistics
compilations on every corner of drug policy.  this is the perfect reference for
preparing for a speech, fleshing out your editorial, or challenging your
preconceptions.

 

this noted activist
    presents information on the olsen vs. dea decision, marijuana
    as medicine, religion and drugs, hemp as an industrial and
    food resource, and more.




 

sponsored by the
    international foundation on drug policy and human rights,
    drugtest presents the latest in government policies and
    important drug research news from
    europe
    and the united states




human rights and the
    drug war: dedicated to the prisoners of the drug war and
    their families and to all those working to regain their
    freedom and restore respect for all human rights.




ibogaine, an alkaloid
    discovered in plants from the west african rain forest, has
    been reported to reduce both narcotic and cocaine withdrawal
    symptoms in humans. the ibogaine.org website contains a
    wealth of information on ibogaine and its in vivo and in
    vitro actions, original articles of acclaimed ibogaine
    researchers, and information on experimental ibogaine
    treatment.




the lindesmith center
    is a project of the open society institute dedicated to
    broadening the debate on drugs and drug policy. the site
    features an extensive collection of research papers, fact
    sheets, and articles from both the academic and popular
    press. "focal points" offer an in-depth look at
    medical marijuana, heroin prescription, and methadone
    maintenance, and more. 

 

maps is a membership-based
    organization working to assist psychedelic researchers around
    the world to design, fund, conduct, and report on psychedelic
    research in humans. complete-text articles appearing in the
    maps bulletin are available at the organization's website.
    maps is a non-profit corporation funded by tax-deductible
    donations.




on january 25, 1995, the
    marijuana policy project (mpp) was incorporated as a
    nonprofit organization in the district of columbia by robert
    kampia and chuck thomas. the mpp's mission is to provide the
    marijuana law-reform movement with full-time, organized
    lobbying on the federal level.




the internet's most
    comprehensive resource for the literature of psychedelic
    drugs. research reports, philosophical essays, articles, and
    complete-text books are available both for professional
    research and for general interest. 

 

a comprehensive
    collection of material relating to every aspect of the
    addictive experience, maintained by this noted author and
    independent addiction researcher. "spaws" includes
    questions from readers, a large on-line library of stanton's
    articles, and an active controversy section in which stanton
    takes on leading figures in alcohol and addiction research,
    policy, and treatment.

 

views and comments on
    the drug issue from a wide variety of well-known thinkers and
    writers, with news articles and media information. 

 

asap is an organization of pain
    patients, their families, doctors, and caregivers, dedicated
    to improving pain treatment and ensuring that pain patients
    may obtain the life-giving medications they need.




the drug policy
    foundation is an independent, non-profit organization with
    over 20,000 members that publicizes alternatives to the
    failing "war on drugs." get involved — join
    the debate

 

families against mandatory
    minimums foundation (famm foundation) is a national nonprofit
    organization founded in march of 1991 by attorneys, judges,
    criminal justice experts, and the families of inmates in
    response to the excessive penalties triggered by mandatory
    minimum sentencing policies for nonviolent offenses.

 

f.e.a.r. is a national
    nonprofit organization dedicated to reform of federal and
    state asset forfeiture laws to restore due process and
    protect the property rights of innocent citizens.



 

websites of the national
    organization for
    the reform of marijuana laws and their portland
    chapter,
    which maintains some of the finest in marijuana-related
    archives.




the november coalition is an
    organization of drug war prisoners and their loved ones who
    are urging the citizens of this country to take a second look
    at the war on drugs. drug arrests are transforming the land
    of the free. the u.s. is now the world's leading jailer. we
    echo the words of senior federal drugs were devoted instead
    to education and treatment, the cost and dangers of drug use
    would be greatly reduced."


 
 



need
        software? 









comments to: cliff_schaffer@yahoo.com 






enter your search terms

submit search form




web

www.druglibrary.org
















