















kepware industrial connectivity solutions | ptc











































































ptc header





























































































































































































selected language unavailable





                                this experience is not available in the language you selected.
                            








proceed







 
kepware: 25+ years of reliable industrial connectivity
gain access to data from virtually any sensor, device, or machine and securely share it amongst it and ot systems with kepware
















        overview
    

        benefits
    

        products
    

        support
    

        case studies
    

        faq
    

        partner network
    




        contact us
    

        kepware podcast
    











what is kepware?



kepware is a portfolio of industrial connectivity solutions that connect disparate legacy ot devices with software applications. utilizing a scalable, unified architecture, kepware provides the flexibility to combine drivers and consume multiple protocols in a single server, while offering a streamlined interface for remote visualization and connectivity configuration at scale. 
with a 25-year legacy of innovation, kepware continues to push the boundaries of connectivity. explore what's new.




                            new in kepware
                        


















                            what are the benefits of kepware?
                        


what could you accomplish if all your machines across all manufacturing operations were speaking the same language? kepware provides critical technical features that enable accessibility, aggregation, optimization, connectivity, security, and diagnostics.

<p>what could you accomplish if all your machines across all manufacturing operations were speaking the same language? kepware provides critical technical features that enable accessibility, aggregation, optimization, connectivity, security, and diagnostics.</p>









                                            accessibility
                                        






kepware provides data access for industrial client applications (such as mes and scada) and big data analytics software via opc, proprietary protocols, and it protocols.

                                        kepware provides data access for industrial client applications (such as mes and scada) and big data analytics software via opc, proprietary protocols, and it protocols.
                                    







                                            optimization
                                        






kepware optimizes communications and reduces network and device load via data conditioning and reduction, and protocol-specific optimization.

                                        kepware optimizes communications and reduces network and device load via data conditioning and reduction, and protocol-specific optimization.
                                    







                                            connectivity
                                        






kepware drivers support a broad range of protocols found in various verticals, wired and wireless networks, databases, custom software applications, and opc servers.

                                        kepware drivers support a broad range of protocols found in various verticals, wired and wireless networks, databases, custom software applications, and opc servers.
                                    







                                            aggregation
                                        






kepware simplifies connected application configuration by providing a single point of entry to all information—eliminating the need for multiple solutions for discrete connectivity.

                                        kepware simplifies connected application configuration by providing a single point of entry to all information—eliminating the need for multiple solutions for discrete connectivity.
                                    







                                            security
                                        






kepware offers tools to control user server access, data source, or data values, regulate read/write access, connect or disconnect client applications, and configure secure data tunnels.

                                        kepware offers tools to control user server access, data source, or data values, regulate read/write access, connect or disconnect client applications, and configure secure data tunnels.
                                    







                                            diagnostics
                                        






kepware isolates device and application communications for troubleshooting, offering opc diagnostics for real-time and historical views of opc events.

                                        kepware isolates device and application communications for troubleshooting, offering opc diagnostics for real-time and historical views of opc events.
                                    











                        kepware solutions
                    




learn more about our portfolio of industrial connectivity solutions that help connect diverse automation devices and software applications.















kepware+



kepware+ is an enterprise industrial connectivity solution for standardizing secure and seamless access to ot data at scale.





                                                                    learn more
                                                                












kepserverex



kepserverex is an industrial connectivity solution for accessing ot data from a small number of devices in microsoft windows-based environments. 





                                                                    learn more
                                                                












thingworx kepware edge



thingworx kepware edge allows the most valuable features of kepserverex to deploy in linux-based environments, enabling connectivity directly to the machine, device, or sensor.





                                                                    learn more
                                                                












linkmaster



linkmaster provides a means of linking data between opc da servers, thus serving as a universal bridge for opc systems.





                                                                    learn more
                                                                












redundancymaster



redundancymaster increases the reliability and availability of your opc da data by allowing multiple opc servers to be configured into redundant pairs.





                                                                    learn more
                                                                











discover what’s right for you

kepware offerings unlock access to ot data for projects or at enterprise scale. leverage the interactive tool below to discover which offering&mdash;kepware+ or kepserverex&mdash;makes sense for you.
start











                                            customer support: my kepware
                                        



access kepware’s customer self-service portal to: 

activate or transfer a license
determine upgrade eligibility
submit a support ticket or check the status of an open case
download purchased software







                                                    log in to the portal
                                                













kepware case studies


kepware software solutions are improving operational efficiency, reducing downtime, and increasing profitability for companies like yours. explore our industry-specific case studies to learn more. 



























                                        electrolux turns connected data into transformational insights
                                    


discover how this trusted appliance brand is using kepware to harness factory data and transform their business.


                                        read the full story
                                    








                                        abb: expanding connectivity with kepserverex
                                    


abb has harnessed the communications protocols offered by kepserverex to scale global operations with a single data set, reliable automation, and a single, consistent interface. 


                                        read the full story
                                    








                                        faurecia: improving traceability for top automotive customers
                                    


facing new traceability requirements across 330 sites throughout 34 countries, leading automotive equipment supplier faurecia standardized on kepware solutions across the entire organization. 


                                        read the full story
                                    








                                        teel plastics: tackling manual processes by capitalizing on the iot 
                                    


recognizing the need for connectivity, data access, and scalability, teel plastics chose kepserverex for their iot effort and increased output by streamlining processes to a one click of a button. 


                                        read the full story
                                    










frequently asked questions 



what is the price of kepware?

there is no specific line item or cost associated with kepserverex when making a purchase. kepserverex is sold “à la carte” based on the different drivers and advanced plug-ins needed to establish the desired communications—these are what determine the price. for more info on pricing, explore the kepware product store.




are kepware products sold with tag or device limits?

many of our products are sold with no limit. however, there are a handful of products sold on a tiered basis relating to device or tag count.



where can i access guides to kepware products? 

visit our resource library, a complete repository of application notes, connectivity guides, installation guides, easy guides, and technical notes.




can i try kepware products before i buy them? 

absolutely. to download a demo license, visit the product page of the kepware product you would like to try, or contact us to speak with an industrial connectivity expert today. 




can i sign up for a kepware subscription plan?

definitely—existing ptc kepware customers and future customers alike are eligible to explore customized subscription plans that will include access to the following among many perks: 

seamless maintenance and security updates along with product upgrades 
reduction of the it and administrative burden with a single type of license environment to manage 
support and maintenance that is automatically bundled so you never have to worry about your product’s eligibility 
licensing that can be scaled up or down as needed, locking in long-term pricing benefits for your entire installation 


interested? find out how the subscription plan can up-level the benefits to your organization in our kepware enterprise licensing e-book. 




i'm located outside of north america. what kepware resources are available to me?

kepware offers an extensive, worldwide distribution channel for purchasing our software solutions outside of north america. all of kepware's connected distributors are formally contracted and thoroughly trained on our portfolio of software products. working with a preferred distributor ensures you will have access to local pre-sales support, training, and technical support in your language and time zone. please consider working with a preferred distributor to receive the ideal purchasing experience.
















                                        speak with an industrial connectivity expert
                                    


contact us to discuss how kepware can help address your most urgent industrial connectivity needs. fill out the form to get in touch.






                                            contact us
                                        
















                                                how can we help you?
                                            





support portal





contact an expert





training and skills





join the ptc community







                                        explore ptc
                                    



about ptc


products


ptc university


careers


leadership





                                                        investor relations
                                                    



                                                        news
                                                    



                                                        partners
                                                    



                                                        events
                                                    



                                                        global locations
                                                    



















© copyright 2025 ptc



                                                        legal
                                                    



                                                        trust center
                                                    



                                                        privacy policy
                                                    

cookies settings
















