  sanborn tube & fab - laser tube cutting and fabrication     
skip to content

262-746-1200iso 9001:2015

 let's talk 262-746-1200first name*last name*company*email address*
phonecommentsphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  










  



what we dowho we arecareersrequest a quoteblogcontact us



what we dowho we arecareersrequest a quoteblogcontact us





 request a quotefirst name*last name*company*email address*
phonecommentsupload file(s)
drop files here or 
select filesaccepted file types: doc, docx, pdf, max. file size: 20 mb, max. files: 4.allowed file extensions: doc, docx, pdfemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  











  unmatched service, unrivaled satisfactionit’s how we’ve always treated our customers!tubing, aluminum extrusions and fabricated partslaser, lathe, saw cutting, fabricated partssince 1957, sanborn tube sales, inc., a division of russel metalswilliams bahcall, has provided supply chain solutions to oems,fabricator top 40 and medium to small manufacturing companies.we specialize in tubular fabricated parts focusing on first operationtube cutting and tube laser parts through assemblies complete to print,cut, laser, bend, weld, machine and finish.quick quotesshort lead timesjit manufacturingcomplete part-to-print solutions

let's talk
what you can expectsince 1957 sanborn tube sales, inc has provided supply chain solutions to oems, fabricators top 40, and medium to small manufacturing companies.we operate as distributor, fabricator, and mill representative providing the best supply chain solutions to our customers.jit and lean manufacturing regionally and nationallynew 72,000 sq. ft facility in pewaukee, wicarbon, stainless, aluminum, and copper and brass tubingcustom aluminum extrusionsvalue added services

meet our team
what we do
laser, lathe, saw cuttingsanborn has the ability to laser cut, lathe cut, cold saw cut, and band saw cut carbon steel, stainless steel, and aluminum (tubing and custom extrusions) as well as copper and brass tubing. 
fabricated parts complete to printsanborn tube and fab has developed a network of fabrication partners to complement our internal capabilities. this allows us to provide part complete to print solutions to our customers.
materialssanborn deals in carbon, stainless steel, aluminum, and copper and brass tubing as well as custom aluminum extrusions.

see everything we do

industries served
ag/construction/heavy equipment
recreational products
turfcare
food service
hydraulic fluid line tube
office & ed-space furniture
power generation
medical equipment
new 72,000 square foot facilityour new 72,000 sq. ft facility provides the capacity for quick turn orders and the space to provide jit inventory programs. whether your requirements start as raw material or finish as a completed part to print, we operate with a sense of urgency.

material details



download application


apply now


 join our teamupload your application or resume and cover lettername(required)


first



last
email(required)
phone(required)commentsupload file(s)
drop files here or 
select filesaccepted file types: pdf, max. file size: 20 mb, max. files: 2.  











  
sanborn tube
n28 w24402 watertown rd, pewaukee, wi 53072262-746-1200iso 9001:2015



what we dowho we arecareersrequest a quoteblogcontact us



what we dowho we arecareersrequest a quoteblogcontact us© 2025 sanborn tube all rights reserved.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
scroll to top                                         

