         
	capmetro | austin and central texas' public transit agency
                  

phone

instagram

youtube

twitter

facebook

blog














 

skip to main content

 




the capmetro app is being replaced on march 1 | start using the new umo app to pay for rides and enjoy daily and monthly fare capping. download umo  & create an account!




 







toggle menu




plan your trip


rider's guide


fares and passes


help & contact







toggle search bar


search

search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.














   






















--days--hours--minutes--secondsleft to use your balance in the capmetro app
download the new umo payment app, update your  fare cards & more.see what you need to do











schedules & maps

find route maps, timetables, stops, stations and park & rides.
find a route






fares & passes

looking for the right fare that fits you?
view fare options






service alerts

check for detours, delays and closures.
find service alerts













customize your commute with transit we have partnered with  transit's app to provide real-time schedules to plan and track your  trip (with bikeshare too!). learn more & download  transit.







latest news







we are hiring

join our team and serve your community! explore our open positions and learn more more about these exciting opportunities.










spring service change

in the next few months, capmetro is introducing major changes to our service include 2 new rapid lines and a new pickup decker zone. get the details.










testing new rapid buses

training buses that are not in service are currently on the road. these buses are being tested for the two new rapid lines being introduced this spring.










try capmetro bikeshare now

we have started rolling out brand new, electric assist bikes and stations. get the app and check our open stations.










your weekend plans are sorted

check out the places you can go with family and friends on capmetro in our guide!










our transit store moved

the new location opened on january 22 at 1705 guadalupe st. get all the information.







 





capmetro access







performance







safety











about capmetro


fast facts


leadership


financial transparency & info


diversity


media center


privacy policy, legal notices & info


careers with capmetro


become a driver


title vi


rules of conduct and safety




public safety program


transit police


community intervention specialists












business with capmetro


advertise with us


capmetro for business, higher education and government


business solutions


vendor guide


purchasing and procurement


unsolicited proposal program


disadvantaged business enterprise (dbe)


rail right-of-way












public involvement


board meetings


community engagement


customer advisory committees




planning and development


standards and guidelines


service changes


equitable transit-oriented development (etod)


major projects


metrolabs


sustainability


transit plan 2035


project connect




























© copyright 2012 - 2025 capital metropolitan transportation authority
    




  

  
