




			math and reading help - homework help, tutoring and parenting advice
			
		






































home


homework help


tutoring


free games


article directory


blog


february 16, 2025















1
2
3
4
5
6



help your student achieve 

			search by subject and grade level to find the resources your student needs: worksheets, homework help, games and more!
		


— subject type
 foreign language
 math
 reading and writing
 science
 social studies


— grade level
pre-kindergarten
elementary (k-5)
middle school (6-8)
high school (9-12)









free math and reading games




the typing of the ghosts

			this game dares you to type the words written on the ghosts as fast as you can.
		



hangman

			a non-violent version of the traditional hangman, this game still allows you to guess the hidden word, one letter a time.
		



typing monster

			defeat the monster by typing the correct words as fast as possible!
		





arithmetic

			choose the right numbers from the grid to get the highest score in this fun math game.
		



greater than sudoku

			use the mathematical hints provided to solve this variation on the popular number puzzle.
		



cat dog cat dog cat

			move the cats and dogs into the right pattern as fast as you can for the high score.
		

view all free games

top math and reading help headlines

tips for first-time art museum visitors (and their parents)

					art museums, with their valuable paintings and quiet rooms, can seem like daunting places for a family field trip. yet both young and old children can greatly benefit from visiting a local museum. with effective planning, you can make a field trip to your local museum an enlightening and exciting adventure that introduces your child to a lifelong appreciation of art.
				


wash away your moving blues

					are you bummed out because you have to move and  you're worried about changing schools?  read on to learn how you can wash away your moving blues!
				


when should parents opt out of their child's curriculum?

					once upon a time, schoolchildren went to class no matter what was being taught. nowadays, however, parents in many states have the right to take their children out of classes that address what they might feel are 'objectionable' topics. so when is it okay to opt out of a child's curriculum?
				



get homework help

check out our homework help resources to find worksheets, practice tests and tutorials to help your student succeed.


free educational games

who says learning can't be fun? these educational games make study time feel like play time.
		


find a tutor

set your student up for success! find a tutor in your area (or online) who can help your student achieve. 





current top articles
recent
popular








the shortest day: learning about the winter solstice


reading comprehension assistance and help


help with root words: how to identify root words


10 ways parents can supplement their children's learning at home




ny ged: earn your ged in new york


ged san diego: earning a ged in san diego, ca


free games for kids: fun games that help kids to learn





 fido as teacher:  how pets teach responsibility
 getting prepared for homeschooling
 math games--searching for a good time
 middle school concepts: eighth grade reading
 get an early start on preparing for college
 making the most of reading to or with your children: part 2--preschool
 creating a positive home learning environment


 homework helper for grade 2 math
 high school science lab reports: mastering the scientific method
 how to improve your child's attitude toward learning
 the importance of a high school diploma
 the values of an allowance
 how well does the teacher teach?
 how confidence can affect children's performances in school




 
				middle school reading: improving your seventh and eighth grader's reading comprehension
			
 
				math games for 9 year olds
			
 
				probability math problems
			
 
				math long multiplication help
			
 
				heat days force school schedule changes
			
 
				elementary reading series
			
 
				5th grade reading list
			


 
				home study ged: ways to earn your ged at home
			
 
				hands on reading activities for 5th grade
			
 
				9th grade math practice
			
 
				free 4th grade math word problems
			
 
				3rd grade math perimeter problems
			
 
				could higher pay for teachers be bad for your childs education
			








read our blog


how to teach your kids to use the internet responsibly
a question for parents: would you allow your children to play outside without keeping an eye on them? many would likely say no. well, the...
				
			

how to talk to your kids about bullying
if you have a child in elementary, middle or high school, then you've likely heard plenty of stories about bullying. even if your child...
				
			

how to prepare your kids for starting a new grade level


how to help your kids discover their interest and future careers


10 summer educational trips you should take your kids on


10 educational rewards for your children


5 ways to continue your child's education during the summer


should parents give their preschoolers homework?


when should parents opt out of their child's curriculum?


how to help your child read above their grade-level



want to help your child learn?


















quick links

about us
contact us
privacy policy
resource directory




copyright

			
				
				© 2003 - 2025 all other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their
				respective owners. all rights reserved.
			
		





