








leavenworth vacation rental | all seasons river inn suites | waterfront cabin













































skip to content








 


search for:








lodgingpoliciespet-friendly 








reservationsdirectionscontact 


search for:








lodgingpoliciespet-friendly 








reservationsdirectionscontactlodgingpoliciespet-friendly 








reservationsdirectionscontact 










search for:















 





 


 


 





 




welcomechristine gustafson2025-01-31t11:04:46-08:00

leavenworth riverfront vacation rentalleavenworth washington’s all seasons river inn brings an inspiring, innovative new idea in the vacation rental experience that you’re sure to love!
the all seasons river inn, overlooking the wenatchee river, features seven very beautifully and uniquely designed suites that can be booked individually, or together as a block. each suite is named after a well-known river, and follows the theme of that location in its design and decor.
all seasons river inn now features an ev charging station – at no cost for guests.
the all seasons river inn is located one mile from downtown where there is a plethora of shops, fine dining, and many restaurant options. when you are ready to visit downtown, a parking spot is offered free of charge at the obertal inn – based on space availability until 6pm.
check in at the obertal inn between 4:00pm and 9:00pm
check availability & book a room at all seasons river inn
what our guests say!
“clean and quiet property.” – martin-moscow, id oct 2018
“thank you ,very confortable we enjoyed it” – josé-everett, wa dec 2018
“peaceful and well appointed.” – cassandra-connell, wa sept 2018
“warm, cozy, beautiful” – erin-portland, or jan 2019




 
 





leavenworth vacation homes 8751 icicle road
leavenworth wa 98826
509-509-0678
hello@allseasonsriverinn.com

 

sign up for specials and events. 

 

who we are all seasons river inn is situated above the wenatchee river and a mile from downtown and has been operating as an inn for over 20 years. it recently changed ownership in 2025, and we hope to bring you amazing experiences in leavenworth.

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design & photography: innlight marketing | dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



























































































go to top






