







travis lusk













































        
          
            travis lusk
          
        
      




















































        ebiquity
      

        voiceover
      

        travislusk.eth
      



              adlingo
            



























































































ebiquityvoiceovertravislusk.eth





                
                  
                    travis lusk
                  
                
              




adlingo









scroll






  

about memedia nerd.just the right level of nerd to bring your digital and advanced media goals to life. helping fortune 100 brands around the globe.

 


    learn more
  

  




 











me
travis is a marketing and media management consultant for fortune 100 brands around the globe. as the head of digital media at ebiquity, north america, he is the lead digital media subject matter expert for the company in the region. travis helps brands make better use of their marketing technology including in-housing, platform license ownership, performance analysis, agency relationship strategy, and brand governance.learn more



 




 

newsletter



travis also publishes the adlingo newsletter with insights, best practices, and learnings from the digital marketing world. subscribe (free) below.




    preview
  

 

18+years of experiencein the media and entertainment business including content creation, paid media, digital, television, and radio.

 

$9b+budgets impacted annuallyacross clients, billions of dollars, euros, and pounds in media spend impacted.

  

63+major brands consultedworked with over 63 global and local brands to improve business outcomes through proper technology, strategy, people, and process management.

 




 

experience



ebiquity - group director, north americacurrently, leading ebiquity north america’s digital media consultancy. showing the world’s top brands how to use technology to engage with customers through the entire journey from awareness, to acquisition, to retention. consulting with brands on all aspects of their advertising technology platforms including vendor selection, implementation strategy, training, best practices, and performance optimization. owns the primary relationship with all global brands based in north america, serving 70 of the world’s top 100 advertisers.




    learn more
  

 

integral ad science (ias) - vice presidentglobal commercial ownership of ias activation business which ties media exposure data to the actual campaign outcomes brands care most about including causal conversions, brand lift, and offline sales. passionate public speaker and storyteller using the power of scaled data, quantifiable outcomes, and actionable insights.sorenson media - vice presidentoverall management of the spark product line providing advanced analytics and addressable advertising capabilities to local broadcast television stations. including sales, customer success, business development, and product requirements gathering.



collective media - vice presidentoverall responsibility for collective's products, inventory, partnership strategy, and execution. lead a team of inventory buying, monetization, and yield experts handling daily supply operations. manage exchange and programmatic supply and demand strategies, platforms, and vendors.cbs broadcastingmanaged staff of digital media producers, including all aspects of cbs local's digital footprint in new york city. produced multiple #1 podcasts on itunes.

 









introduction



what we do



our impact



our programs










© 2001-2024 travis lusknew york, nycary, nccontact@travislusk.com



infolinkedinfiverradlingo



actionsubscribecontact




    subscribe to adlingo
  















































new york, ny,
usa















