
















emes ve-emunah








































































emes ve-emunah



a forum for orthodox jewish thought on halacha, hashkafa, and the issues of our time.

























































































friday, february 14, 2025








are centrists all that different from the right?





rabbi david bashevkin’s essay last year about the controversy over torah u’mada has reappeared this year. this got me thinking about whether it was worth revisiting the issue. have there been any changes in attitude between centrists and the right on this matter?torah u’mada, in the broadest sense of the term, is the underlying hashkafa of centrist orthodoxy. in that sense, a centrist is someone who values mada (secular studies and secular culture). however, there are major differences even among centrists in how they apply value to it.there is the hirschian torah im derech eretz (tide) model, which sees value only in those studies and aspects of culture that enhance our belief in god, deepen our understanding of torah, or enable us to make a living. this utilitarian view dismisses parts of mada that do not fall into those categories.the torah u’mada (tum) model, on the other hand, sees value in mada for its own sake, considering the study of all of god’s creation to be inherently valuable, irrespective of whether they conform to the conditions of tide. the cultural side of tum is more complicated, but essentially - as long as there is no contradiction with halacha or with jewish
values, there is nothing wrong with participating in the culture as a means of relaxation.back in the mid 80s, rabbi norman lamm, then president of yeshiva university (yu) decided that yu’s motto of tum needed to be better defined. that the idea of having a yeshiva and a university in the same building or campus was not enough. this led to his tum project and later to his classic work on the subject. in that work, he proposed several models of what tum represents. yu was never accepted by the right. although it was never banned as heretical or considered outside the pale of orthodoxy, the idea of a yeshiva college was seen as ‘krum’ - a distorted view of judaism. to the right, only torah study was to be pursued. in more extreme right-wing circles, attending college was considered outright forbidden. in less extreme right-wing circles, mada was seen at best as a necessary evil for parnassah (livelihood) purposes, which should otherwise be avoided. no self-respecting right-wing yeshiva would ever include a college curriculum as part of its program.rabbi bashevkin then notes the following:on chol hamoed pesach 1988, rav mordechai gifter, rosh yeshiva of telshe, lambasted rabbi lamm and yeshiva university after a new york times article entitled “jewish moderate urges believers to take a stand” covered rabbi lamm’s ideology. rabbi gifter took particular issue with how the article described rabbi lamm’s differences from the more right-wing yeshiva community:“but unlike what he called the right wing,” the article reports, “dr. lamm said the centrist group is open to secular culture…”rabbi gifter’s biting response to rabbi lamm became known in yeshiva lore as “gifter shechts lamm for pesach.”as rabbi lamm’s audience grew, so did the platform of his critics, most notably the jewish observer, the official monthly magazine of agudath israel of america.rabbi lamm delivered his message to the fifth avenue synagogue, contrasting his moderate centrist orthodoxy with ultra-orthodoxy. he criticized their triumphalism, which he argued was based strictly on their numbers, and stated that they had set the agenda for too long. he added that it was time for centrist jews to assert themselves.after additional criticism in the jewish observer by rabbi aaron twerski, rabbi lamm  responded with a bit of contrition, hoping that we could all agree to disagree in the spirit of elu v’elu (although he didn’t use that phrase, i believe that is what he meant).this chapter in the history of orthodoxy in america is a very sad one. i see no need for the right to have such utter disdain for centrism. at the end of the day, we both believe the same fundamental things. we both believe in god and in his word as recorded in the torah. we both study torah in the same way. we both believe that there is value in torah study for its own sake. we both believe in the meticulous observance of mitzvos. even our lifestyles are not all that different, we daven in the same shuls and send our children to yeshivos that teach the same torah all the way through high school and beyond.the only difference is that centrists include mada in their lives and have a positive view of it, while the right tries not to include it. seeing it as either unnecessary or, at best, a necessary evil to be avoided if possible.it's just a shame that these two worlds can’t look at the vast similarities between us instead of looking at the minute and insignificant differences. because at the end of the day, we are all the same.





posted by



harry maryles




at

10:26 am































thursday, february 13, 2025








expressing justifiable outrage the wrong way





scarlett johanssoni don’t know why kanye west harbors such hatred toward
jewish people. i cannot imagine what must have happened to him to make such
an antisemite.but there is no doubt that he has an extreme hatred of us. and he proved it again last sunday. he
has called himself a nazi, expressed love for hitler, and sells t-shirts with
swastikas on his website. a website for which he even placed an ad during the
super bowl. the fact that he has millions of followers demonstrates how much
influence he wields.
however, my primary concern is not so much his antisemitic
influence. even though it may be considerable. that can be countered with common sense; the fact that the vast majority of americans reject his views entirely, and the response from all the entities that severed ties with him. my concern lies
with a highly publicized video response featuring several jewish celebrities
wearing t-shirts displaying an obscene gesture while making that gesture
themselves. i understand the outrage. but i am appalled
that it took such an obscene form.
the jewish people need not stoop to vulgar responses to
express our feelings. we are better than that. there are more dignified ways to
express our outrage without dishonoring ourselves in the process.
except that this reaction never actually happened.
it was generated by ai (artificial intelligence), which
manipulated images of these celebrities to make it appear as though they were
wearing these t-shirts and making the same obscene gesture.
while i understand and appreciate the sentiment behind the
outrage that these images projected, i am relieved that they were not real. i
think scarlett johansson captured the issue best when she stated:
“it has been brought to my attention by family members and
friends that an ai-generated video featuring my likeness, in response to an
antisemitic view, has been circulating online and gaining traction.
i am a jewish woman who has no tolerance for antisemitism or
hate speech of any kind. but i also firmly believe that the potential for hate
speech multiplied by ai is a far greater threat than any one person who takes
accountability for it. we must call out the misuse of ai, no matter its
messaging, or we risk losing a hold on reality.”
the idea that ai can create fake videos that are
indistinguishable from reality is not new. but for the first time, it has been
used to promote an idea based on a lie - even if the message itself was
well-intentioned. lying as a means of gaining support can have destructive side
effects. in this case, it created false images of people making obscene
gestures. if i were a celebrity and someone included a fake image of me doing
that, i would be livid.
that being said, i do not support imposing excessive limits
on freedom of expression, as it could infringe on first amendment rights.
however, as supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes said in the 1919
schenck v. united states decision, “shouting ‘fire!’ in a crowded theater is
not protected free speech.”
the remedy for the misuse of ai in this way seems rather
simple: fake videos that have the potential to cause harm - whether to
individuals or groups - should be illegal and subject to severe penalties.
if laws against this kind of ai deception do not already
exist, they should. and congress must act in a bipartisan manner to address
this issue immediately.





posted by



harry maryles




at

10:06 am































wednesday, february 12, 2025








religious schools as government funded charter schools





the supreme court (jta)at the founding of this great nation, thomas jefferson insisted that freedom of religion be an integral part of its ethos. this principle was put into writing in the first amendment to the constitution, the pertinent part of which reads:congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof…if i understand correctly, the united states thus became the first nation to not have an official religion. we are a secular nation that allows all citizens the freedom to pray in any manner we choose and guarantees that freedom in the constitution.there are two parts to this simple amendment: the establishment clause and the free exercise clause. the establishment clause has been interpreted to mean that there can be no government participation in any religious function. doing so has been seen as a violation of that clause. this interpretation has come to be known as the separation of church and state.however, a careful reading of the first amendment shows that it says no such thing. participation is not the same as establishing a religion. nevertheless, this has been the way the amendment has been applied in numerous legal challenges. many religious parents who wanted to pass their values on to their children through teachings available only in privately funded religious schools were deprived of the financial benefits given to secular parents in government-funded public schools. they argued that this was, in fact, a discriminatory practice by the government against religious people and an impediment to the free exercise clause.i have always argued that at least the core secular curriculum of parochial schools should be publicly funded, no different than public schools. essentially, the government would be paying all teachers for teaching the same subjects, whether in public or parochial schools. i categorically reject the argument that religion would somehow creep into the secular classrooms of parochial schools. if the same teachers who teach those subjects in public schools also teach them in parochial schools, how is religion creeping in? many religious schools already use non-jewish teachers to teach those subjects, even in charedi schools—at least those that haven’t abandoned a secular studies curriculum.but what has happened recently seems to be a reconsideration of the notion of complete church-state separation, apparently interpreting it as i do: that participation does not mean establishing religion.according to jta:after oklahoma approved a request by the catholic church to open a charter school in 2023, lawsuits quickly followed. courts at both the state and federal levels ruled against the church, finding that a publicly funded school promoting religion would be unconstitutional.now, the u.s. supreme court has taken up the case, signaling that the justices are willing to consider overturning a longstanding legal precedent protecting the separation of church and state. if the court allows st. isidore of seville catholic virtual school to become the first government-funded religious school in the country, the consequences for religious education—including for jewish schools—could be far-reaching.you betcha! i would love to see this radical change in government funding for education. it would mean a far more equitable distribution of funds per family. instead of limiting financial support to parents who send their children to public schools, all parents would get a slice of the pie. there is no reason a religious parent should be denied those funds simply because they want to ensure the transmission of their religious values to their children. no single religion would benefit alone—all religions would.imagine what it would be like for orthodox jewish parents if their children’s education were paid for by the government, just like everyone else’s.as radical as this change might seem based on the history of the court’s decisions on church-state issues, the supreme court of today has a supermajority of conservative justices who have paid much more attention to the rights of religious people than the liberal justices of the past, who dominated the court for decades and often treated religious values as if they were immoral.are there concerns? sure. for example, i’m not so crazy about the possibility of including schools that teach radical islam.there is also the problem of requiring schools to accept anyone who wishes to enroll their child—regardless of their religion.but i think a responsible way can be worked out to decide which schools would be eligible and which wouldn’t, and who could attend and who couldn’t.i don’t know how the supreme court will rule here, but if they find in favor of allowing religious schools to be charter schools, that would be a major game changer.





posted by



harry maryles




at

11:28 am































tuesday, february 11, 2025








hostages now - gaza later





3 hostages - after captivity and before (vin)one of the things i learned from experts about the nature of torture is that even in its most extreme form, people can often withstand it in order not to betray a cause they believe in. however, when they are relieved of the torture for a period and then it is suddenly reapplied, they often break.it appears that the hamas-supporting palestinian refugees in gaza may soon be subject to that very outcome. an outcome that president trump all but promised them if hamas does not release all the hostages by noon on shabbos. that promise came after trump saw the condition of the latest jewish hostages released by hamas. they looked like they had just been liberated from auschwitz. as reported by vin:the london-based daily mail has revealed shocking new details about the brutal torture inflicted by hamas on the hostages who were released on saturday after nearly 500 days of captivity. the terrorists tortured them mercilessly, keeping them in such inhumane conditions that they had to relearn how to walk before their release.the captors hung them by their legs, tied them up with ropes, gagged them, and pressed burning objects against their bodies. the hostages were deliberately starved, confined in tiny tunnel chambers where they could neither move nor stand, and struggled to breathe. after days without food or water, they were given rotten pita bread, which they were forced to share with other hostages."they treated us like animals," said one of the released captives.none of this is surprising coming from a group that committed the atrocities of october 7th. but it is still shocking to see what these hostages looked like and to hear what they endured.now, hamas has threatened to stop releasing hostages altogether, claiming that israel has not lived up to its end of the ceasefire agreement.the president has had enough. he gave hamas an ultimatum. release all the hostages at once (by shabbos). no more drips and drabs. no more one or two hostages at a time over a prolonged period. not after what he witnessed. if they do not comply, then the hell he promised before the election will begin.when asked by a reporter what that would entail, he answered, ‘you’ll find out.  and so will they.’i have no clue what that might be. but i can speculate. the israeli prime minister has ordered the idf to prepare to resume fighting in gaza. the palestinians, who have had a couple of weeks of respite from nearly 500 days of suffering they endured because of what their beloved hamas leadership did to the jewish people on that october day, will now see that suffering return. only this time, with the full blessing of the leader of the free world—our commander-in-chief, the president of the united states. and israel will have the formerly withheld 2,000-lb bombs to do it with.i don’t know if this is the ‘hell’ trump was referring to. but it’s as good a guess as any.what about the increased number of ‘innocent’ palestinian civilians who will surely be killed? hamas will love that as a great propaganda tool. and many palestinians have, in any case, declared that they prefer dying in palestine rather than living anywhere else. i think israel can accommodate them with the official blessing of the united states!the world will scream? leftist progressives will go apoplectic? who cares! we finally have a president who truly cares about the jewish people and the state of israel unequivocally.anyone trying to argue otherwise will surely have a hard time explaining this latest development. i could not be more pleased with the commitment that president trump has made. now, about the other big shift in u.s. policy concerning the arab world:the president isn’t really concerned about what arab nations think about his plan to develop gaza into the riviera of the middle east. he sees prime real estate; he wants to own it and develop it. his proposal to transfer all gaza refugees out of the hellhole that is gaza into jordan and egypt, two of israel’s neighboring countries, was rejected by all involved.as noted, palestinians would rather live in squalor in palestine (of which gaza is a part) than in luxury in either of those two countries. and both egypt and jordan have turned down the president’s request, citing security concerns.i wonder what they mean by that? (not really. we all know what their beloved leadership is capable of.)trump has threatened to cut off all u.s. foreign aid to those countries. aid that is substantial. will they risk it? or will they comply? depends on how badly they want that aid to continue, i suppose.what about the aforementioned security concerns? i’m sure both the kingdom of jordan and the egyptian dictatorship have their own ways of dealing with that.all that being said, i can’t predict the future and don’t know how any of this will unfold.my hope is that trump’s threat will bring those hostages home by shabbos. maybe the gaza refugees don’t want torture 2.0 after finally experiencing relief from torture 1.0. maybe hamas will somehow realize that this is a no-win situation and won’t fight to the death for nothing.i surely prefer that to israel reinvading gaza, even if they do so mostly by air and more ferociously than before.as for gaza turning into a playground for the wealthy? that is certainly preferable to a nation filled with people who believe massacring jews is the best way to serve god.will it happen? again - who knows. one thing seems certain, though: whatever the future holds for the people of gaza, it cannot involve hamas or any other jihadist group. even the antisemitic leaders of europe seem to acknowledge that.but more importantly, as far as the u.s. is concerned, that is a non-negotiable condition for any future political structure in gaza.which is why i have been saying ever since trump 1.0 that despite all of his many serious flaws (which i have discussed many times) trump has been the greatest friend of israel and the jewish people in u.s. history. and now, that is more evident than ever.





posted by



harry maryles




at

9:43 am































monday, february 10, 2025








why are they silent?





there is a reason lakewood is called the city of
torah. deservedly so. lakewood, new jersey, is home to the largest and most
prestigious yeshiva in the western hemisphere. the amount and depth of torah
study that takes place there is by far greater than in any other city in the
u.s. add to that the many other yeshivas that have opened there since bmg’s
founding by rav aharon kotler, and multiply that by the exponential growth of
orthodox (mostly charedi) families now living there. it’s easy to see why lakewood
has earned its title.
being a city of torah is not only about torah study; it is
also about living the values of the torah. in this, too, the city excels. there
is an aura of chesed that pervades the community. it is an atmosphere even noticed by the
new york times, a newspaper not particularly friendly to orthodox jewry.
they ran a feature story about the generosity of individuals in the community,
noting how charitable they are despite often having modest incomes. a generosity largely due to their meticulous observance of maaser kesafim - tithing
their discretionary income. they are also generous with their time and deeply
committed to helping their fellow jews.
while there are still communal controversies that
arise - such as the plague of exclusivity in schools or
the so-called shidduch crisis, these problems are not due to
malfeasance. they are systemic flaws in an otherwise beautiful way of life - if
serving god is one's primary concern.
however, certain individuals’ behavior gives lakewood a bad
name. it’s true that the vast majority of lakewood cannot be blamed for the sins of a few bad
apples. but, unfortunately, there appear to be more bad apples than one might
expect in a community that places such a high value on serving god. a culture
of fraud has developed, where a few heimishe jews take advantage of the truly
good people of lakewood who by nature trust heimishe jews. to the uninitiated, a  heimishe jew is someone raised with the same religious jewish values as their friends and neighbors. someone you would find comfortable inviting into your home or being invited into theirs. someone who s instinctively trusted. they probably daven in the same shul, send their children to the same schools, and actively participate in religious community projects, often donating their time and money generously.heimishe entrepreneurs will use that identity to attract heimishe investors. some of whom might invest their life savings, hoping to secure an eventual retirement nest egg. but in many cases the money taken is not invested and used to further a lavish lifestyle. when the scam gets discovered the investors find they have lost all  their money. and there seems to be a lot more of this type of thing going on than ever before.
this phenomenon was described in some detail by the real deal from which the following excerpt was taken :
in recent months, lakewood investors aron puretz and his
son, eli, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud;
both received prison sentences. fannie mae put lakewood-based title insurers
riverside abstract and madison title on its blacklist. a sprawling
investigation by the department of justice and the federal housing and finance
agency into commercial mortgage fraud has touched the core of lakewood…
a nursing home executive filed a lawsuit against mark
nussbaum, a real estate attorney used by many in the community. the plaintiff
sought to collect $15 million in escrow money. some of the allegedly missing
funds were linked to borough park real estate investor mendel steiner, who
owned at least 4,000 units nationwide. a day after the lawsuit was filed,
steiner took his own life. he was 33 years old. though steiner was from
brooklyn, his death unnerved lakewood in a way that even the federal investigations
and crackdowns had not.
i am not reporting this story to cast aspersions on the
charedim of lakewood. i am doing it to note my dismay at charedi
publications for not reporting a word of this. as far as the typical charedi reader is
concerned, fraud does not exist in the city of torah. the lakewood story never
happened. unless, of course, you were one of the duped investors.
some charedi publications have offered general warnings along
the lines of  let the buyer beware. readers were advised on how to avoid
being tricked into bad deals and warned not to trust someone juts because they are heimish. but the fraud that prompted those warnings was never
revealed. and there were apparently many more cases like it.
the question is: how can people who are otherwise exemplary
jews blatantly defraud others—often fellow religious jews out of their life savings? what
kind of monster does that? and why are there so many of them? what exactly was
missing from their chinuch? is it just a matter of greed? is it about keeping up with the wealthier katzes and cohens? are some
people so enamored with wealth that they are willing to cheat the poor to live
the good life?
i don’t know. but if any communal blame is to be assigned,
it must be directed at the charedi media for refusing to publish these stories. i suppose they do it to protect the reputation of the city of torah. they may
also feel that revealing these stories serves no constructive
purpose.
but by keeping things quiet and using vague warnings about bad investments will not register with the community as well as an expose of  that particular malaise would.  naming the guilty party will help enlighten people to not assume all heimishe people can be trusted.
there is no clearer way to demonstrate these dangers exposing the people who betrayed the trust of innocent investors. if charedi publications truly want to prevent fraud from
harming innocent people again, they must stop protecting the guilty and start
thinking about preventing  fraud in the future. that cannot be done by hiding the truth,





posted by



harry maryles




at

10:26 am































sunday, february 09, 2025








empathy is good. but not enough





rav asher weiss - what does he really believe?sometimes, outrage can be misplaced. at least on a wholesale level. the charedi world is not as callous as one might think about what their non charedi counterparts are going through right now as a result of the war. but that needs to be explained.the biggest issue confronting israel right now (outside of issues relating to palestinians) is the clash between charedim and the rest of israel. mostly centering on the charedi refusal to serve in the idf in any capacity. this issue has been festering ever since the state of israel was founded.it seemed to have been settled at the time of israel’s founding by an agreement between the chazon ish, the de facto leader of the charedi world, and david ben gurion, israel’s founding prime minister. they agreed that charedim who studied full-time in yeshivas would be exempt from military service. at the time, this exemption applied to only a few hundred people. ben gurion felt that this compromise was necessary for the sake of an all-inclusive jewish state that would not be plagued by internal factionalism. a few hundred exemptions would not make or break the idf. he likely believed that the charedi community would eventually disappear, to be replaced by the ‘new israeli’ - the soldier-citizen of the world in a nation like any other, rather than the bookish yeshiva type weakling, long victimized by centuries of persecution.had ben gurion known that the exact opposite would happen, he may never have made that deal.the proportion of charedim in israel continues to grow, and at some point, they may overtake the secular population. currently, however, charedim make up 17% of israel’s jewish population, meaning that 83% of the population resents their refusal to share in the burden of defending the country. this burden has become uniquely difficult since the hamas massacre of october 7, 2023. difficult is, in fact, an understatement. since then, 83% of the population has been subjected to the horrors of war. either by directly serving in combat, facing death or serious injury, or by their families worrying about whether they will ever see their sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, sisters, and brothers alive again. worrying also about whether those that return will sustain serious, life-altering injuries.charedim, on the other hand, don’t have to worry about such things. their wholesale exemptions take care of all that for them. if i were a charedi mother, i would be beyond grateful for that good fortune. if i were a non-charedi mother, i cannot imagine being angrier at them for that.the question is, what kind of person feels no guilt about letting others suffer the dire consequences of obligations from which they are exempt? how can they say that studying torah is what really saves the country. and even that were true, it obviously does not involve the same level of sacrificewhat it does involve is the continuation of living their daily lives as though nothing is happening. their lives have not changed at all. yeshiva students still spend their days studying and return home to their families. their families continue doing the same things they did before the war - working, shopping, and having some leisure time in between. one would hardly know there was a war going on with significant jewish casualties.do they not care?rabbi yitzchok adlerstein had some interesting thoughts about this in a podcast. if he’s right, it is both good news and bad news at the same time. he said that the vast majority of the charedi world does care deeply about what the soldiers are going through. but caring and doing one’s part are two entirely different things. no matter how much one empathizes with the hostages, their families, and those who have suffered loss or permanent injury, that is an order of magnitude different from actively participating in the war effort. you simply cannot compare empathy with actual involvement.what was revealing to me was that, according to rabbi adlerstein, most charedim actually know this deep down. they realize that others are fighting and dying for them. perhaps some would even be willing to join the idf if their leadership permitted it.but that is where the problem lies. the majority of their leadership is firmly opposed to any charedim serving in the idf. for reasons that may (and i emphasize may) be valid in times of peace but certainly not in times of war. however, rabbi adlerstein made it clear that there are recognized charedi leaders who privately disagree and would encourage enlistment.but they won’t say so publicly.the reason is simple: the moment they publicly disagree with the most senior charedi leaders, they are no longer considered charedi leaders. they lose their stature, and their opinions cease to matter. they may as well be members of the radical left or religious zionists. whose views the charedi world considers wrong.on one level, it’s good to know that some recognized charedi leaders understand the enormity of this problem and have exactly the right attitude. on another level, it’s sad that airing their views publicly would disqualify them and render their opinions irrelevant. no card-carrying charedi would be able to keep that ‘card’ if they joined them.all of this makes it seem like the problem will never be rectified - that the system is built to perpetuate itself as it is.is it?





posted by



harry maryles




at

10:52 am































friday, february 07, 2025








trump's marshall plan





condemnation of trump's gaza proposal (nbc)now that the initial shock is over, perhaps we can take a closer look at what - on the surface - seems like a ridiculous idea.in what has to be the most radical departure from american foreign policy in my lifetime, president trump has proposed that the u.s. take control of gaza, which would be handed over by israel after gaza’s refugees are resettled in neighboring countries.going from the creation of a palestinian state (consisting of judea, samaria, and gaza) to what seems like a ben-gvir solution to the conflict is about as radical a departure from previous policy as one can get. it has drawn ridicule and condemnation from foreign leaders worldwide, including from the democratic side of the congressional political aisle.that was also reflected in the shock and thinly disguised horror expressed by mainstream media personalities and their so-called left-leaning or arabist experts they found. they expressed outrage at what some of them termed ethnic cleansing akin to what nazi germany did to the jews before implementing the final solution. in any case, just about all of them said that it would never be accepted. not by the refugees in question nor by any of the possible nations that could, in theory, take them in.republicans - even members of trump's own administration - were caught off guard and seemed just as shocked, although most of them put as positive a spin on it as possible.it is worthwhile to take a deeper dive into this out-of-the-box proposal to see what it is actually about and to analyze whether it is as horrific and unfeasible an idea as those reactions have indicated.as i understand the proposal, trump wants to transform gaza from a pile of rubble into the riviera of the middle east. however, contrary to what all the trump-hating cynics claim, he does not intend this to be a playground for the wealthy of the world. whether rich israelis, americans, or gulf state arabs. while one part of it will be like that (which would produce decent revenue for gaza), much of it will be developed for residential living, serving palestinians across a variety of income levels, from modest to wealthy. it will be a planned community specifically designed for palestinians, both culturally and religiously.when completed, it could serve as a model community for a future palestinian state (should they ever manage to stop trying to eradicate israel). in the meantime, palestinians would be housed in comfortable homes among their co-religionists in other countries for a few years. knowing that when gaza is fully revamped to its projected glory, they would live as well or better than their neighbors in other muslim countries.why not just let them live there and build around them? imagine a major remodel of your house while you’re living in it. a remodel that would require shutting off all utilities, with no working sewers. the logistics of rebuilding gaza with a million and a half people milling around with no water, no toilets, no heat, and no electricity would make it nigh impossible for construction to take place.to me this idea seems like the best possible solution for a people who have for decades lived in conditions that were less than fully hospitable. long before hamas caused their current catastrophe, turning barely livable conditions into an unlivable hellscape.by way of comparison, consider victims in this country who have lost their homes and neighborhoods due to natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, or fires. they have nowhere to go and cannot live in the rubble that was once their homes. imagine if fema told them they could move into comfortable homes in nearby towns until their homes and neighborhoods were restored - at levels far better than they were before their tragic losses.how many of them would turn that down? my guess is that all of them would embrace that generous offer immediately, with tremendous gratitude to their benefactors. the world would applaud the american government's amazing generosity toward its people.i see no practical difference between the two scenarios, and yet, this same offer has been vehemently rejected by palestinian refugees and condemned by the world. even though the alternative for now is to live in a virtual hell that is unsafe from debris and possible unexploded bombs scattered all across gaza. this is what they prefer over a most generous offer.what this proposal also amounts to is what israel’s intent was when it handed over gaza to the palestinians. the hope was that they would build the city into the kind of paradise similar to what trump now envisions. but they did not do that. hamas took over and, with the support of gaza’s palestinians, decided to build hundreds of miles of terror tunnels from which they would attack israel. that was their thank you for being handed self-determination in one city as a model for a future state.there was another strategy behind not building up gaza when they got it: they wanted to live in substandard conditions so that the world would see it and blame israel. just as they celebrated when ‘innocent’ palestinians were killed in airstrikes against hamas targets embedded in densely populated civilian areas. (many of whom were not civilians at all but hamas terrorists dressed in civilian clothing.)looked at this way, i don’t see how anyone can condemn this proposal. it is the most generous and humane option for gaza’s refugees that anyone could imagine. the world should be endorsing it and helping the u.s. implement it.to say it is implausible is one thing—and that may, in fact, be true. but it should not be condemned any more than the marshall plan to rebuild germany after the allies bombed major cities into the same kind of rubble that israel did to gaza.if this idea were supported by the rest of the civilized world as it should be, there is a chance that it could even be implemented. if world pressure were brought to bear who knows. but the world remains stubbornly married to the two-state solution. anything else is seen as a distraction.the history of arab hatred toward the jewish people, the entitlement to all of palestine that palestinians feel, their refusal to accept anything less than full victory, and the length they have and will go to  achieve it - are all fundamental truths that we must all realize. at least if we are ever going to find a solution that will achieve the desired end we all want: peace in the middle east.





posted by



harry maryles




at

9:51 am































thursday, february 06, 2025








the extent of palestinian hatred 





the war with hamas has revealed just how deep and widespread palestinian hatred of us is. in fact, i believe that their hatred of us surpasses their desire to have their own state.i was again reminded of this after hearing about an israeli journalist disguised as a palestinian journalist who went into a west bank town and randomly interviewed young people he encountered there. the question he asked was whether they would prefer a two-state solution: israel and the sovereign state of palestine. which would forever end hostilities. between them. every single young palestinian respondent said they would never accept a two-state solution. they all stated that palestine belongs to the palestinian people and that zionist jews don’t belong there.based on the shocking proposal made by the president yesterday about relocating gaza palestinians this was again made clear. when several palestinians in gaza were asked if - given the opportunity - they would be willing to live outside of gaza is peace and comfort instead of the hellscape that gaza has turned into.their answer was plain as day. it was not they felt they were being victims of ethnic cleansing, as i heard so much of the msm explaining it. what i heard gaza palestinians saying is the they will never leave palestine. palestine! not just gaza. palestine belongs to them.they would rather live in the hellscape of gaza than leave. they would even prefer dying there than living anywhere else. even if it was only for a couple of years until gaza was rebuilt. (the white house clarified yesterday that us ownership of gaza was only temporary until it finished developing it into the ‘riviera’ of the middle east. after that palestinians could move back in if they wanted.)then there was this. ywn reported the following horrific event that demonstrates their endless resolve to ge their land back. all of it.ttwo idf reserve soldiers were murdered and eight injured in
a severe and unusual terror attack at an idf checkpoint outside the palestinian
village of tayasir between the northern shomron and the jordan valley early
tuesday morning. this is how they are indoctrinated, and this is what they grow up believing. supporting a two-state solution with palestinians is completely absurd when dealing with a population that wants to eradicate our existence entirely. and willing to fight to the finish to achieve it. and these are west bank palestinians. not civilians of gaza being subjected to the consequences of hamas’s massacre of over a thousand jews on october 7th.which brings into question: how in heaven’s name has the u.s. government, over the course of several administrations (of both parties), supported the creation of a palestinian state along israel’s border on the west bank?i have always known that palestinians hated us. how could they not, having been indoctrinated from cradle to grave to see us as nazis. with books like hitler’s mein kampf and pamphlets like the protocols of the elders of zion found in bookstores wherever they live. i also knew that their hatred of us was religion-based and, therefore, hard - if not impossible to overcome. but what i also believed (a long time ago) was that common sense would push them to agree to a two-state solution anyway as a practical matter so that at least they wouldn’t have to be in a constant state of war and could instead live and prosper in their own land. trump’s proposal about giving livable habitats for a few years and ther letting them return to a better place than they lived in even before the war destroyed it should have been greeted with a sense of relief. they would not only have better homes and living conditions when they returned, but would be able to live in relative comfort until they did.i was obviously very wrong in my belief that a common sense would prevail. but i didn’t realize how wrong until now. the war and everything since has revealed the deep nature of their hatred, making a two-state solution impossible. unless they completely changed their educational structure with respect to the jewish people. and even if they did that today, it would take at least a couple of generations to erase that hatred and make a palestinian state possible.the people in the state department whose job it is to know these kinds of details were either clueless, indifferent, or misled by the ‘moderate’ palestinians of the pa, or muslim academics who easily pulled the wool over their eyes. whatever the case may be, the u.s. insistence on a two-state solution all the way through the biden presidency was misguided in the extreme. now more than ever. what israel should do with this knowledge is a mystery to me, but the one thing they must never do is agree to a palestinian state on the west bank. at least not in my lifetime or that of my children.another enlightening thing that became apparent to me was about hamas. it was revealed after the ceasefire. i have always known just how popular hamas was in gaza. a popularity that has increased since the war began, despite the tragedy hamas has brought upon gaza.through israel’s response to their massacre of israelis on october 7th.instead of blaming hamas for what has happened to them, they seem more committed to hamas than ever. young palestinians are more eager to join hamas now than before the war. hamas’s popularity does not end in gaza. they are just as popular among west bank palestinians. in an election against the palestinian authority, hamas would win in a landslide.although i knew this, and although i knew that hamas terrorists embedded themselves among the civilian population in gaza - especially in hospitals and schools - what i didn’t know was that a lot more of those so-called civilians were actually hamas terrorists than even israel thought. they just weren’t wearing their uniforms. they were wearing civilian clothing.this became evident during the recent hostage releases, where hamas terrorists in full uniform, masks in place, started streaming out of those civilian locations. which probably means that many more of the supposed civilians killed by israeli airstrikes were actually hamas terrorists.not that the antisemitic nations of the world that comprise the u.n. would acknowledge the obvious. they will side with the lies that make up the palestinian narrative every single time.all of that is why i am glad that the trump administration, which never had much use for the idea of a two-state solution, is now in power. the vast majority of his foreign policy team is on the right side of this issue and isn’t fooled by pro two-state solution rhetoric.that being said, there are a couple of lower-level foreign policy advisors who are not all that pro-israel. but i have confidence that the "big guns" like secretary of state marco rubio will have trump’s ear far more often than the lower-level unfriendly voices.i don’t know if the liberal side of the political aisle and their supporters in the media will ever see the truth about palestinians. they are all married to the notion of a two-state solution as the only way to achieve a peaceful resolution to the conflict and do not want to be confused by the facts. the political conservatives that now control foreign policy will not be there forever. but i hope that at least some of them are open-minded enough to see the truth.if enough of them are, then maybe progress toward israel making peace with all of its neighbors becomes a real possibility. where hamas and all jihadist groups will be defeated, educational reform will take hold, jew-hatred eliminated, and palestinians will be forced to accept self-determination the way it was presented by trump in his first term.one can dream…





posted by



harry maryles




at

10:10 am































wednesday, february 05, 2025








is trump good for the jews? 





in the category of trump’s support for israel and the jewish community, several things have recently happened. all of which should put to rest the dire predictions of those who thought trump would somehow turn on us. critics tried mightily to prove this by citing his appointments of individuals perceived as unfriendly to israel; dredging up past dog whistles to antisemites; and even pointing out his pre-election meetings with a couple of them. others have highlighted how upset trump was when netanyahu congratulated biden on his election victory while trump was still trying to prove he had won. some have pointed to the fact that netanyahu was forced to make concessions to hamas that he did not see in israel’s best interests.(if that was indeed the case, which is far from certain.)i admit to having been somewhat concerned by some of this. but in my heart, i believed that trump’s second term in office would be consistent with his first in both respects: support for, and even admiration of, the jewish state. (see video below) as well as his concern for the welfare of the jewish people.there are a few news items that put to rest any concerns i may have had (slight though they were).first, there is this report from vin:the u.s. department of education, under president donald trump’s administration, has opened bombshell investigations into five universities across the country for their alleged failure to combat on-campus antisemitism.this move signals a strong stance by the administration in holding universities accountable for addressing antisemitic incidents and ensuring safe environments for jewish students.today, education and workforce committee chairman tim walberg (r-mi) issued the following statement after the department of education announced investigations into antisemitism on college campuses:“for the past two years, our committee has uncovered an appalling amount of antisemitism taking place on college campuses. we’ve also heard heartbreaking testimony from jewish college students who were excited to attend their dream university, only to face threats and harassment from their own classmates and teachers. i’m glad that we finally have an administration taking action to protect jewish students and hold schools like columbia, northwestern, and uc berkeley accountable for their failures.”i could not be happier that trump is taking this to the next level - even though it was started by his predecessor. he could have let it die on the vine, let campus antisemitism fester, and blamed biden for not doing enough.then there is trump’s return to defunding unrwa and withdrawing from the un human rights council. could not be happier about that. here’s what politico had to say about it:“us president donald trump on monday afternoon will issue an executive order to withdraw the us from the united nations human rights council and end funding for unrwa, politico reported.according to a fact sheet obtained by politico, the human rights council ‘has not fulfilled its purpose and continues to be used as a protective body for countries committing horrific human rights violations.’ the sheet also condemned the council’s position on israel.under the executive order, us secretary of state marco rubio must review and report to the white house regarding any international organizations, treaties, or conventions that ‘promote radical or anti-american sentiment.’”“the u.s. has long accused the council of bias against israel and of giving cover to governments with human rights abuses.”and lets not forget trump’s foreign policy a team - starting with his rubio as secretary of defense.then there is the meeting with netanyahu, the first with trump of any foreign leader. in what has to be a shocking announcement during a press conference with the prime minister, the president announced his proposal of temporarily moving all gaza palestinians to neighboring arab states while the us goes in there, cleans up the mess and rebuilds gaza into a beautiful city by the sea. this would surely help israel's security situation. and i would love it if it could be done. but there isn't a snowball's chance in hell that this will happen. even though trump did not rule out using american troops in that cause. you never know with this guy.except for that pipe dream, the rest of it all sounds like a home run in each case. so much for all the handwringing about trump 2.0 turning against israel for personal gain. it just isn’t happening.that said, to be perfectly honest, i am completely disappointed in trump’s tariff strategy. even though it seemed to succeed with canada and mexico in the sense that he got concessions from them on illegal immigrant and drug smuggling issues, tariffs are never a good idea.his intention of stopping cheaply made goods flowing into the u.s. and thereby increasing manufacturing and jobs in america is a noble cause and might just work. but it will surely raise prices, since union-won wages are so high that goods produced here will go up in price significantly. the things americans love so much are often produced in foreign countries where labor is cheap instead of china or mexico. smartphones,for example, that now cost about $1,000 may end up costing $1,500 if all components are made entirely in the u.s. this is no way to solve inflation.i don’t know about anyone else, but i believe that trump should have let sleeping dogs lie. no one was complaining. so, mr. president… please: if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.






posted by



harry maryles




at

6:37 am































tuesday, february 04, 2025








the absurd extent of charedi resistance to the draft





it seems absurd on its face. it isn’t as if the idf is asking that the many tens of thousands of charedim learning full-time in yeshivos should shut their gemaras and start praying at the altar of the ancient god baal. but that is just about how the charedi leadership has been treating draft orders issued last july by the idf.the clarion call of ‘hell no… we won’t go!’ by the anti-vietnam war protesters of the late 60s and early '70s sounds almost pale in comparison to the vehemence with which charedi leaders are treating this. out of the young charedim who, in theory, should be eligible for army service, the idf’s recruitment ask was for only 3,000 recruits. that is the number of charedim who received draft notices. a modest request by any standard. and yet, only 461 showed up at the recruitment offices.it is almost certain that among that population of learners, there are easily 3,000 slackers who are linos (learners in name only). surely, they should not have an exemption. surely, they should be subject to the draft even by charedi standards.but the opposition is universal and complete. they are opposed to any of their number serving in the idf under any circumstances. their argument is that the mere subjugation of fervently religious jews to secular commanders places them at serious risk of violating the torah.they don’t even trust the charedi units specifically designed to accommodate even their stringent customs.to say this attitude is absurd is an understatement, as the many devoutly religious jews from the religious zionist camp that serve have proven over and over again for more than 75 years. but the charedi leadership does not want to be confused with facts. they claim that devout soldiers will somehow be subjected by secular commanding officers to spurious orders  that will violate halacha. commanding officers that don’t know the first thing about the halachos of war or army service in general and care even less.it goes without saying that israel is living in a time when physical defense is imperative for its very existence. any war in that cause is a milchemes mitzvah requiring all able bodied jews to drop what they are doing and fight. even as we now have a lull in the war with hamas (which could flare up as quickly as it stopped), that doesn’t mean we can lay down arms and live in peace and harmony with our palestinian neighbors. quite the contrary. the minute that palestinians (even moderate ones) see a weakness in our resolve to protect ourselves, they will pounce! and come down on us with fire and brimstone that will make october 7th look like a picnic. charedim are nowhere near ‘off the hook’ any more than any other able-bodied young israeli.charedi youth ought to be able to make their own informed decisions about whether to serve in the idf or not, as the 461 who showed up apparently did, instead of being indoctrinated with the ‘yehoreg ve’al ya’avor’ approach.this sentiment was better expressed by rav yaakov medan, rosh yeshiva of har etzion, who was quoted in the jerusalem post:"rabbis need to allow their students much more freedom of choice and trust that they can remain torah-observant even if they serve in the military," medan said. "today, there are disputes over who has the final say—the rabbi or the commander. an army cannot function if the commander is not the one making the final decision."now, it appears that all hell will break loose. the idf has announced the following:"a draft-eligible candidate who does not report for enlistment as per their draft order will be considered absent without leave and will face criminal sanctions," meanwhile, charedim are pursuing a permanent draft exemption for their community in the knesset, with a threat by shas party chairman aryeh deri that the charedi parties will leave the coalition if such legislation is not passed. that would bring down the government, leading to new elections.this is probably the most counterproductive thing they could do to achieve their goal. the next coalition government will likely be far less sympathetic to their concerns and far more aligned with the idf’s position. to the cheers of virtually the entire rest of the country (including non-charedi observant jews who serve). for the longest time, the rest of israel has been highly critical of - and upset by the blanket charedi exemptions to the military. and why shouldn’t they be? most of the country's youth is exposed to the horrors of the battle field while charedim get off scot-free.if things continue in a linear fashion, i do not see a happy ending for anyone. there will be protests and counter-protests that will surely escalate into a level of violence between charedim and the rest of the israeli population not yet seen.all of which could so easily and justifiably be avoided if the charedi leadership understood the definition of compromise and allow and even encourage the relatively small number of charedi youth that might be inclined to join the idf on their own. which is the right thing to do in any case. 





posted by



harry maryles




at

11:35 am

































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)
















support emes ve-emunah










advertise on this blog:

click here for information



why?

click here









comment rules

before you read the rules read this important message:
 
if you are having trouble accessing comments copy and past the following url:

http://haemtza.blogspot.com

that should get you you to the 'not secure' version of my blog where comments are visible. 

if that doesn't work, try a different browser. firefox seems to work best. it can be downloaded at: https://www.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/new/
1. fill in your name or an alias. do not leave blank or use the name 'guest' or 'anonymous'. 2. no nivul peh. profanity will be deleted. 3. no personal attacks. be kind in your comment even if you disagree.4. to avoid automatic moderation - see here  



disclaimer

unless specifically stated i do not necessarily endorse products or services advertised on this blog.



prayer for the safety of israel's soldiers





click to enlarge





  




my other blog










emes ve-emunah ii




blaming netanyahu for wanting too long



                      -
                    



it’s the media. it’s their bias and they lead public opinion they can’t 
stand netanyahu. at no time has the animus against him been more evident 
than now...


4 weeks ago














followers












follow @hmaryles





recent commentspowered by disqus



about me





harry maryles


chicago, illinois, united states

view my complete profile




my outlook on judaism is based mostly on the teachings of my primary rebbe, rabbi aaron soloveichik from whom i received my rabbinic ordination. it is also based on a search for spiritual truth. among the various sources that put me on the right path, two great philosophic works stand out: “halakhic man” and “lonely man of faith” authored by the pre-eminent jewish philosopher and theologian, rabbi, dr. joseph b. soloveitchik. of great significance is rabbi, dr. norman lamm's conceptualization and models of torah u’mada and dr. eliezer berkovits who introduced me to the world of philosophic thought. among my early influences were two pioneers of american elementary torah chinuch, rabbis shmuel kaufman and yaakov levi. the yeshivos i attended were yeshivas telshe for early high school and more significantly, the hebrew theological college where for a period of ten years, my rebbeim included such great rabbinic figures as rabbis mordechai rogov, shmaryahu meltzer, yaakov perlow, herzl kaplan, and selig starr. i also attended roosevelt university where i received my bachelor's degree - majoring in psychology.











search this blog




















popular posts









feminism cannot drive jewish values
i continue to marvel at the me-ism that has enveloped the far-left wing of orthodoxy. one would think that judaism is all about self-fulfill...










why are they silent?
there is a reason lakewood is called the city of torah. deservedly so. lakewood, new jersey, is home to the largest and most prestigious yes...










what is modern orthodoxy?
rabbi dr. norman lamm - a   20 th  c entury modern orthodox leader michael feldstein published an interview in the times of israel  with ste...










empathy is good. but not enough
rav asher weiss - what does he really believe? sometimes, outrage can be misplaced. at least on a wholesale level. the charedi world is not ...










openly gay jews
update:  rabbi broyde's articles on this subject are now linked below. the subject of how judaism should treat lgbtq individuals is one ...







people's choice award






best jewish blog



silver



best anti-establishment blog



gold



my blog list










alexandra fleksher | writings on contemporary othodoxy






                      -
                    

















beis vaad l'chachamim




questions for parshas yisro



                      -
                    



in 2025 we had a group of really smart guys in shul, so i used 2, 4, 6, 8, 
and 10, the more challenging questions, and they answered every single one.


1...


2 days ago












beyond bt




hishtadlus and parshas hamon



                      -
                    



we are taught that although hashem runs the world we have to do our 
hishtadlus (our own efforts). what that is in any situation differs for 
each person a...


1 week ago












circus tent









jews in podolia: 1860s-1880s



                      -
                    



 








 






















source: *(try to ignore her politics...)*

*she took it from here*



2 years ago












cross-currents






                      -
                    

















daas torah




europe will not be part of ukraine peace talks, us envoy says



                      -
                    



 
https://www.voanews.com/a/europe-will-not-be-part-of-ukraine-peace-talks-us-envoy-says-/7976497.html

europe won't have a seat at the table for ukraine p...


34 minutes ago












dixie yid




to serve g-d - rav moshe weinberger's drasha on mishpatim



                      -
                    

 
below, please find this adaptation of rav weinberger's drasha from this 
shabbos, *parshas mishpatim* 5779. rav weinberger has reviewed this 
write-up and ...


6 years ago












igeret yad




vayikra: tzav: what was the anointing process?



                      -
                    

did you know...? ch.8. vs.12.what was the anointing process?וַיִּצֹק֙ 
מִשֶּׁ֣מֶן הַמִּשְׁחָ֔ה עַ֖ל רֹ֣אשׁ אַהֲרֹ֑ן וַיִּמְשַׁ֥ח אֹת֖וֹ 
לְקַדְּשֽׁוֹ׃he pour...


4 years ago












kotzk blog









500) mining chassidic stories for kernels of historicity



                      -
                    



 

*introduction*

this article ꟷ based extensively on the research by professor glynn dynner
[1] ꟷ examines a possible methodology to extract aspects of h...


2 weeks ago












life in israel




why qatar, why?



                      -
                    

an investigative reporter yesterday uncovered that someone in the prime 
minister's office, an aide, was moonlighting. he has also held a job with 
qatar thr...


2 days ago












matzav.com




watch live! genazym auction! click here!



                      -
                    

[communicated]live at genazym auction!


58 minutes ago












rationalist judaism




an expert on zionism



                      -
                    

who gets nominated for prestigious prizes in jewish studies?


2 days ago












the yeshiva world






                      -
                    

















torah musings




daily reyd



                      -
                    

• river, bird, pot: on the peace mission of second generation baalei 
teshuvah • rm taragin – perception is reality • rd bashevkin – the 
controversial battl...


1 day ago












vos iz neias




rabbi dovid shlomo schmuckler ז”ל



                      -
                    

family getting up: thursday (2/20/25)am


3 hours ago












ygb









rischa d'araisa season 10 episode 20: mourning the last american chief 
rabbi: elizabeth's rav elazar mayer teitz zt"l



                      -
                    



 


rischa d'araisa season 10 episode 20:
*mourning the*
*last american chief rabbi:*
*elizabeth's*
*rav elazar mayer teitz zt"l*

*https://listen.jewishpo...


3 days ago









show 5




show all







blog archive




blog archive
february (12)
january (27)
december (27)
november (25)
october (22)
september (26)
august (26)
july (25)
june (23)
may (27)
april (21)
march (26)
february (25)
january (27)
december (26)
november (28)
october (26)
september (24)
august (27)
july (26)
june (26)
may (26)
april (21)
march (27)
february (24)
january (27)
december (27)
november (26)
october (21)
september (24)
august (23)
july (26)
june (24)
may (28)
april (22)
march (27)
february (24)
january (26)
december (27)
november (26)
october (26)
september (19)
august (27)
july (26)
june (23)
may (24)
april (25)
march (25)
february (24)
january (28)
december (27)
november (27)
october (24)
september (24)
august (26)
july (27)
june (26)
may (25)
april (22)
march (27)
february (24)
january (27)
december (28)
november (27)
october (20)
september (25)
august (26)
july (27)
june (23)
may (27)
april (24)
march (26)
february (25)
january (27)
december (26)
november (26)
october (25)
september (20)
august (27)
july (27)
june (25)
may (25)
april (24)
march (27)
february (24)
january (27)
december (26)
november (26)
october (23)
september (22)
august (27)
july (26)
june (25)
may (26)
april (20)
march (27)
february (24)
january (27)
december (26)
november (27)
october (19)
september (26)
august (27)
july (27)
june (25)
may (21)
april (19)
march (27)
february (25)
january (27)
december (27)
november (26)
october (27)
september (21)
august (27)
july (27)
june (26)
may (24)
april (24)
march (29)
february (25)
january (28)
december (30)
november (27)
october (26)
september (25)
august (27)
july (28)
june (25)
may (29)
april (25)
march (26)
february (25)
january (30)
december (28)
november (27)
october (27)
september (20)
august (29)
july (32)
june (27)
may (29)
april (30)
march (31)
february (32)
january (32)
december (31)
november (31)
october (23)
september (23)
august (29)
july (30)
june (28)
may (31)
april (30)
march (29)
february (32)
january (37)
december (31)
november (27)
october (22)
september (29)
august (33)
july (32)
june (31)
may (40)
april (27)
march (37)
february (35)
january (29)
december (33)
november (34)
october (30)
september (23)
august (33)
july (33)
june (38)
may (31)
april (32)
march (34)
february (37)
january (42)
december (33)
november (30)
october (23)
september (27)
august (30)
july (39)
june (33)
may (27)
april (28)
march (35)
february (31)
january (30)
december (35)
november (26)
october (15)
september (29)
august (33)
july (29)
june (29)
may (28)
april (30)
march (32)
february (27)
january (34)
december (32)
november (30)
october (31)
september (22)
august (31)
july (30)
june (29)
may (27)
april (28)
march (31)
february (28)
january (30)
december (30)
november (34)
october (27)
september (26)
august (31)
july (28)
june (28)
may (28)
april (22)
march (32)
february (24)
january (34)
december (33)
november (6)
march (2)
november (1)
december (1)
january (1)



















links


ap
algemeiner
arutz sheva
b'chadrei charedim
chicago jewish news
chicago tribune
daf yomi
forward
ha'aretz
hamodia
jta
jerusalem post
jewish action
jewish press
jewish week
new york times
ou
times of israel
yated
ynet












































harry maryles. picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























