

spacecraft model kits from space craft international












 

   










  








the list of sci
products






how to


order
science kits






sci - quality

3d printing
files for your 3d printer
and fully printed items
 from our shapeways shop





assembly instructions, fact sheets, presentation guides
for your sci kits






site updated
 2025                                  january






 






space craft® science kits

are sure to delight anyone who has

a keen interest in space exploration.




start your keck telescope science kit with laser-cut paper...





...and optionally add 3d-printed components:

for the keck telescope science kit, we offer three items professionally printed for you by shapeways: the keck pier, the keck lower, and the keck upper. or, you can just get any of the .stl files and 3d-print them on your own. add those 3d-printed parts, and you'll have a professional, high-quality, long-lasting scale model of the revolutionary, pioneering active optics observatory in hawaii. even without optional 3d-printed parts, your paper model is accurate, and should last many years.








science kits are not simple; they take lots of care to assemble. as such, they offer an "ah-ha! so that's how it works" satisfaction for the inquisitive. a rich reward for the effort! 

they're popular among students and engineers and scientists, and anyone who enjoys building scale models. they might not be suitable for kids younger than ten, depending  on motivation.

by spending an enjoyable day or so assembling one, you'll learn all the major parts of a real space-exploring machine. you'll understand how it works. and you'll have a handsome scale model for your home, office, or classroom!
we mail you the model's laser-cut parts.

and of course you can add optional 3d-printed parts!


by using pages on this web site for assembly instructions and information (have a look at this sample illustration from a fact sheet), you can have a detailed, high-quality, realistic, scale model of an actual robotic spacecraft for as low as $12.95, which includes first-class postage in the u.s. (shipping elsewhere is extra). our optional 3d print files, and fully-3d-printed items, will enhance your scikits.



don't be misled by the low prices.

these scale models are full of intricate detail. build voyager (one and two, outer solar system mariners), lunar prospector, galileo (the jupiter orbiter and probe), hubble space telescope, magellan (venus radar mapper), mars global surveyor, and more. each one takes several hours of careful assembly using white glue, while you learn just about everything there is to know about these space-exploring machines!

they're made of laser-cut recycled paper.   space-faring craft are designed to have low mass and high strength. sci takes full advantage of this, reproducing the spacecraft's key design features. this way, we too can use lightweight material. with the high-resolution laser cutting we employ, paper has lots of advantages. we use a special 100% recycled card stock. lithography and bonded metal foil duplicate proper color and detail, so little or no touch-up is required. parts are labeled for your convenience. paper is a relatively easy material to work with, and the glue is non-toxic.






the sci catalog has full descriptions of each space craft® science kit.

before leaving, be sure to read all about sci.


all spacecraft shown on this site are photos of assembled sci kits.








thanks for visiting spacecraftkits.com


please stop by again soon, and bring your friends.




copyright © 2025 sci space craft
international, pasadena, california usa.
space craft and science kit are trademarks of sci.

contact sci



sci: established 1987, web sales since 1993. 
sci  kits are made in usa using 100% recycled materials









