







architecture, master planning, & strategic building for church & mission organizations










































        
          
            architecture, master planning, & strategic building for church & mission organizations
          
        
      




















































              mission
            

            process
          

            experience
          

            envision
          

            services
          

            about 
          

            contact
          



























































































missionprocessexperienceenvisionservicesabout contact





                
                  
                    architecture, master planning, & strategic building for church & mission organizations
                  
                
              
architecture, master planning,  & strategic building for church & mission organizations











scroll






  

our mission:empower we help  churches and other christian organizations craft facilities that enable them to do ministry more effectively.

 









 




 







 











our mission
buildings are a tool for ministry. we help churches and ministry organizations develop facilities that enable them to fulfill their god-given calling more effectively - facilities that provide inspiring environments, that function well and that are affordable - buildings that empower ministry.learn more



 


























 you have questions…





view fullsize










we help you find answers









 

our process



our process in strategic planning is designed to help you find the answers you are looking for. we are not like other architectural firms. if you already know exactly what you want to build, then there are many architects and builders that can help you. our starting point is to understand your ministry, vision, needs, obstacles and resources.  we want to get inside the head and heart of your ministry before designing anything. our process gets key stakeholders on-board early and fosters unity in the body which is so essential to having a successful capital campaign.  we work diligently to  balance project objectives  so that the best possible outcomes are realized. 




    learn more about our process
  











 




 

experience

 


    see our works
  



over the past 30 years we’ve worked with hundreds of churches and collected a wealth of knowledge.  we serve as guides through the very complex path to the realization of a project - whether a new building, an addition or a renovation.  we use state of the art technology in our work, including building information technology (bim) for design virtualization and implementation. we also have early planning tools we’ve developed to help protect churches from getting over their heads financially.  at times, leaders have not liked the news  we bring about the feasibility of their plans, but in the end it preserves their credibility and protects the ministry. and that leads right into our core value that ministry is of first importance and buildings are to serve the ministry.  





































































































 transformations…..we take old, tired, dated church buildings, sanctuaries, and other spaces. we make them new, bright and alive - facility resurrections and reformations. check out a few recent ones here.









 

what our clients say…



fairview village church“when todd came on board our project had been in process for four years. we had struggled along and finally reached the approval place for our permit. then the unexpected occurred, our construction contractor went out of business. this was totally demoralizing and discouraging for us as a committee. since we were not comfortable with our previous architect we reached out to churcharchitects llc. todd stepped into this situation and was able to help us re-focus and get back on track. he was able to develop a plan that was much more in line with our vision and also more efficient. the project was designed, implemented, and completed within a year and a half.”from the executive pastor / see  endorsements 

 




 











envisioning the future
we design in 3-d so you can easily understand the plans and have tools for promotions and fundraising.learn more











































 







 

services tailored to your needs

 

personal attention from start to finish



one size does not fit all and standard architectural services do not meet the need of every ministry or church. that is why we tailor the services we offer to meet your needs. the needs may be to see how existing space can be reconfigured for better utilization. perhaps the sanctuary needs to be brought into the 21st century, aesthetically and technologically.  or maybe your need is to know whether a property you are considering purchasing is able to meet your long terms needs. whether for a study or full-scope architectural services, or even to serve as an owner’s rep, we’re here to help you with your needs.learn more about services we provide



this is another characteristic that separates us from other  architects and design-builders. the person who leads your project will be there from beginning to end.  no need to worry that critical information will get lost as the project moves from a concept to  detailed plans and then into construction.  our team members are not only professionally qualified as licensed architects, but each one shares a commitment to serving christ first and foremost. 




    meet our team
  

 






introduction



banner



what we do



your questions



questions 2



our process



experience



transformations



endorsements



seeing what can be...



team










© 2024 churcharchitects, llclanghorne, pa  usa(888) 844-2487generalinfo@churcharchitects.compowered by: squarespace



missionexperienceprocessenvisionservices



aboutcontact


















































strategic facility planning and architecture for churches
1325 e old lincoln hwy,
langhorne, pa, 19047,
united states
215.750.8776
generalinfo@churcharchitects.com












