









cucina casalinga | sally maraventano's regional italian cooking school | wilton, connecticut


































 

 



 
































































special corporate classesnew class schedule
featured recipe! photo gallery! 

















































 sign up for our
 e-mail newsletter












																								      ; 




cucina casalinga
			  203-762-0768
we accept:    
 summer 2020
cari amici!

								                 as we all adjust to the new normal, most of you know that we will not be teaching this summer.  we wanted, however, to keep our website active by sharing some wonderful recipes that we hope you will try with your family.  
on the kid's page look for the pizza and focaccia recipe.  once the dough is made and has risen, you can top with grandpa tony’s tomato sauce for pizza to make a pizza margherita or a pepperoni pizza!  another favorite of the kids is spiral pasta with pesto.  so many of us grow basil in the garden, and fresh basil is always available in the summer at the farmer’s markets.  did you know that you can make a batch of pesto sauce and freeze it in small containers to have available anytime?  nana’s baked meatballs in tomato sauce, over spaghetti is a great comfort meal that everyone enjoys.  and who doesn’t like torta cioccolata, a chocolate cookie crumb ice cream torte for dessert!
on our adult page we are sharing three delicious recipes that can be made separately, but together, would produce a fabulous meal.  start with fettuccine with prosciutto and peas, an easy dish in an elegant cream sauce that is so good with fresh pasta.   scaloppine di pollo al limone is a delicate chicken recipe made with a lemon-wine sauce.  dessert is lemon cream tiramisu with raspberry topping; easy and fabulous!  
we encourage you to try these recipes and to please share your feedback!
for those that prefer vegetarian food, please inquire about sally’s cookbook, festa del giardino, a harvest of recipes and family memories, featuring 125 delicious family recipes with lots of other information about home-style italian cooking.
  remember that cucina casalinga has a boutique of special gourmet products from italy.  please visit our products page for a complete list.
  until we cook again, balbina, gina and i wish all of you a wonderful summer.
until we cook again, balbina, gina and i wish all of you a wonderful summer.
                                                   buona cucina
                                                   sally								               



 
we sell gift certificates. email or call to inquire! buy three certificates and save 10%
 




the crown jewels of italy tour
postponed until april 2021
																			          sally maraventano and educational travel journey’s hope you can join them to explore the crown jewels of italy, visiting verona, bologna and venice, a high-end luxurious tour and gastronomical journey! more info >



shopping at cucina casalinga
                                                                                    call or email if you are interested in purchasing unique gifts, great food and gourmet items for your friends and family who enjoy quality foods and everything italian. email info@cucinacasalinga.com or phone 203-762-0768.
                                              we have a unique assortment of gourmet imported extra virgin olive oils and vinegars, carnaroli rice, dried oregano branches from sicily, honeys and marmalade, and imported reggiano parmigiano cheese sold at an excellent price per pound. sally's book, festa del giardino, and wonderful baking books by maria bruscino sanchez are also available.
 for those who want to give the gift of cooking - cucina casalinga gift certificates are available for both our adult and childrens' cooking classes.                                              
visit products page >



corporate and private parties are very popular during this time of the year so book your event soon!

















 



© 2003 - 2015 cucina casalinga. all rights reserved

 









