













wheels of chance, wheels of fortune, custom wheels, promotional wheels





















 


 

 1-800-233-0828 | prizewheels@kardwell.com






































1-800-233-0828 | prizewheels@kardwell.com
         
































toggle navigation








home
products

products

casino-quality custom wheels of chance with your design
casino-quality carnival wheels: number, money, horse, more
prize wheels with customizable dry erase pie pieces
custom prize wheels with insert slots for your graphics
wheel of chance accessories


ordering
catalog
about us
contact us
kardwell.com


call 1-800-233-0828!














wheels of chance products


casino-quality custom wheels of chance with your design
casino-quality carnival wheels: number, money, horse, more
prize wheels with customizable dry erase pieces
custom prize wheels with insert slots for your graphics
wheels of chance accessories































									   click here
									
									 to get our new, free 96 page 2017/2018 catalog by mail. or, 
									
									      view our online catalog!
									



















custom wheels of chance are available with any design you choose!














					    custom made wheels of chance with your design, insert wheels for your 
						graphics, money wheels, dice wheels, number wheels, and more!
					 

					    choose from the following  types of wheels of chance  in 18", 
					    24", 30", 36", 42", 48", and 60" diameter sizes:
                     
casino-quality custom wheels of chance with your design

					    we can produce precision, 
						casino-quality custom wheels of chance 
						with any graphics you want. the face of each deluxe promotional wheel is made 
						through our lithographic printing process. this process produces the highest 
						quality colors and images for the front of the wheel.
					 

					    all our casino-quality wheels of chance 
						are made of genuine american and canadian birch plywood. these wheels of chance are 
						made of the same plywood used for premium kitchen cabinetry. this lightweight, durable 
						wood ensures that your wheel of chance will remain stable and maintain its bright 
						colors for years to come.
                     



					    casino-quality carnival wheels: number wheels, money wheels, horse race wheels, 
						big six wheels & more
					 

					    choose from 
						
						   big six dice wheels, color wheels, number wheels, horse race wheels, and money wheels.  
						made of genuine american and canadian birch plywood, these prize wheels are made of the 
						same plywood used for premium kitchen cabinetry.  this lightweight, durable wood ensures 
						that your carnival wheel of chance will 
						remain stable and maintain its bright colors for years to come.
                     



					    custom prize wheels with do-it-yourself inserts/pie slices for your custom graphics
                     

                        these high-quality 
						"do-it-yourself" prize wheels 
						allow you to create an economical prize wheel with any graphics you choose! because you 
						produce your own custom graphics on your pc, print the graphics yourself, and insert them 
						in the promotional wheel's pie slices, you can change the graphics easily from event to event.
						that's why this wheel of chance is the best choice for those seeking a custom prize wheel 
						for which the pie slices/prizes can be easily modified.
                     

					    our insert prize wheels are made from the 
						finest quality cabinet-grade mdf wood.  all wheels feature a standard oversized 18 inch abs 
						black plastic base and steel pole with a durable black powder coat finish. every promotional 
						wheel is hand-balanced to ensure random spins.
                     


prize wheels with customizable dry erase sections/pie pieces

					    our dry erase prize wheels are fun and simple 
						to use!  with these high-quality "do-it-yourself prize wheels", you can write anything 
						you want on the sections and when you're done, simply wipe off your prize wheel and start all 
						over again.  each dry erase wheel of chance 
						features an erasable whiteboard surface, making the wheel the best choice for those seeking a 
						prize wheel that can be customized "on-demand" and changed from event to event at 
						virtually no cost and with minimal effort.the wheels are made from the finest quality 
						cabinet-grade mdf wood. all wheels feature a standard oversized 18 inch abs black plastic base 
						and steel pole with a durable black powder coat finish. every promotional wheel is hand-balanced 
						to ensure random spins.
                     


many wheel accessories available - clappers, table mirrors, tickets, & more

					    we also carry a range of 
						supplies for our wheels of chance.  
						wheel indicators (clappers), replacement pins, table mirrors, paddle wheel tickets, vinyl 
						lay-downs, and many other products are available.  for our free 96 page catalog, please 
						contact us at 1-800-233-0828.
					 











	     wheels-of-chance.com: 
		 home | 
		 products | 
		 ordering | 
		 catalog | 
		 about us | 
		 contact us | 
		 copyright














		    © 2016 kardwell international, inc. the contents of this web site are the sole property 
			of kardwell international. 
         

		    no part of this web site may be copied or used for any commercial purpose without the written 
		    permission of kardwell international.







