






alta california regional center





































skip to main content







toggle site search icon


















more options



 




alta california regional center





donations






transparency





toggle offscreen menu icon


















about uswhat is alta california regional center?
who we serve
staffing & organization
board of directors
public information
board committees
transparency
careers
contact us


clients & familiesapplicants
coordinated future planning
early intervention
school-aged children
adulthood
families
resources


service providerscommunity resource developmental plan
current providers
provider advisory committee
become a service provider
service provider directory
cms final rule and hcbs


news & eventsnews
events & calendar
legislation
our stories













home  
supporting  you throughout your journey.




 

early intervention






 

school-age






 

adulthood






 

family members






services for you




who we serve
we assist people with developmental disabilities and their families by building a team of supportive physicians, therapists, and other professionals for each of our clients. 





am i eligible?
we serve individuals who have intellectual and developmental disabilities, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, autism, and other similar conditions. see if you're eligible here. 





service providers
find our community of highly compassionate and effective service providers who share our vision and are authorized to provide high-quality, client-centered services. 





self-determination
the self-determination program allows participants to have more control over selecting their services and supports by implementing person-centered plans based on the individual. 







what's happening

view all


loading...





national core indicators in-person survey



post june 30, 2025 


  adults (18+) may be invited to participate in the national
  core indicators (nci) in-person survey. this survey is held
  throughout california for clients of the 21 regional centers. the
  purpose of the survey is to give clients an opportunity to
  evaluate the services and supports they receive through the
  regional centers and service providers. the results of the survey
  will help california and regional centers establish goals and
  make changes. 


the survey will address topics like:
 





client and family satisfaction survey



post january 24, 2025 


  alta california regional center sent out 25,980 surveys to
  clients and families to analyze client satisfaction. each survey
  has a unique number, so it can be completed only once, and all
  surveys are tracked and safely stored. 


  understanding different relationships helps us see how
  clients, parents, legal representatives, and support staff
  feel about our services. each group has different
  needs. 


  please review the analyzed data from the results of the survey. 
 





american rescue plan act (arpa) funded early start pilot project



post january 24, 2025 


  in response to the significant impact the covid-19 pandemic
  had on the special needs system of care, section 2014 (a) of
  the american rescue plan act (arpa) of 2021 provided
  supplemental grant funds for early intervention services for
  infants and toddlers under part c of the individuals
  with disabilities education act. the
  california department of developmental services (dds) –
  the entity that implements part c through the regional
  center service delivery system – received one-time funding
  for early start.
 





early start family outcomes survey



post october 15, 2024 


  if you are a parent/caregiver and receive(d) an early start
  family outcomes survey please fill it out.  for more
  information please review the family outcomes survey flyer - english or family outcomes survey flyer - spanish.
 





draft delegated conservatorship policy



post october 8, 2024 


  alta california regional center is seeking input on
  the draft delegated conservatorship policy.


  plese feel free to share any feedback with lisa west
  at: lwest@altaregional.org.
 





psychologists for evaluations



post june 3, 2024 


  alta california regional center (acrc) is
  currently recruiting licensed psychologists to provide psychological evaluations
  to existing clients and applicants for eligibility determination
  purposes. vendored psychologists of acrc complete evaluations
  with children and/or adults to consider diagnoses of intellectual
  disability (id) and autism spectrum disorder (asd) as part of the
  acrc eligibility process. in addition to standardized
  measures, evaluations include a review of records, obtaining
  pertinent history, and a consideration of differential diagnoses.
 





acrc strategic plan



post july 7, 2022 


  to our acrc family,


  community inclusion and engagement is the hallmark of alta
  california regional center. thank you to all that participated in
  creating this three-and-a-half-year strategic plan. your
  input from the client & family survey, as well as your
  participation in various meetings throughout the year, has helped
  to create this plan.
  the strategic plan includes the following four strategic focus
  areas:
 








our stories
show video
view all





 

luis
service coordinator 





 

xavier
thriving and growing 





 

ariel
child model 









          your browser does not support the video tag.
        






making a difference



30,000+ clients served




10 counties served




700+ acrc employees




2000+ service providers










contact us
2241 harvard street
	suite 100
	sacramento, ca 95815
(916) 978-6400


service area
we provide services in alpine, colusa, el dorado, nevada, placer, sacramento, sierra, sutter, yolo, and yuba counties.





resources





service providers


board information


search jobs


rights, advocacy, and
    appeals


register to vote

 



clients and families





applicants


early childhood


school-age


adulthood


family members


resource center

 






stay informed
sign up for periodic email notifications on news and events. language translation available based on recipient’s browser settings. 



full name: *



email address: *



category: *
- select -boardclientemployeefamily memberminimum wage listother interested partyself determination program (sdp)service provider



























created by digital deployment
back to home








log in



e-mail or username: *



password: *



 remember me


request new password








commands

support portallog in 









