




accent closets

























	schedule a free in-home  design consultation  or  visit our showroom in pompano    (800) 330-1990 |  (954) 561-8800

















menu

about


materials 

melaminetextured melaminehigh-gloss melaminewoodventilated wireventilated woodthermofoil 


closets 

reach-in closetmelaminewalk-in closetmelaminewood 


more categories 

officemelamineupgraded melaminehigh-end/woodgaragewoodmelamineventilated wirewall bedmelaminehigh-end/woodwall unitmelaminehigh-end/woodtv unitmelaminehigh-end/woodkitchenthermo-foilhigh-end/woodvanitythermo-foilhigh-end/woodlaundrymiscellaneouscustom doors 


accessories 

closet accessoriesgarage accessorieshangersdecorative handles 


contact


































closets
closets are categorized into two types. reach in closets and walk in closets. reach in closets are generally 24" deep to accommodate hanging. walk in closets are at least 4 feet deep and can be as large as bedrooms.  read more









garages
our most popular garage system is constructed of melamine. these cabinets range from 12" deep to 24" deep depending on your needs. they often have doors to keep the garage looking clean and organized. all of our garage cabinets are constructed with backs and sit on heavy duty metal leg levelers. leg levelers are used due to the fact that garage floors are not level. read more









offices
from business offices to home offices we can build to your needs. office cabinets generally include a workspace, drawers, storage cabinets and an area to house your printer. read more









accent closets
is a proud leader in the custom closet industry. established in 1988 we have structured our closet design company on the simple concept of "quality first". we offer a full line of materials that range from sturdy ventilated wire to melamine to exquisite real wood. our professional closet designers will be sure to give you a free in home estimate as well as elaborate computer drawings to help you make the right choice. accent's state of the art manufacturing plant enables us to keep our quality high and our prices low! whether you order a custom closet system, an office system, garage system or wall unit, our meticulous installers will leave you with the space you always wanted and never thought you could afford.

 



design & pre-visualization
our professional closet designers will be sure to give you a free in home estimate as well as elaborate computer drawings to help you make the right choice. our design program allows us to provide you with a 3d image to help you visualize the finished product.










manufacturing
accent manufactures all of its products at our factory in pompano beach florida. with our own manufacturing plant we are able to offer you a high quality product at a low price. we are equipped with all of the finest machines and tooling to achieve the finish that sets us above the rest.
















installation
accent jobs are installed by our own craftsmen. the installation process is quick and clean. we do the majority of work at our shop in order to install in a timely manner. our craftsmen are knowledgeable and sure to leave your home clean and organized. our installation trucks are mobile workshops which enable our installation team to make changes or adjustments if needed at the jobsite.







in the media





































main links

about
materials
closets
office systems
systems
accessories





contact

						2266 nw 30th place
pompano beach, fl 33069
					
						(800) 330-1990   (954) 561-8800	
info@accentclosets.com





connect








 join
join our email list to receive updates, special offers and organizing ideas.

â© 2025 accent closets group. all rights reserved

























