







living faith lutheran church










































        
          
            living faith lutheran church
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            worship
          

            ministries
          

            food pantry
          

            newsletters
          

            staff
          

            contact
          

            donate
          









































































homeworshipministriesfood pantrynewslettersstaffcontactdonate





                
                  
                    living faith lutheran church
                  
                
              











scroll


















who we areat living faith lutheran church, our mission is to live our faith in jesus through joyful service and love for our neighbors.to serve this mission, we:share our faith through meaningful worshipoffer a welcoming environment for all peoplesupport those who choose to take a risk for christencourage spiritual growthuse our gifts to serve the communityliving faith lutheran church celebrates diversity and welcomes everyone seeking god’s love and grace to participate fully. whatever your faith background, no matter whom you love, whatever your culture, ethnicity, economic reality, family structure, age, education, or ability…you are welcome. to learn more about our ministry and ways to get involved at living faith - check out our ministries page.when we worshipjoin us at 10:30 am on sundays!each week we gather, sing, pray, engage with scripture, and share in holy communion. we believe communion is a gift of god, for the people of god, and everyone is welcome at god’s table. 

 









 
















where we are 


   

 

living faith lutheran church1605 veirs mill rdrockville, maryland 20851you can enter from the front of the church, facing veirs mill rd., or directly from the parking lot.

 









what to expect



what should i wear?come as you are! at our services you'll find everything from jeans and flip-flops to suits and ties.what about kids?bring the kids! we welcome young families, nursing mothers, and children of all ages in all our services. there is also a child-friendly area with quiet toys and activities available in the sanctuary.what is worship like?as lutherans, we practice a standard liturgy including confession and forgiveness, bible readings, music, a short sermon, and communion at every service. our worship is accompanied by our organist and guest musicians. 








what we believewe are a member church of the metropolitan washington dc synod of the evangelical lutheran church in america.

 









worship



location



what to expect



what we believe














homeministriesstaffcontact




living faith lutheran church          1605 veirs mill rd., rockville, md    (301) 424-8622 

 






























 







