




            home - basic american foods - corporate        











































































              
                corporate  
                        





    			  
                    corporate  
                    		

    			  
                    foodservice  
                    		

    			                    baf/net
                    		

 

 


sales team portal















our markets 

foodserviceconsumer brandsingredients
about baf 

living our valuesour storyour team
careersblogcontact




              
                corporate  
                        





    			  
                    corporate  
                    		

    			  
                    foodservice  
                    		

    			                    baf/net
                    		

 
sales team portal

 




search for:



 



 













our mission:




we make real food heroes every day by providing customers with foods that are delicious to eat, easy to prepare and accessible to all.












    learn more about our values  















 








                    foodservice                    




                    ingredients                     




                    consumer brands                    




















food that's as easy to make as it is to love







from mouth watering to completely irresistible, all of our foods will help you create more mealtime victories.





    explore our markets 






















 






calling all food heroes
we're always looking for people who are passionate about food and believe that delicious and craveable meals can also be fast and easy to make. if that's you, get in touch.


										join our team	
									









creating a world full of mealtime victories



											learn about the baf story and vision										





















how we're making real food heroes 







what makes an amazing meal? we think it’s the people who create them – the people in kitchens and dining rooms everywhere who work hard to plan and prep and cook every dish to perfection. they’re heroes in our eyes. we want to help these heroes cook up the meals  their fans and families love, so we work hard to give them everything they need to make it happen.





    see our story  















 










										what's new									
get up to date on all our latest news.



															check out the latest														














										let's talk									
want to learn more? not finding what you're looking for? let us know how we can help you.



															contact us														











 






 












































blog find a sales rep  


privacy policy  |  
                    supply chain statement  |  
                    do not sell my personal information



1676 n. california blvd., suite 525, walnut creek ca 94596

phone

                                    1 800 227 4050                                

email info@baf.com


                        this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
                        privacy policy and
                        terms of service apply.
                    










                © copyright 2025 basic american foods. all rights reserved.
            





joinourteam

try asample






current employees





as a current employee, you can view and apply to open positions from your work or personal computer by logging into baf/net using your baf email address and network password. if you need login credentials, please contact your supervisor.


continue to baf/net









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept
reject

 






























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy policy




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy policy

this privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for baf.com. this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
it will notify you of the following:

what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

information collection, use, and sharing
we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via our contact form, sample ordering form or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to process and ship your sample order.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:

see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data.

security
we take precautions to protect your information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. you can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
cookies
we use “cookies” on this site. a cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. for instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
links
this web site contains links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
updates
this policy was last updated on january 1, 2020. our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888-994-5434 or via email.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 









