



































































	yrt












close










close


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.

s
	






skip to content





































schedules and mapsschedulesschedule finderroute navigatorsschool servicesdial-a-ridetrip planning toolstrip plannerridenowclosest stoptriplinxgoogle transitmapsyrt systemreal-timeby municipalityservice updatesservice changesyork university servicettc line 1 subway extensionrider alertsfares and passespricesfare chartwhere to buymonthly passgta weekly passexpress farespayment optionsyrt is going paperless!about prestoget a presto cardyrt pay apppoliciesfare policiesfare zonesproof of payment and transfersstudent id cardsupport person assistance cardfare programsride to gotransit tax credityrt@work - employer pass programtransit assistance programriding with usour servicesyrtmobility plusconnecting servicesour new brandriding with ushours of operationaccessibilitysafety and securitypriority and courtesy seatingreduce your carbon footprintprogramsbike 'n' buspark 'n' riderequest stopmyride travel trainingyo! youth on-boardstay informednewsmytransit newsletterupcoming eventsabout usfuture plansservice planspublic engagement forumvivanextconnect with uscontact uslost and foundfeedbacksocial mediabusiness with usfind out moreour facilitiesour vehiclesenforcement and securityfast factshistorytechnologyour technologyreal-time appdeveloper centrelooking for answers?knowledge basetalk2yrtmobility plus serviceabout mobility plusmobility plus serviceeligibilityfamily of servicesconnect with mobility pluscontact mobility plusonline booking toolmobility plus feedbacknewsletterfrequently asked questionshow to registerbooking your trippreparing for your tripcancelling your tripappeal processriding mobility plustransfer locationscross boundary travelsafetymobility aid requirementssupport person assistance card
















 latest tweets:



pause







javascript is disabled. please enable javascript to view this content.






trip plannerrider alertslost and foundreal-time maptalk2yrt.ca










about us
yrt offers local and rapid transit services in all nine york region municipalities. our services keep residents connected within york region and with connecting services in the city of toronto and the regions of peel and durham. learn more...


useful links

schedules and maps
fares and passes
riding with us
about us
mobility plus



contact us
905-762-2100 1-866-move-yrt(668-3978)
feedback form and subscription options 
live chat
more contact information...



social media































© 2019 york region transit
tel: 905-762-2100 1-866-move-yrt (668-3978)

privacy and disclaimerswebsite accessibilitysite map













