


cain industries - exhaust heat recovery and steam generator systems


































exhaust heat recovery and steam generator systems
cain industries manufactures exhaust heat recovery and steam generator systems for the engine
                        cogeneration (chp), boiler economizer, industrial heat transfer and exchanger markets.



cain industries is a leading designer and producer of combustion exhaust heat transfer products. celebrating 4 decades
                        in business, our success in lowering fuel costs and related pollution makes cain the first
                        choice for both combustion retrofit and oem exhaust heat
                            recovery applications.
we are the only manufacturer producing a complete spectrum of exhaust heat transfer and steam production equipment
                        for the gas and diesel engine cogeneration (chp), boiler exhaust economizer, industrial combustion heat recovery and spiral finned tubing
                        markets. cain industries has developed 16 complete product lines with over 3,450 standard models
                        for the correct choice in recovering btu from exhaust applications.
cain industries is your single source for boiler
                            economizers, condensing economizers, condensing heat exchangers, waste heat recovery systems, waste heat boilers (whb),
                        industrial heat recovery units (hru), heat recovery silencers (hrs), feedwater heaters, heat recovery steam generators (hrsg) and exhaust steam boilers.
please complete an online rfq, email or call us at 262-251-0051 (800-558-8690
                        toll free) to request your free exhaust heat recovery
                        savings analysis study and quotation today!









cain industries manufactures in accordance with the requirements
                            ofthe national board of boiler and pressure vessel inspectors and asme








online brochures







exhaust heat recoverysystems



engine cogenerationsystems



boiler economizersystems



fume incinerationsystems













cain industries exhaust heat recovery systems






facts
                        it is a fact that a minimum of twenty cents of every fuel dollar is wasted, when instead, much
                        of it can be recovered. cain industries recovers the heat and transfers the usable btus to
                        water, glycol, special fluids or steam. listed below are some of the combustion sources that
                        would benefit from a cain heat recovery system.



combustionsources:
wasted $$ for everyfuel dollar spent:


industrial hot water or steam
                                    boilers
$ .20


commercial hot water or steam boilers
$ .30


dryers
$ .30


reciprocating gas engines
$ .35


diesel engines
$ .35


ovens
$ .40


furnaces
$ .80


incinerators
$1.00


catalytic converters
$1.00



versatility
                        since 1978, cain industries has produced high quality waste heat transfer products. we are
                        dedicated to the reduction of fuel usage and pollution worldwide. our expertise makes us the
                        natural choice for both the retrofit and oem client. we set ourselves apart from others by
                        producing products to serve a broad spectrum of markets: the diesel and gas cogeneration market,
                        the boiler exhaust market and the fume incineration market. as the only manufacturer in all of
                        these markets, cain industries has the greatest selection of products and system applications
                        available.
we have become leaders in this industry by replacing old technology with the most recent
                        technological advancements. using elaborate computer programs, cain industries has developed and
                        manufactured twelve product lines with over 3,500 dependable heat transfer products. our unique
                        designs increase efficiency and performance, while making installation, service and maintenance
                        more cost effective.
we are also dedicated to a primary investment in our associates, their manufacturing technology,
                        quality improvements and innovative cost reductions to meet the customer’s budget. it is
                        by these means that we will achieve absolute customer satisfaction. the success of cain
                        industries is a direct result of our simple philosophy: to produce the highest quality products
                        and provide unmatched customer service.
fast payback
                        the words “safely and economically recover waste heat” also mean “no-risk
                        return on investment” which is exactly what cain industries heat recovery systems
                        represent. by installing a fuel saving economizer on a combustion source, the btu recovered pays
                        for all the equipment installed, usually in 12 to 18 months (or an equivalent return on
                        investment of 75 to 100% annually). this means recapturing approximately 50% of the wasted $$
                        for every fuel dollar spent. the exact payback period for your installation will depend on local
                        fuel costs and the number of hours of usage.


advantages
                    depending on fuel type, temperatures, flow size requirements, performance and specification, cain
                    industries can propose a specific cost effective exchanger to economize your fuel bills. listed
                    below are just a few design features which clearly speak for themselves and far exceed the
                    capabilities of other economizer manufacturers:
                    
internal stainless steel exhaust bypass for stack
                                corrosion control, tempering exit temperatures and/or protection against exhaust
                                backpressure buildup due to fouling.
stainless steel hinged access doors for ease of routine
                                inspection and/or cleaning.
quick release adjustable tension latches requiring no
                                tools to open access doors.
five types of available fin tube materials:

sa249 tp316 /316l stainless steel tube with al-fuse™ aluminum fin -
                                    metallurgically bonded
sa249 tp316 /316l stainless steel tube with 304 or 316 stainless steel fin - nickel
                                    braze/welded*
sa249 tp316 /316l stainless steel tube with carbon steel fin - nickel braze/welded*
                                
sa789 s31803 alloy 2205 duplex stainless steel tube with al-fuse™ aluminum fin
                                    - metallurgically bonded
sa178 gr.a carbon steel tube with carbon steel fin - nickel braze/welded*

*nickel clad available
click here for additional fin tubing information.

no weld/removable tubes with no pressure welds in the gas
                                stream make for easy tube replacement.
round or rectangular design configurations as standard
                                model selections.
custom computer design for special multiple order oem
                                requirements.

pressure vessel & boiler certifications

asme certificate of authorization: u stamp, um stamp and s
                                stamp
the national board certificate of authorization: nb mark
                                and r stamp
canadian certification of registration: crn

optional components
                        depending on the application, cain industries offers a variety of ancillary equipment, such as
                        timed automatic sootblowers, factory insulation, circulating pumps, thermometers, remote
                        indicating controllers, modulating damper actuators and stack-to-economizer transitions to meet
                        the needs of each specific installation.
free savings analysis study
                        upon review of your application, you can expect our proposal within 48 hours. it will include
                        professionally engineered details showing equipment costs, savings analysis, computer-generated
                        economizer performance, cad dimensional drawings, flow schematics, warranty and performance
                        guarantee.
ease of installation
                        the selection of a cain industries economizer results in the most economical design to install
                        and maintain. design advantages such as compactness and lightweight construction allow for
                        installation at the very lowest cost.
guaranteed performance
                        all economizers are guaranteed to meet or exceed the anticipated performance specification.







global heat recovery markets and related product lines
exhaust heat recovery for boilers
                        industrial heat exchangers that transfer boiler exhaust heat to water, glycol and other thermal
                        fluid heat sinks:
rectangular tube recovery economizers -
                            rtr |
                        fin coil recovery economizers - fcr
                        |
                        energy manager economizers - em |
                        single stage condensing
                            economizers - cxl |
                        two stage condensing economizers -
                            dxl
boiler economizer rfq

exhaust heat recovery for gas and diesel engine
                                cogeneration (chp) systems
                        industrial heat exchangers that transfer engine exhaust stream heat to water, glycol and other
                        thermal fluid heat sinks:
heat recovery silencer radial exchangers -
                            hrsr |
                        heat recovery silencer axial exchangers -
                            hrsa |
                        u-tube recovery 1 exchangers - utr1 |
                        u-tube recovery exchangers - utr
engine exhaust heat exchanger rfq

exhaust heat recovery for incinerators, thermal
                                oxidizers, catalytic converters, industrial ovens, kilns and furnaces
                        heat exchangers that transfer industrial combustion exhaust heat to water, ethylene glycol and
                        other thermal fluids heat sinks:
heat recovery silencer radial
                            exchangers - hrsr |
                        incinerator tube recovery exchangers -
                            itr |
                        u-tube recovery 1 exchangers -
                            utr1
combustion exhaust heat exchanger rfq

heat recovery steam generators (hrsg) for
                                gas and diesel engines
                        heat recovery steam generators that transform engine exhaust stream heat into primary or
                        secondary steam production:
exhaust steam generator series 1 -
                            esg1
steam generation rfq

heat recovery steam generators (hrsg) for
                                incinerators, thermal oxidizers, catalytic converters, industrial ovens, kilns and
                                furnaces
                        heat recovery steam generators that transform industrial combustion exhaust heat into primary or
                        secondary steam production:
exhaust steam generator series -
                            esg
steam generation rfq








fuel prices
















pdf brochures












heat recovery product line (.pdf)a pdf brochure highlighting cain industries
                                exhaust heat recovery product lines.
                            










boiler economizer systems (.pdf)a pdf brochure of cain industries boiler
                                economizer exhaust heat recovery systems that include models: rtr, fcr,
                                em, cxl and dxl.
                            














gas & diesel cogeneration systems (.pdf)
                                a pdf brochure of cain industries gas & diesel cogeneration exhaust heat recovery
                                systems that include models:
                                esg1, hrsr, hrsa, utr1 and utr.
                            










fume incineration systems (.pdf)a pdf brochure of cain industries fume
                                incineration exhaust heat recovery systems that include models: esg, hrsr, itr and utr1.
                            














industrial spiral finned tubing (.pdf)a pdf brochure of cain industries
                                spiral finned tubing for exhaust heat recovery in extreme temperatures.
                            
























“manufacturing waste heat transfer products to save energy”
copyright ©2025 cain industries. all rights reserved.
					po box 189 • w194n11826 mccormick drive, germantown, wi 53022, usa
262.251.0051  • 800.558.8690  • sales@cainind.com


























				sunday, february 16, 2025				
blog | 
					chp | 
					brochures | 
					plc upgrade | 
					the cain advantage | 
					heat transfer 101 | 
					energy incentive programs by state | 
					links | 
					xml sitemap | 

					cogeneration heat systems | 
                         cogeneration retrofit systems | 
					cogeneration steam systems | 
                         exhaust heat exchange | 
					exhaust heat recovery | 
                         exhaust heat transfer | 
					heat recovery steam







 
 

