ï»¿
interesting things for esl/efl students (fun english study)
























www.manythings.orginteresting things for esl students


popular links


daily study


list of menu pages

list of all sections

reading with audio (selected voa programs)

sentences



listen & repeat sentences

visit my youtube channel for hours of "listen & repeat sentences" that i recorded for the tatoeba project.
youtube.com/@interestingthingsesl.






a few other selected links

listen and repeat

sentences with audio - normal speed or slowed down
listen and repeat videos
 commonly-used irregular verbs in english
 listen and repeat english sentences
listen and read along videos
 the adventures of huckleberry finn
 the adventures of tom sawyer
 raggedy ann
vocabulary, etc.
 anagrams
 proverbs
 slang
learn a song podcast
 twinkle, twinkle little star





recent updates

these two sections were updated on 2024-04-01.

bilingual sentence pairsthe audio is by a real human voice.

tab-delimited bilingual sentence pairsdownloadable files that can be used with anki and similar flashcard programs.



these have japanese, too.


english-japanese sentences pairs with audio - selected from talpco
over 600 sentence pairs.
you can use the english audio for practicing your english. at the same time, you can study japanese if you want to.

the business scene dialogue corpus
over 800 business english dialogs with japanese translations
even if you can't read the japanese, you will likely find these dialogs useful.



google chrome problem

since september 2023, some pages on this site may not work correctly in the google chrome browser.
some pages require http, not https. chrome sometimes forces an https.
2024-04-01 note: most of these have been updated to work. however, if you find pages that don't work, try firefox, opera, safari or another web browser.
try typing one of these links into the address bar.


http://www.manythings.org/

http://www.manythings.org/daily/


if you do not see the black navigation bar at the top of a page, then that page is not working as designed.







web site description

this web site is for people studying english as a second language (esl) or english as a foreign language (efl). there are quizzes, word games, word puzzles, proverbs, slang expressions, anagrams, a random-sentence generator and other computer assisted language learning activities. even though the primary focus is for esl, native english speakers may also find some interesting things on this site. this site is non-commercial and has no advertising.
tesl/tefl teachers may want to recommend this site to their students.



voa offers some english lessons for free.
i created an index of their "level 1" lessons here.
voa's let's learn english - level 1




this page is part of interesting things for esl students.

copyright © 1997-2024 by charles kelly & lawrence kelly

