








activexperts - network server and it infrastructure monitoring

































contact info


contact@activexperts.com
31625044454


















home
products

activexperts network monitor
activexperts network component
activexperts serial port component
avtech room alert
auron sms server
eye4software hydromagic


downloads
purchase

buy now
find a reseller
partner login


help

knowledge base
contact technical support
latest news
about activexperts















activexperts network monitor 2025
runs on any windows server/workstation platform.
          monitor servers, server rooms, databases, applications, ip protocols and more.
          agentless. easy to use.
          
read more
built-in checks
download (free for small business)






activexperts network monitor 2025
seamless integration of avtech with activexperts software.
            
            monitor temperature, humidty, power, airflow, room entry and more
read more
avtech checks
download (use online avtech devices)






activexperts network monitor 2025
download now.
          easy to install, easy to use. have full control over your network servers just in minutes.
          
read more
built-in checks
download free/commercial version






previous



next









activexperts software



activexperts network monitor
activexperts network monitor monitors your network for failures and irregularities. monitor all aspects of your cloud, virtualization platforms, servers, workstations, devices, applications, databases, environment and more.



activexperts network component
activexperts network component is a windows activex/com component offering a variety of tcp/udp ip network protocols. includes samples for visual studio .net (c#, vb), vb, vc++, asp.net, asp, php and more.



activexperts serial port component
activexperts serial port component is a windows activex/com component offering serial port, asynchronous communications. includes samples for visual studio .net (c#, vb), vb, vc++, asp.net and more.



avtech room alert
activexperts is an official reseller of avtech's products and services. the avtech room alert devices and sensors are fully supported by activexperts network monitor.



sms server
auron sms server is a messaging framework to send, receive and process sms and e-mail messages. formerly known as activexperts sms messaging server.



hydromagic
hydromagic is used by survey, mining and dredging companies to perform hydrographic surveys in rivers, oceans, ponds and reservoirs. supports gps/rtk receivers, hydrographic echosounders.





avtech authorized reseller




  activexperts is an official reseller of avtech's products and services, including room alertâ® monitors and sensors.
  you can contact activexperts for product information, quote requests and purchase of any avtech product.
  for more information, please click here.
  



our customers

with more than 10,000 companies as a customer, activexperts is one of the network monitoring market leaders. 
we serve a broad range of industries, with networks varying in size from a few servers to more than 1,000 servers.


activexperts sells its software products worldwide through a network of resellers and online through the internet,
and provides software development and consulting services to companies all over the world.




questions?


























activexperts software

 latest news
 about activexperts
 contact activexperts










useful links

 terms and conditions
 privacy policy
 refund policy
 support knowledgebase
 admin resources



our products

 network monitor
 network component
 serial port component
 hydromagic
 sms server







      © copyright activexperts software bv. all rights reserved
    

      designed by activexperts development bv
    



















