





friends of t.c. steele – preserving his art, his life, his legacy































































 





















 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerfriends of t.c. steelepreserving his art, his life, his legacyabout

the friends
house of the singing winds
resources
artists in residence
friends of friends
contact us


art
news
calendar

2024 member art show
join/renew membership
member art show processing fee


visit

t.c. steele historic trail
gardens & trails
the large studio
student tours & programs
facility rental
where to stay


join us

become a friend
donate
apply for board
volunteer
my account


 


 learn about the life & work of t.c. steele with our new historic trail web app!

the adventure begins



visualize the past through the eyes of an artist

american impressionist painter theodore clement steele (1847-1926) and his wife selma moved to brown county, indiana in  1907 and established a home, studio and gardens on 211 acres of scenic terrain.  the property and its artifacts remain essentially unchanged from the way it was during their time here. the picturesque landscape of this area, and steele’s prominence, drew in other artists, establishing an art colony of the midwest.







 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




 









 




today, over 50 paintings are on display in the studio and home which steele named house of the singing winds. your experience here will provide a perspective of where steele worked and lived more than a century ago.
view more paintings read more about steele

winter 2025 newsletter


 featuring: backyard at tinker place
in this issue: letter from the bod member mark rowlands
read this issue


you're invited
keep tradition alive year-round with guided tours, art-related events and workshops led by contemporary artists.



current month
sat22feball daymary elizabeth lakin steele's birthdayfebruary 22, 1850 








 view the full calendar







	explore the historic site

 the united states department of the interior added the t.c. steele house and studio to the national register of historic places on october 2, 1973 (reference #73000029).
the national trust for historic preservation recognizes t.c. steele state historic site as one of 180 “distinctive destinations” in america.
historic homes & artists’ studios recognizes t.c. steele state historic site as one of 36 distinguished sites in the usa.
american alliance of museums accredited the t.c. steele state historic site for successfully completing the rigorous process of meeting the aam core standards for museums and peer review.
the historic iris preservation society recognizes the formal gardens as one of only three official “historic iris preservation society display gardens” in the state of indiana.
indiana historical bureau recognizes the historical provenance of the home, studio and gardens by awarding a permanent state of indiana historical marker located on the site.
learn more plan your visit



footer





	privacy & cookies: this site uses cookies to provide core functionality. by continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. to learn more, visit our
		
		privacy policy	


facebookinstagram
quick links
become a friend
ways to give
member portal
the art of steele

contact us
friends of t.c. steele
po box 1070
nashville, in 47448
usa
email us


 view complete listings of closures and tour times here.
all times eastern time zone. we observe daylight savings time.


preserving history
friends of t.c. steele is a non-profit 501(c)(3) support group of volunteers, dedicated to preserving and developing one of indiana’s most scenic and historic places. help us protect steele’s legacy for future generations.
ways to help become a friend


join our mailing list















 subscribe 






© 2025 friends of t.c. steele  |  privacy policy 
 
 




x

 


















































