    
	canadian marketing association
                   
canadian marketing association          


 









when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.

















contact us



cart
0








mycma
my profile
logout






login















membership


events calendar


cma awards


learning

chartered marketer
cma nxt
online certificate courses
training
customized training
on-demand courses
cma learning hub



perspectives

articles
ceo insights
op-eds
cma connect



advocacy

advocacy initiatives
government priorities
privacy law reform
artificial intelligence regulation
brand safety
consumer protection law
competition law
diversity, equity and inclusion
marketing to kids



resources

code of ethics & standards
compliance & best practices guides
consumer centre
maintaining standards
research centre




  














enhance your marketing credentials. become a chartered marketer
stand out in the competitive job market by becoming a chartered marketer (cm) – the only marketing designation in canada. study at your own pace in virtual, on-demand modules.
learn more















sign up to cma nxt!
cma nxt is an online platform designed to help bridge the gap between post-secondary education and a career in marketing.
learn more















influencer marketing: strategies for authentic partnerships
learn how to develop an impactful influencer marketing strategy, along with some tips and tricks to get the most out of each post.
register now















apply for accreditation that opens doors. chartered marketer financial support available
if you’re a marketer in career transition, you could be eligible for financial support up to $10,000 through digital marketing skills canada to complete the cm program.
learn more










 pause/play carousel


 previous slide


 next slide

















upcoming events & learning opportunities |  view all











2/19/2025 2:30:00 pm

feb
 19



                                            toronto
                                                    
                                                        @ 9:30am - 10:30am et
                                                    


 cma café executive networking




cma café: striking the balance - reimagining brand building and performance marketing
join david, founder and ceo of mindshape for an engaging discussion with attendees exploring key topics that are affecting how today’s top ceo’s are evaluating the balance between brand building and performance marketing.
















2/19/2025 5:00:00 pm

feb
 19



12:00pm - 1:30pm et


 online event




effective communication tips to ace any job interview
join brendan kumarasamy, founder of mastertalk, in this highly interactive and engaging session focused exclusively on mastering your job interview communication. 
















2/20/2025 1:30:00 pm

feb
 20



                                            toronto
                                                    
                                                        @ 8:30am - 11:00am et
                                                    


 exclusive experience




finding the right balance for cpg advertisers, environics analytics and miq exclusive experience
in this session, we identify key themes for a well balanced cpg marketing plan this year
















2/20/2025 2:00:00 pm

feb
 20



9:00am - 11:00am et


 exclusive experience




finding the right balance for cpg advertisers, environics analytics and miq exclusive experience
in this session, we identify key themes for a well balanced cpg marketing plan this year
















2/26/2025 1:30:00 pm

feb
 26



8:30am - 1:30pm et


 in-person event




sold out - cma talent forum
connect, collaborate, and grow with industry leaders at cma's talent forum — a day of networking, insights, and opportunities!
















2/26/2025 2:00:00 pm

feb
 26



9:00am - 11:30am et


 online event




[virtual] cma talent forum
connect, collaborate, and grow with industry leaders at cma's talent forum — a day of networking, insights, and opportunities!
















2/26/2025 6:00:00 pm

feb
 26



1:00pm - 3:30pm et


 online training




influencer marketing: strategies for authentic partnerships
influencer marketing has experienced staggering growth over the past five years. learn how to develop an impactful influencer marketing strategy, along with some tips and tricks to get the most out of each post.












  










you could qualify to earn credentials at no cost. cm financial support up to $10,000 available
the cma is dedicated to building canada’s next generation of marketing talent through the digital marketing skills canada (dmsc) initiative – financial support to complete the chartered marketer (cm) program.if you’re a marketing professional currently unemployed or working part-time – and you meet the criteria – you could earn your cm designation without the financial barrier. 
learn more

















unleash your incredible potential. become a future-proof marketer
developed by marketers for marketers, the chartered marketer (cm) designation program is designed to cater to your busy life and help propel your marketing career forward. by achieving the only marketing designation in canada, you’ll not only enhance your skills but also gain a powerful differentiator in the competitive job market.
learn more












cma nxt
a platform for post-secondary students and graduates with tools, events, networking, resources and guidance to support your career journey.
learn more












  


latest perspectives  | view all














“made in canada” and “product of canada” aren’t interchangeable
feb 05


tag:deceptive marketing
tag:standards


















adtech review and forecast
feb 04


tag:adtech
tag:thought leadership











council







understanding canada’s changing media habits: essential insights for marketers
jan 30


tag:media
tag:trends











council







embracing ai: transforming the “unsexy” side of creativity
jan 28


tag:creativity
tag:thought leadership











council







three key strategies for cmo’s to unlock customer insights in 2025
jan 22


tag:martech
tag:thought leadership


















playing defence with influencer marketing contracts
jan 20


tag:influencer marketing
tag:standards


















reimagining brand safety: how ai redefines trust in the digital age
jan 15


tag:ai
tag:brand


















 strengthening the impact of marketing on business successthe cma is the voice of marketing in canada and our purpose is to champion marketing’s powerful impact. we are the catalyst to help canada’s marketers thrive today, while building the marketing mindset and environment of tomorrow.join the cma community 





major sponsors




















    

        about 




                    about
                

our story


contact cma


board of directors


management team


financials



 

        get involved 




                    get involved
                

cma awards


sponsorships


partnerships


join a group


ceo insights



 

        cma community 




                    cma community
                

cma café


member directory


marketers respond


media


marketing job bank



 







  

privacy policy
accessibility


© 2020  canadian marketing association. all rights reserved.
        


 



we use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn more about cookies. close

                        
