







hogan's alley paintball






































play paintballpaintball infoour fields@the ridge faqsevents
                        shop online
                        service center
                        super store

hydro testing
directions& hours



                    203-238-2875









super store, service center, paintball games

                    hogan's alley does it all.  the best place to buy equipment in person or online.  the world's largest paintball service center.  paintball games at hogan's alley @ the ridge in middlefield offering recreational, tournament, and non-contact paintball games.
check inventory get service play paintball













super store shopping

                        shop online with free delivery on orders over $50 or choose free in store pickup.  we ship everywhere!  lowest price guaranteed up to 30 days after purchase on all items.








hydro testing

                        every paintball tank needs to be hydrotested every 5 years.  we'll do a visual inspection, no-go thread test, and hydrotest for your tank.  we can also swap or service your regulator while it's here.








service center

                        way more than just basic repairs!  a full machine shop allows us to manufacture our own parts and tools.  our electronics bench has the tools to diagnose and repair circuits without the needs to replace whole boards.  we can completely rebuild your antique paintball marker.








paintball games

                       hogan's alley@the ridge is open in middlefield.  5 courses offering recreational, tournament, and non-contact paintball games. best place for paintball birthday parties.   amenities include an onsite restaurant and tavern, camping, live music, and lots of other activities for the whole family to enjoy.







hogan's alley paintball is the world's largest paintball service center

            free with every gun purchase:







                                    1
                                


test drive

                                    be sure this is what you want, and how you want it setup.  we can adjust and customize on the spot.







                                    2
                                


price protection

                                    lowest price guaranteed everyday, and up to 30 days after you buy.  package pricing, combo, and bundles to save you money. 







                                    3
                                


service after the sale
routine cleanings, warranty service including parts and labor, velocity checks, are all included in your purchase price for a full year.  












new paintball field now at powder ridge mountain park in middlefield ct.  only minutes from our old location.  


learn more















store address
                
998 north colony rdmeriden, ct 06450phone: (203) 238-2875 



                    field address
99 powder hill rdmiddlefield, ct 06455                   phone: (866) 860-0208                    



                    links
                
hogan's alley@ the ridge fieldshop our online storeour hydrotesting blog









                    follow us!
                



































