




  



 

	physics department | coas | drexel university






































skip to main content














for a better experience, click the  icon above to turn off compatibility mode, which is only for viewing older websites.










college of arts and sciences








student resourcesmake a giftalumni

site homedrexel universitycollege of arts and sciences






main sections
academicsexplore degree programsdepartments and centersgraduate advisinggraduate programsundergraduate advisingundergraduate programsaccelerated programspre-professional programs:medicine and lawminors and certificatesstudent resourcesuniversity writing programadmissionsadmissions overviewundergraduate admissionsmaster's and professional admissionsdoctoral admissionsco-op and communitydrexel co-opcommunity-based learningglobal opportunitiesresearch and experienceoverviewundergraduate researchgraduate researchfaculty directoryinnovation incubatorpublicationslatest newsfaculty and staff resourcesnews and eventscollege newsevents calendarurban futures symposiumdrexel writing festivalhonors dayresearch day 2025aboutour collegeadvisory boardstrategic plandiversity, equity and inclusionstudent leadership councilsupport our collegecontact











homeacademicsdepartments and centersphysics












department of physics






department of physics



in drexel university’s physics department, faculty and students work side-by-side to explore the span of universal phenomena – from biophysics to astrophysics and cosmology, all the way down to the subatomic level in particle physics.
the department of physics provides a solid understanding of physical principles, problem solving, mathematical and computational skills, as well as broad experimental training. students studying physics have countless opportunities to conduct research as early as freshman year through drexel's renowned cooperative education program and in faculty research and worldwide collaborations.
our faculty members lead world-class research programs in a wide variety of disciplines including astrophysics, biophysics, high-performance computing, ultra-low temperature physics, nanotechnology, nonlinear dynamics and particle physics.







undergraduate









graduate






physics research areas






astrophysics









biophysics









condensed matter









particle physics









physics education research









research facilities






the drexel co-op for physics majors
through drexel’s cooperative education program, undergraduates in the physics department embark on up to three, six-month periods of employment, exploring their career options, strengthening their résumés and building a professional network in the process. physics students have worked in a variety of industries and companies — princeton plasma laboratories, the army research labs, columbia medical center, and the national optical astrophysics observatory, among others — conducting fundamental research, and working on projects that go far beyond the classroom.
learn more about drexel co-op for physics majors



“the co-op program is an awesome opportunity to actually learn about the field you want to go into... the time spent on co-op lets you learn what's actually necessary for a successful career, and helps you build a network.”edward callaghanbs physics ‘17meet our physics students



student organizations
the physics department houses two active and award-winning student groups: the society of physics students (sps) and the women in physics society (wips). the drexel physics graduate student association (pgsa) is a group of physics graduate students seeking to learn about a variety of areas of physics, including those areas that would normally lie outside of their own specialties. 

society of physics students
women in physics society
physics graduate student association


recent news


physics professor named emerging scholar by diverse: issues in higher education magazine
associate teaching professor of physics christina love, phd, is one of only 15 scholars across the country featured in diverse: issues in higher education’s 2025 class of emerging scholars.


renowned physicist and jazz musician stephon alexander to deliver 2025 kaczmarczik lecture
in his lecture, "the jazz of physics," dr. alexander will discuss the interconnection between music and the evolution of astrophysics and quantum physics.


top 10 college of arts and sciences moments of 2024
this year, students and faculty in the college of arts and sciences explored the humanities, natural sciences and social sciences through interdisciplinary research, creative projects, experiential events and more.


drexel physics phd student ariella atencio wins prestigious department of energy award
the department of energy office of science graduate student research program prepares doctoral candidates to enter careers that advance discovery and innovation in science and technology.


help icecube (again!) decode signals from outer space
last year, volunteers from the public helped the icecube neutrino observatory at the south pole classify signals from neutrinos — tiny, ghostlike particles from outer space. starting today, icecube is once again calling on volunteers to help "name that neutrino," now with many improvements and more videos.

more news

upcoming events



feb
27


kaczmarczik lecture: the jazz of physics with stephon alexander, phd




more events










prospective students
please email coas@drexel.edu or call us at 215.895.1805 with any questions you may have. we look forward to hearing from you!


quicklinks


physics help! center

drexel co-op for physics students

undergraduate research

undergraduate course offerings
academic resources & support

kaczmarczik lectures


joseph r. lynch observatory


physics room reservations


contact




undergraduate advising


paige chmielewski
senior academic adviser
korman center 297
215.895.0271 | pr37@drexel.edu




contact us
department of physics

david goldberg, phd,

department head
816 disque hall
32 s. 32nd street
philadelphia, pa 19104
215.895.2708





academicsexplore degree programsdepartments and centersbiodiversity, earth & environmental sciencebiologychemistrycommunicationcriminology and justice studiesenglish & philosophyglobal studies and modern languageshistorymathematicsphysicsdegreesfacultyresearchlynch observatoryphysics student and alumni storiesdiversity, equity and inclusion student organizationsphysics room reservationsnewseventsphysics help centercontactpoliticspsychological and brain sciencessociologycenter for interdisciplinary studycenter for public policycenter for science, technology & societycenter for weight, eating and lifestyle science — wellgraduate advisinggraduate programsundergraduate advisingundergraduate programsaccelerated programspre-professional programs:medicine and lawminors and certificatesstudent resourcesuniversity writing program






















a-z index


for media


careers


privacy & legal


contact


directions & maps


emergency information




follow us:


facebook


twitter


instagram


youtube






drexel university, 3141 chestnut street, philadelphia, pa 19104, 215.895.2000, © all rights reserved





visit us
apply






visiting us is the best way to get firsthand information about a drexel education.
visit drexel





drexel offers a wide range of undergraduate and graduate programs.  choose a level and format to learn more and apply today.
choose a level *

full-time undergraduate
part-time undergraduate
graduate
professional - law
professional - medicine 
choose a format *

on campus

go












