


building blocks for launching your small business


























resource
                    directories - legal business entities & structures


partnerships
                      & joint ventures


limited
                      liability companies


corporations


franchises


financing
                    your small business


grants


venture
                      capital; investments; angels


small
                      business loans; lines of credit


important
                    resources


small
                      business insurance


software


news,
                      articles & tips blog


terms
                      of use and conditions; privacy policy


featured
                    resource








are
              you tired of working for someone else and ready to launch your own
              business? owning and operating your own business is exciting and
              challenging venture. it takes a unique person who is willing to
              take risks to step out of the comfort zone of a bi-monthly
              paycheck. be prepared for a lot of hard work and, when you start
              out, a roller coaster ride of financial ups and downs as you
              perfect your strategies. the ride is well worth it, however.
              you'll have a sense of independence and feel pride and
              satisfaction with every deposit you make at the bank because the
              money came from your efforts and creativity.
obviously,
              the first thing that you will need to do is figure out what type
              of business you wish to create. since you'll be spending a good
              12-14 hours a day working your business, make sure that you choose
              something that you enjoy! you should also choose a business that
              matches your aptitudes.
              tickle
              has a fun test that you can take for free
              that will reveal your true career goals and talents. check it out
              - it might give you some ideas!
the
              next step is to make sure that you obtain all applicable local,
              state and federal licenses and tax permissions. on a local level,
              you will probably need to obtain a business license, even if you
              have a home office. by the way, some cities and towns have
              restrictions on the types of home offices that you can have, so
              check out your local rules. if you are selling physical goods, you
              will need to obtain a transaction (or sales) tax license from your
              state. finally, you will need to obtain
                an employer identification number (ein) from the irs.
              even though you may not have employees, many banks will require
              this information when you open your business checking account.
you
              will also need to consider the type of legal entity that you wish
              to establish for your business. for example, you might want to be
              a sole proprietor, create an llc or incorporate. your bank will
              also want evidence of any partnership, limited liability or
              corporate documents associated with your business when you open an
              account. there are many "do it yourself" legal forms
              available online. ideally, you should consult an attorney about
              what type of legal entity you should create that will shield you
              from personal liability and best serve your business goals. if you
              do not know an attorney or feel uncomfortable calling lawyers "out
              of blue" by the hunt-and-peck method through the phone book,
              legalmatch
              offers a perfect solution. at legalmatch
you type in the legal issue that you would like to have help
              with for free. you can remain anonymous if you want. local lawyers
              will view your query and then respond to you, letting you know how
              they can help, their qualifications, and their rates. if none of
              the offers are to your satisfaction, you are under no obligation
              to hire any of the attorneys.
seed
              money may also be an issue, or you may need a venture capital
              infusion when your business grows. you might want to consider
              looking for grants, which do not have to be paid. one of the
              challenges in obtaining a grant is the application and writing
              process. many of these grants have picayune requirements that you
              must meet. federal
                money retriever® (recommended by the wall street
                journal as "best of the best")
is an award-winning software package that scouts out grants
              for you, and comes with a software application that will help you
              write your grant proposal in a way that meets the requirements of
              the agency or foundation that is awarding grants. you can get a
              free trial by clicking here.
this
              website includes information gathered throughout the internet on a
              variety of topics that are geared to help you successfully launch
              your new business. interesting news and tips are posted daily on
              our "blog."
              
we
              hope this site is helpful for you, and wish you the best of
              success in your business venture.






