








residential & commercial construction | ncc builders | northfield






































































































residential & commercial construction 



toggle menu

about
commercial
residential
blog
contact
 













home 















commercial 
							residential 
							 



















constructing high-quality custom homes and commercial projects on time and on budget since 1972. 











“quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.” 



– john ruskin 






recent projects



















 







our difference 



ncc builders is committed to southern minnesota. 











we live in the communities where we build and understand the needs of our clients because we’re your neighbors. ncc has worked with local organizations such as the northfield community action center and laura baker services association. we continue to support our extraordinary and thriving neighborhoods! 


















				explore our recent projects
			

				our work
			
 







 


featured, featured residential, remodel/renovation
luxury finished basement 








 


featured, featured residential, new construction
hillcrest village 








 


featured
fox lake home 








 


featured
graves home 








 


design/build, featured, featured commercial, pre-construction
heritage bank 








 


featured, featured commercial, historic renovation/adaptive reuse
imminent brewing 








 


featured, featured commercial, historic renovation/adaptive reuse
reunion 








 


design/build, featured, featured commercial, pre-construction
seeds farm 








 


design/build, featured, featured commercial, pre-construction
keepsake cidery 




 





















 












						"they are about doing a quality job. they are also creative in coming up with ideas that can meet your needs design-wise but also trying to keep the costs down. designing and coming up with the plans is a strength. also, they are very easy to work with personally, show up on time, keep the site clean, and are interested in doing the right thing with proper construction techniques. wish i would have built my original home with them in the first place as they are correcting things that were done incorrectly the first time."					


mary bliliehomeowner 






						"when we initially started looking for a partner to build the bank here in northfield, we knew we wanted to find a local partner, and that was really the main reason why we chose ncc. … it's just been a wonderful experience. … we've been very fortunate to have been involved in the project. i would absolutely recommend [ncc] to anyone!"					


ken organvice president, heritage bank 






						"i knew i could trust ncc to get the job done at the highest level. communication was very good and everyone was enjoyable to work with. i am very happy with ncc and the finished project."					


natekeepsake cidery 






						"we had a great experience building our custom home with northfield construction company. the job site was always left clean and we were always greeted with a smile from the crew. they were very knowledgeable and had great attention to detail. we would recommend chris and his crew for any home project!"					


tami enfieldhomeowner 






						"the work involved above average security and timeliness for completion. we were very pleased with the service, communication, quality of work and follow up from ncc on every aspect of the job."					


rick estensonvice president, first national bank of northfield 




 

 

















				latest news & blogs
			
 





05feb
 


building legacy: bill’s 28 years at ncc
 categories community, employees posted on february 5, 2025february 5, 2025 
with nearly 28 years of dedication to northfield construction company (ncc), bill has seen the const...












04dec
 


a new chapter in kenyon, minnesota
 categories commercial, commercial remodeling posted on december 4, 2024february 5, 2025 
kenyon, minnesota, is celebrating a remarkable transformation as this former assisted living facilit...












04dec
 


breathing new life into the eastman buildings: a historic downtown revival
 categories commercial, commercial remodeling posted on december 4, 2024 
nestled in the heart of faribault, the eastman buildings have long stood as a symbol of history and...










 

























get in touch


			1610 riverview lane
northfield, mn 55057-3139			 info@northfieldconstruction.com 
			507-645-8975 - office
507-663-0315 - fax			 

facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
 

useful linksabout us
commercial
residential
contact
blog
 


recent posts

building legacy: bill’s 28 years at nccfebruary 5, 2025a new chapter in kenyon, minnesotadecember 4, 2024


please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 












					copyright © 2025 ncc builders. all rights reserved.				

about us
commercial
residential
contact
blog
 



 







 









































