






myspace layouts backgrounds html codes














myspace layouts backgrounds html codes 






main

decreased ad growth from cars and financial services?
these industries maybe saturated, plus are interest-rate sensitive.

bar graphs 
headlines 
pioneer report 
tree controls 

extremely low interest rates by the fed led to part two of "irrational exuberance." this was an attempt to move the economy out of the mini recession resulting from the dot bomb years. everyone who wanted a cheap mortgage got one. they then proceeded to try "flipping" to make easy, fast money. with it all drained, many are now stuck with over-priced real estate and arms.

43 things 
43 people 
profile heaven 
mister me 

cars. once again, it is saturated with all types of vehicles people don't want. many aren't making enough of what is wanted, namely hybrids. this includes plug-in hybrids which no major manufacturer offers. they want more high-mileage diesel options, etc.

overlapping text generators 
myspace generators 
text generators 
myspace text generators 

you can throw as many ads as you want at those two problems. however, it doesn't help if fundamental aspects aren't addressed. they are probably starting to notice this.
thu sep 21, 2006  12:49 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
an alternative take on a popular quote
picasso once said, "good artists borrow from the work of others. great artists steal."

network extended myspace 
myspace music generators 
music generator 
music code generator 
music generators 

these were two unrelated statements which happened to be said at the same time. this wasn't about plagiarism, internalization, or even art theft. this wasn't specifically about the every-day kind of theft burglars and shoplifters are jailed for doing, either. however, it does help maintain credibility to have a criminal record.

picaso was targetting hucksters and grifters. this includes con-artists and the irs. these are people who convince others to give them money while offering little in return. art is a piece of paper with some scribbles on it. it is some canvas which has already been spoiled. it is a cd filled with 48 minutes of senseless noise.

myspace online now 
myspace online now codes 
extended network myspace 
extended myspace network 
myspace extended network 

picaso knew something about true artists. it is something they should never forget. real art is in the money. anyone can splash some blobs of paint on a canvas and claim it "wall space"-worthy. if you convince another person it's worthy of their wall space, it's another story. if you convince them to pay thousands of dollars for something which took you 25 minutes and three cans of dulux... you are an artist. not anytime before.

navigation bar myspace 
navigation bar 
myspace navigation bar 
myspace online now icons 
online now icons 

great artists steal our pocket lining, and the pocket linings of one another. don't be fooled by the deceptive philosophy called art. do not set foot into this seedy underworld. it is criminal stuff. it is an artist-eat-artist quagmire of corruption.

the riaa treats artists the way the american mafia treats store owners. it is done through protection rackets. sony/bmg, universal/emg, and wb treat artists the way pimps treat their women. christina aguilera and britney spears treat each other like fighting cocks.

myspace contact boxes 
myspace contact table 
myspace contact box 
contact box 
myspace navigation bar
wed aug 30, 2006  8:46 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
excuses of the married cheater
you're looking for someone "younger". sure you are. you think you look the same as you did when you got married? i'd bet not. even if you do, you haven't spent the last 10 years having babies (the ones you wanted) and sacrificing your body for them.

cool cute cursors 
myspace cursors 
glitter text 
glitter graphics 
contact box 

the next time you have to have someone stitch your butt together because your just pushed a watermelon out of it, then you can sqwauk. if you ever spend 9 months with your belly stretched to obscene proportions, and manage to look exactly the same as you used to 6 weeks later, then you can complain about how she's not attractive anymore. until then, just keep your mouth shut.

myspace contact box 
comment box 
comment box generator 
falling objects generator 
falling objects 

you have no concept of what she has sacrificed to give you the children you claim to love. you really think she wants varicose veins and stretch marks and saggy boobs? get real. what she wants is a man who understands and values why she has varicose veins and stretch marks and saggy boobs. 

myspace free cursors 
myspace cursors code 
myspace glitter graphics 
free glitter graphics 
myspace contact box 

she wants a man who loves her because she was willing to make those sacrifices with her own body because she loves him. instead, you criticize and go running off with the first perky 25 year old who gives you the time of day.
fri aug 25, 2006  11:43 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
terrorism and the law
i wouldn't champion britain with respect to citizens' rights. they've passed laws which are much harsher than any in the u.s. i'm not sure they outlaw spying citizens.

many laws broken by the nsa have only been in place since the 1970's, in the u.s. the u.s. was rampantly spying on its citizens before that time.

myspace hacks 
tiny myspace layouts 
top 16 myspace 
myspace generators 
myspace background codes 

the most recent was called the prevention of terrorism act. it was passed in an ill-advised frenzy after the subway bombings. it's kind of like the patriot act.

myspace background code 
free myspace layout generator 
free myspace layouts 
tiny myspace layouts 
myspace layouts generator 

in a previous "terrorism" investigation, british law enforcement murdered an innocent brazilian electrician. they claimed he was a terrorist, which is basically the ultimate form of "breaking the law". apparently, he had the misfortune of living near a place under investigation. the police thought he looked arab. plus, he was an illegal immigrant who was afraid of the police. the police officials lied through their teeth about the whole thing after murdering him.
sun aug 20, 2006  3:47 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
myspace realities
to the girls: let's say you have something similar to "contact me" at the end of your profile. well... don't be surprised, or complain, when some creepy loser who passes for gollum messages you. i saw loads of profiles where it was a hot girl who said something similar to "if you want a good time, contact me." then, she has a blog post complaining about people trying to message her and add her as a friend. what the hell did you think would happen? you think mr. hot guy is going to come and message you on myspace? it's not very likely. if you need myspace for dates, you have bigger problems than this imaginary mr. right's penis size. much bigger.

100 free 
web space 
free pro host 
batcave 
myspace 

does myspace have stalkers? of course. horny losers + semi-attractive girls + internet connection = trouble. i think it was the only formula from algebra worth remembering. this is because you can look through anyone's profile. however, it doesn't give you the right to stalk him or her. take an extra dose of xanax if you have the need to cyber stalk someone.

tek cities 
live journal 
host pro 
xanga 
000 angels 

if someone doesn't message you or add you after contacting them, just move on. don't constantly message someone and annoy them. on the other hand, just because some new person sends you a message doesn't mean they're stalking you. it won't kill you to be friendly, so don't be a jerk, just because you can. stalkers have feelings too. that and restraining orders.
fri aug 11, 2006  9:10 pm mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
fortran history
john w. backus, in late 1953, submitted a proposal. this was at ibm, to his superiors. it described a more efficient alternative to assembly language for programming. it was for the ibm 704 mainframe computer. a draft specification for the ibm mathematical formula translating system was completed by mid-1954. 

pay it 
forward 
blog source 
fortune city 
dramatic 

while originally intended only for internal use on the ibm 704 computer, the language was eventually made available to any customer purchasing an ibm 704. the first "official" manual for fortran appeared in october 1956, with the first fortran compiler delivered in april 1957. this was an optimizing compiler, because customers were reluctant to use a high-level programming language unless its compiler could generate code whose performance was comparable to that of hand-coded assembly language.

cruise 
vista 
vista files 
cafe 150 
xanga myspace 

the language was widely adopted by scientists for writing numerically intensive programs, which encouraged compiler writers to produce compilers that could generate faster and more efficient code. the inclusion of a complex number data type in the language made fortran especially suited to technical applications such as electrical engineering.

thomas myspace 
myspace 
myspace backgrounds 
myspace backgrounds and layouts 

by 1960, fortran versions were available for the ibm 709, 650, 1620, and 7070 computers. significantly, the increasing popularity of fortran spurred competing computer manufacturers to provide fortran compilers for their machines, so that by 1963 over 40 fortran compilers existed. for these reasons, fortran is considered to be the first, widely used cross-platform programming language[citation needed].

myspace backgrounds 
myspace backgrounds 
myspace layouts
tue jul 4, 2006  11:20 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
debt securities
debt securities are typically a bond. the holder is owed a debt by the issuer. it entitles them to the payment of principal and interest. plus, the holder has other personal rights covered in the terms of the issue. these include the right to receive certain information. generally, debt securities are issued for a fixed term. they are redeemable by the issuer at the end of the term.

r3v 
limited 
yojoe 
web 
xpertz 

government bonds are medium- or long-term debt securities. they are issued by sovereign governments or their agenct. usually, they pay a lower rate of interest than corporate bonds. besides being a source of finance for governments, treasuries are used for managing the money supply. this is in the money market operations of central banks.

vvti 
forums 
legacy 
gt 
clan 

money market instruments are short-term debt instruments. these include commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and certain bills of exchange. they are highly liquid. sometimes, they are called "near cash".

odd thought 
uber 
tec 
sports 
sports card forum 

eurosecurities are issued internationally, outside their domestic market. they include euronotes and eurobonds. typically, eurobonds are underwritten, and not secured. interest is paid gross. sometimes, a euronote takes the form of euro-certificates of deposit or euro-commercial paper (ecp).

digital point 
flash 
daddee 
internet 
table talk
thu may 25, 2006  10:25 pm mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
how search engines work
search engines, on the web, store information from a large number of web pages. these web pages are retrieved from the www. they are retrieved by a web crawler (commonly also known as a spider).

mustangs 
unlimited 
aswp 
talk pets 
pets 

a 'spider' automatically crawls the web, by following every link it finds. exclusions are made using a robots.txt file. the contents of each web page is analyzed to determine how it is indexed (for example, words are extracted from titles, headings, or special fields - i.e. meta tags).

forum 
member 
ayonae 
theater 
mod 

web page data is stored in an index database, for use in later queries. some search engines, like google, store all or part of the source web page (referred to as a cache). this includes information about the web pages. other search engines store every word of every web page it finds, like altavista.

livejournal 
livejournal layouts 
xanga 
xanga layouts 
backgrounds layouts 

the cached page holds the actual search text since it is indexed. this is very useful when the content of the current web page has been updated and the search terms are no longer in there. some consider this problem a mild form of linkrot. 

myspace 
myspace layouts 
layouts 
backgrounds 
myspace backgrounds 

google's handling of linkrot increases 'freshness' by attempting to keep current whether the search terms are on the returned web page. this satisfies the principle of least astonishment. the user expects search terms to be on the returned pages, so google attempts to not satisfy this. cached pages help increase search relevance, which mitigates linkrot.
fri may 12, 2006  5:34 pm mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
fares and travel sites
hotels change their rates as often as they necessary. of course, a rumor of geo-targeting prices may perhaps be something the websites do not readily want to quash. it could possibly make many visitors book first time.

cleanup 
earth 
black cat 
game 
generation 

seemingly, the hotel industry is fast adopting some serious yield management strategies. most major websites get their rates from gds.

vgf 
forums 
mp3 
car 
jakpot 

because of this, you very easily can see hotel rates. you visit the next day to see entirely different rates. they could be more expensive or cheaper.

body 
recomposition 
coder 
rocket 
comic book 

many global chains only work with certain websites. or, they partner with gds websites. many of these websites claim guaranteed lowest rates.

advanced 
trip 
mac osx 
mah 
idle thumbs 

primarily, the problem is caused by wholesalers. their contracted rates are meant to be part of a package (i.e. not visible to consumers) to third-party websites. for hotels, this is a serious problem. it is something which is very difficult to defeat.
wed may 3, 2006  1:06 am mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article
email phishing
remarkably, i clicked a link in a phishing email. to top that, i entered my amazon password! what was in my head?

under pressure at work, there was an email apparently from amazon.com. it was questioning my account with them. for some reason, my mind was elsewhere. for me, there  was the possibility they were checking accounts which had never been used and lacked credit card details.

bright hand 
spy 
support 
sonnexh 
sonn 

i didn't enter my credit card details. this made me immediately send an email to the associates support mail. it said "so you need a credit card to be an associate now do you." there was this whole elaborate scheme in my head covering what amazon was doing. it could have been forgotting about people with accounts who never bought anything, since they were associates from another country.

neo 
geo 
bluewolf 
wolf 
three 

they called me "lower than a country bumkin" on the amazon forum. someone tried to defend me by saying remember when you were first online. my programming experience was before the ibm pc was invented! my first software was for a computer with 4k of ram. and, that was a mainframe! i just wasn't thinking too clearly.

threedy 
project09 
project 
n-philes 
philes 

the rather well-done web pages were on a legitimate us website selling stuff. i contacted the host company and they immediately removed them. the identified, rogue ip was from romania.

deeperblue 
deeper 
pc mech 
darklights 
fan bolt 

no harm was done, no credit card number was entered. my amazon password was changed. however, there's no credit card associated with it. plus, it was reset through the associates support fairly quickly.

it's just that i really believed there was no way such a scam would get me. maybe it's due to laziness. now, it's second-nautre to click on embedded links in myspace emails to see messages. maybe i'm just an idiot who islooking for a village.
sun apr 30, 2006  8:36 pm mst by pioneergold | comments(0) | email article



 
1 - 10 of 78 articles
 next 10 articles >> 




on this site
about this site
main page
most recent comments
complete article list


sponsors 




search this site




syndicate this blog site
  powered by blogeasy
free blog hosting



terms of use | privacy policy | contact us | copyright | login








