




































































press of atlantic city | news | read breaking news for atlantic city, and the atlantic county area of new jersey. the latest weather, crime, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















45°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school live



professional



betting



casino



local entertainment


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



play




lifestyles


contests



people



travel



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



press of atlantic archives



today's ads



flavor




our publications


flavor




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



manage my events



contact us



photo submissions



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

jobs

entertainment

lifestyles

public notices









45°
rain shower
























        
        
            weather forecast for sunday through thursday; snow expected thursday

a look at the weather for sunday through thursday. a midweek snowstorm could bring several inches of the white stuff. 

















        
        
            mike's seafood autism fundraiser a sea isle city tradition. and so is jason kelce's particpation.

now, in its 17th year, mike's seafood run/walk for autism drew about 5,000 people saturday, including 2,200 participants, a presidents day weekend tradition in cape may county every year.

















        
        
            pleasantville's isabella alvarez wins s.j. group ii shot put, plus other results from sectional meets

pleasantville high school's isabella alvarez won the girls south jersey group ii title in the shot put saturday at the bennett center in toms river.


















        
        
            photos ocean city's winter warrior challenge

on february 15, 2025, the second annual winter warrior challenge by the high school on the sixth street in ocean city. 

















        
        
            lauren cella helps holy spirit advance, absegami's reese downey achieves rare milestone

absegami high school girls basketball standout reese downey scored her 2,000th career point saturday, but lauren cella and holy spirit won 58-48 in the cape-atlantic league tournament quarterfinals.

















        
        
            senior guards lead atlantic city into cape-atlantic league semifinals

atlantic city — khajuan roseborough picked up some haphazardly tossed sweatpants and placed them neatly behind the atlantic city high school boys basketball bench saturday afternoon. 

















        
        
            nicky rodgers and holy spirit stun defending cal champion middle township

it took a second for nicky rodgers to create the memory of a lifetime saturday afternoon. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            mike's seafood autism fundraiser a sea isle city tradition. and so is jason kelce's particpation.


















        
        
            nicky rodgers and holy spirit stun defending cal champion middle township


















        
        
            new jersey bill clarifies that people can access the ocean or wet sand near it without a beach badge















                
                the latest



















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 





















        
        
            gallery: mike's seafood run/walk for autism




















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 





















        
        
            south jersey speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the press of atlantic city. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            see nicky rodgers of holy spirit beat middle with buzzer beater




















        
        
            watch jason kelce walks in autism awareness event in sea isle city




















        
        
            watch: holy spirit girls basketball at absegami




















        
        
            winter warrior challenge












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            scarlett fletcher leads ocean city to cal tournament win

scarlett fletcher scored 17 points to lead the 10th-seeded ocean city high school girls basketball team to a 43-38 victory over seventh-seeded mainland regional in a cape-atlantic league tournament second-round game thursday.




















        
        
            high school schedule for friday, feb. 14, 2025

high school schedule for friday, feb. 14, 2025





















        
        
            watch: mainland girls swimming wins s.j. public b title

mainland regional held off shawnee 89-81 to win the south jersey public b championship thursday at gloucester county institute of technology. 




















        
        
            absegami hires former lacey township assistant as head football coach

absegami high school hired former lacey township assistant warren smith jr. as the braves' head football coach. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            a guide to choosing the perfect prescription glasses

contributor content. choosing the right prescription glasses can vastly improve the quality of life of the wearer while also adding a stylish addition to their wardrobe.












contributor








        
        
            empowering women in business: the role of ai in professional growth

contributor content. attempting to make a name for yourself and forge your own path within your field of choice can be an exceedingly difficult and trying thing to do.












contributor








        
        
            how to calculate damages in a new jersey car accident

contributor content. were you injured in a car accident due to another driver’s negligence? an experienced car accident attorney may be able to help ensure your rights are fully protected.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            borgata/mgm resorts int'l



                                        attn: james hughes, atlantic city, nj 08401
                                    






























        
        
            j.s. goldstein funeral home and monuments, inc.



                                        6050 main street, mays landing, nj 08221
                                    



 website






















        
        
            atlantic city clerk - legal



                                        city clerk office #704, atlantic city, nj 08401
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

newsletters

contests

all access faq

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

digital marketing

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        press of atlantic city	, cornerstone building1201 new road suite 240 linwood, nj 08221
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe

























