










engagement rings, diamonds, fine jewlery, watches | monmouth county nj































































































 




1860 highway 35, wall township, nj 07719
phone:

(732) 282-1111
fax: (732) 974-0264


about us nj's leading diamond expertbentley diamond is the premiere diamond headquarters in the tri-state area, earning a reputation for the highest standards and the lowest prices in the industry.
more about bentley diamond

our business hours 
monday: closed
tuesday: 10am - 6pm
wednesday: 10am - 6pm
thursday: 10am - 7pm
friday: 10am - 6pm
saturday: 10am - 5pm
sunday: closed

popular pages 
 education
 engagement rings
 estate jewelry
 sell your gold & jewelry
 luxury watches
 the bentley experience














about

about bentley diamond
the perfect diamond
why buy your diamond at bentley diamond
blog


engagement rings

solitaire rings
halo rings
three stone rings
side stone rings
custom design


wedding bands

women’s wedding bands
men’s wedding bands
diamond rings
anniversary rings


fine jewelry

rings
bracelets
earrings
necklaces
silver


watches
estate
services

custom design
jewelry repair
we buy gold
we buy jewelry
polish & rhodium treatment


shop now
contact
 


























we offer 0% financingbentley diamond offers 0% financing for 12 months for qualified buyers. visit our store for details or give us a call at (732) 282-1111 for more information.browse diamond earrings
browse engagement rings
browse diamond bracelets
browse wedding bands
new jersey's leading diamond expert



at bentley diamond, our reputation is more precious than our diamonds.
why should you have to travel outside of your community to get quality diamonds, fine jewelry, and the courteous attention you deserve? this is the question that prompted kaz bagheri to form bentley diamond importers in 1989. since then bentley diamond importers and fine jewelry has established itself as the premiere diamond headquarters in the tri-state area, and has earned a reputation for the highest standards and consistently low prices in the industry.
more about bentley diamond
our vast collection

bentley diamond importers offers a premier selection of styles in new jersey.  there’s always over 1000 settings filling our showcases. if you don’t see exactly what you want, we’ll custom design and manufacture it in our on-site laboratory.
our expert sales professionals only use the best equipment for the diamond buying process. come in to the store in wall, new jersey, and meet with our dedicated and professional sales team to help you find the perfect engagement ring or piece of fine jewelry. engagement ringshalohalo engagement settings feature a center gemstone that is encircled by smaller accent diamonds for a beautiful and truly stunning look. 

solitairesolitaire engagement rings are a timeless classic that focus on a single breathtaking center stone. solitaires pair wonderfully with a wedding band.

three stonethree stone engagement rings represent a couples life together, with each stone representing the past, present, and future. 

side stoneside stone engagement rings place emphasis on the center stone with sparkling diamonds or colored gemstones adorning the band.


 celebrate your love 
visit bentley diamond for
stunningluxury watches
brilliantcustom design
curatedestate jewelry
expertjewelry repair
we will service all of your fine jewelry needs.view our services

















call bentley diamond: 732-282-1111 


 




1860 highway 35, wall township, nj 07719
phone: 732-282-1111
fax: 732 974-0264


business hours 
monday: closed
tuesday: 10am - 6pm
wednesday: 10am - 6pm
thursday: 10am - 7pm
friday: 10am - 6pm
saturday: 10am - 5pm
sunday: closed
quick links 
 our business hours
 frequently asked questions
 privacy policy
 terms and conditions
 conflict free policy 
 return policy

 






							copyright 2024 bentley diamond. all rights reserved. due to the constant change in the gold market, prices are subject to change.						





















your name (required)
 
your email (required)
 
subject
 
your message
 

 


 



 





















