









home - british aikido board




















 




































































skip to content







british aikido board


the national governing body for aikido in the united kingdom.aikido is a martial art founded by morihei ueshiba, that focuses on harmonising with your opponent, it can be practised as a sport, self defence and an art using hand to hand and japanese weapons.











welcome to the british aikido board








the british aikido board seeks to:-

represent the majority of bona fide organisations practicing aikido in the united kingdom.
support, encourage and promote the highest standards of aikido within an environment of mutual respect for offering styles practiced.
raise awareness of the value of aikido not only as a contributor towards healthy living, but also in the development of adults, young people and children, without regard to race, gender or creed.

the british aikido board operates primarily through its member associations. there are 55 currently full member associations with 0 associate and probationary member associations of regional and national status, who each retain their independence, both technically and financially, with a combined membership of some 5,000 , which includes 1246 instructors holding current coaching awards.
the board is recognised by sport england , as the only governing body for aikido in the united kingdom and is a member of the sport and recreation alliance.
 


join usconstitutionbab officersbab job spec'spoliciescontact us


the board seeks to further the advancement of all styles of aikido and to establish and monitor standards of safety and behaviour for practitioners of aikido.
the board advises member associations on all relevant uk and european legislation and procedures and develops appropriate policies and codes of practice.
other services provided include:-•  insurance cover, for members, instructors and associations.•  promotion of a nationally recognised coaching scheme in conjunction with uk coaching / sport england.•  organising a national courses.•  supporting initiatives to encourage the teaching of aikido in schools.•  publishing newsletters and specialist information bulletins eg. safeguarding and coaching.
the board has completed a number of initiatives, arising from the work of their major governance audit and through the adoption of a wide range of recommendations, contained in their aikido development plan will support their key objective of encouraging all aikido groups to join together under this “aikido umbrella”.


entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.
entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.

click here to see our latest news

entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.
entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.

entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.


entering amazon from here supports the bab.







british aikido board

twitterfacebookemailphoneinstagramyoutube




british aikido board


home
about 

about the bab 

contact us
join the bab
constitution
insurance
bab representatives
bab job specifications
bab policy documents
latest news

japanese sensei
morihei ueshiba
doshu – moriteru ueshiba
kenji tomiki
kenshiro abbe
gozo shioda
masahilo m. nakazono
minoru kanetsuka
t k chiba
kobayashi yasuo
kenjiro yoshigasaki


what is aikido 

what is aikido
history of aikido
aikido times

bab general documents
current insurance documents
bab (gdpr) data protection policy
assistance for aikido instructors from abroad
aikido japanese terms
aikido in schools
funding advise for aikido
equity & diversity
bab facebook
photo gallery
bab youtube channel
recognition & partnerships
bab testimonials
in memoriam
covid-19 hub
return to the dojo




associations 

associations
associations join the bab


clubs 

club search
club search – google
club search – postcode
clubs join the bab


coaching 

coaching information
coaching courses
request a coaching course
bab coaching online learning
qualifications by name
qualifications by association
uk coaching find courses
coaching manual
tutor login
tutor information


courses
safeguarding 

safeguarding general 

safeguarding welcome
what is abuse
don’t keep it to yourself (young people)
safeguarding – how to report a concern
contact safeguarding / d&b officer
whistleblowing on a concern
documents for safeguarding and d&b

allegation made against you?

association check list
club check list


disclosure & barring 

disclosure & barring – welcome
association d & b information
club d & b information
how to apply for a dbs check
the d & b single disclosure
d & b update service
list of dbs id verifiers

supporting your child in aikido
children and young people
information for parents & carers
resources for cwos
local authority designated officers




members 

search members by association
search members by name
member add own details
in memoriam
bab personal membership web app
groups join the bab


insurance







menu















british aikido board


the national governing body for aikido in the united kingdom.
aikido is a martial art founded by morihei ueshiba, that focuses on harmonising with your opponent, it can be practised as a sport, self defence and an art using hand to hand and japanese weapons.











welcome to the british aikido board, the uk national governing body for aikido, providing support to aikido associations, clubs, coaches and members across great britainwelcome to the british aikido board, the uk national governing body for aikido, providing support to aikido associations, clubs, coaches and members across great britainthe bab can no longer support any member, club or association that are using live blades during a training session as our insurance companies no longer will cover any use of live blades.
daniel easton - bab insurance liaison officer
insuranceofficer@bab.org.uknotice board notice
board







 
national gallery 2019national course 2019  gallerybab 2019  gallerylatest newslatest bab newslatest newsaikido timesbab news letteraikido times 






bab online coaching courses bab online coaching coursesthe bab has created our own elearning website where it is possible complete the online units required for bab coach level two and three.contact the bab bab associations associationsfind bab clubs clubsour insurance insurancecoaching scheme coachingaikido courses coursesbab members membersour galleries galleriesbab news letter aikido timesbab safeguarding safeguardingjoin the bab joinabout the bab aboutbab documents documentsrecognition recognitioncontact us contact ustestimonials testimonialsentering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.
entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.
entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.



click here to see our latest news

entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.
entering amazon from here before you purchase ensures the bab is supported by amazon.












if you need more information about aikido,  contact the management team.
get in touch





bab postal addressbab secretary,
the brooks,
sandwich road,
hacklinge,  worth,
nr deal,  kent. ct14 0at
+44 (0) 1304 268243+44 (0) 7860963691babsecretary@bab.org.uk
aikido times news letteryour email addressaikido times subscribe
administrationreturns system
card system
office admin
site admin
bab testimonials
bab coaching online learning
bab return to the dojo
bab covid-19 hub
bab agm voting system







copyright british aikido board. 2025 - all rights reserved.
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms & conditions






back to top





the bab website uses cookies. we assume this is acceptable, but you may opt-out .  read our policy cookie settingsaccept rejectprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept













  share 




							share						



  facebook


  x


  linkedin


  whatsapp




 
										copy link									



×

















