








columbia county property appraiser - jeff hampton | lake city, florida | 386-758-1083

















h o m e
record search / gis map
general info
tax & exemptions
forms
web links
contact us
























to the columbia county property appraiser website.  
		
		            
		            
the property appraiser of columbia county is charged with placing a fair and equitable market value on every parcel of property 
		            both real estate and tangible in our county. many people believe the property appraiser determines the amount of taxes a property 
		            owner will pay but this is not the case. 
		
		            the job of property appraiser is to value property for tax purposes.  the taxing authorities, which include 
		            the board of county commissioners, school board, city council, and the water management district, set the tax rate for all property and therefore 
		            the amount of taxes to be assessed.
		            
		            our goal is to serve the people of columbia county with outstanding customer service.
		            the information contained herein will be regularly maintained for your benefit. 
		            your comments and suggestions are encouraged, as we will continue to enhance the site's features.
		            

		            sincerely yours,







 

public website: http://appraiser.columbiacountyfla.com

                        hosted as:https://columbia.floridapa.com

phone: 386-758-1083 | email: contact@ccpafl.com | facebook:  










quick links






					• property record search




					• sales report search




					• gis map





					• ag classification




					• property tax exemptions (homestead exemption)




					• report homestead fraud




					• employment opportunities





					• contact us

















important infomation






				• notice of inital certification of 2024 tax rolls   (posted 11/19/2024)








report damage to your property caused by hurricane helene













							
														
							• 
a florida homeowner's guide: catastrophic event property damage  (update 1) (pdf)








						• homestead exemption eligibility





						• property owners bill of rights




						• need to file for an extension for your tpp return? click here for more info...



























street address
office hours
mailing address






						columbia county property appraiser
						
						135 ne hernando ave.suite 238 lake city, florida 32055
						







386-758-1083 -phone
							
						8:30am - 4:30pm (mon-fri, except holidays)
						







								columbia county property appraiser
						
							135 ne hernando ave.suite 238lake city, florida 32055
				
							
							












disclaimer

    the information on this website was derived from data which was compiled by the columbia county property appraiser office solely for the governmental purpose of property assessment.  this information should not be relied upon by anyone as a determination of the ownership of property or market value. no warranties, expressed or implied, are provided for the accuracy of the data herein, it's use, or it's interpretation.  although it is periodically updated, this information may not reflect the data currently on file in the property appraiser's office.
    the columbia county property appraiser, its employees, agents, and personnel make no warranty of merchantability or warranty for fitness of a use for a particular purpose expressed or implied with respect to the information available on this website.
    



© columbia county property appraiser | jeff hampton | lake city, florida | 386-758-1083
by: grizzlylogic (g4)







