








home - centre county youth service bureau

























































 





skip to content
















  


search for:








servicesour storyparenting & family supportstrengthening families programparenting educationdeclutterfamily group decision makingproject safe and smartbig brothers big sistersshelter & independent livingburrowes street youth havensupportive independent livingyouth centers & community outreachbellefonte youth centermountaintop youth centermobile outreachschool outreachstewards of childrendrug & alcohol preventioncourt referred servicesjuvenile mentoring program (jump)stormbreak girls group homesupervised independent livingreunificationways to givegive for todaygive for tomorrow2022 annual reportfinancial documentseventson the flyon the greenon the fieldmix & mingle with ysb2024 cranksgivingour teamleadership staffboard of directorsleadership donorsjoin our teamemploymentinternshipsemployment benefitscontact usmake a gift 












 





 

 

 

i got to build a connection
in the community while my
family was dealing with
their own issues. it made me
feel a lot less alone. 

—gamaliel “gami” sanchez, who
participated in big brothers big
sisters as a child 







 

 

 

they gave me routine. i
could depend on what they
would do. 

—valerie freeman, talking about the
ysb group home she lived in 







 

 

 

the main issue was
my own insecurity. my
parent educator provided
affirmation that i did
possess the skills to parent
my children. 

—sandra kanyamiheto-watson, single
mother of twins and participant in ysb
parenting education program 







 

 

 

i’m very thankful for the
reunification process
because when meghan asks
me questions about her birth
mother, i can answer them. 

—hillary haris, adoptive mother of
7-year-old meghan 



 



 






homewebadmin2025-02-06t11:02:30-05:00 
get your daubers ready, it is time for bingo!
ysb is hosting our first annual big cash bingo! join us at lambert hall on sunday, march 16th. doors open at 1:00 and games begin at 2:00. tickets are on sale now for $25 in advance or $30 at the door. there are many sponsorship opportunities, starting at just $25. enjoy 20 games of bingo and the option to purchase special games, additional cards, and rip tickets. in addition, there will be a 50/50 raffle, snack bar and more! questions? contact kathy coursen at kcoursen@ccysb.com. come out and have some fun while learning about and supporting our local big brothers big sisters program!
click here to purchase bingo tickets!click here to become a big bingo sponsor!help the youth service bureau craft better tomorrows for 
centre county children, youth, and families by giving today!
donateneed assistance?
call our 24/7 hotline 814-234-2100
youth and families in need of assistance can find a cata bus and call the hotline number on the green sticker near the door.
youth service bureau can provide immediate assistance or refer you to the community resources you need.
we are in need of bigs!
click here to learn more
ysb on facebook
powered by curator.io





 
 






		© 2018 centre county youth service bureau • 325 w. aaron dr. • state college, pa 16803 • (814) 237-5731	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 






 




services

our storyparenting & family support

strengthening families programparenting educationdeclutterfamily group decision makingproject safe and smart back 
big brothers big sistersshelter & independent living

burrowes street youth havensupportive independent living back 
youth centers & community outreach

bellefonte youth centermountaintop youth centermobile outreachschool outreachstewards of children back 
drug & alcohol preventioncourt referred services

juvenile mentoring program (jump)stormbreak girls group homesupervised independent livingreunification back 
 back
ways to give

give for todaygive for tomorrow2022 annual reportfinancial documents back
events

on the flyon the greenon the fieldmix & mingle with ysb2024 cranksgiving back
our team

leadership staffboard of directorsleadership donorsjoin our team

employmentinternshipsemployment benefits back 
 back
contact usmake a gift

			× close panel		








































































































































 


