


















institute for quantitative social science












skip to main content




main menuutility menusearch



harvard.edu 









7ba1562f576848c6110977b6a9d02028



 



peoplefundingeventsdesk spaceget helpsite search

 
 
 







aboutbecome an affiliatenewsmetricsroadmapsjob opportunitiesconnect with uscontactprograms & productsincubationscientific programsproduct developmentr packagesresearch resourcesclient support servicesdata science servicesiqss computer labstraining & workshopssponsored research servicesresearch computingrapidpeerextraordinary claims, extraordinary evidenceundergraduate research scholarsour impact



search 





 









	to solve society's greatest challenges by creating, preserving, and disseminating social science knowledge


learn how we do it


 











census iii of free and open source software


	the laboratory for innovation science at harvard (lish), supported by iqss, partnered with the linux foundation and openssf to identify the most widely used foss (free and open source software) as application libraries in the recently released the "census iii of free and open source software."


read more about the census iii


 




dataverse 6.5 is here!


	from the dataverse blog: the latest dataverse update includes several important bug fixes and new features including new api endpoints, ux improvements, and more.


read more about dataverse 6.5


 




dp wizard: an easy way to get started with differential privacy and opendp 


	opendp is pleased to announce the release of dp wizard, an interactive tool exploring the effect of different parameter choices, and an assistant for implementing them with the opendp library.


read more about dpwizard


 










cga welcomes new executive director dr. rachel franklin


	dr. rachel franklin, an accomplished scholar most recently at newcastle university’s centre for urban and regional development studies and head of newcastle data, will succeed dr. wendy guan in the role of executive director of the center for geographic analysis.


read more about rachel franklin


 




the need to make content moderation transparent


	content moderation ensures a safe and positive user experience on social media--but it can also exert too much control over what information is circulated and accessible. iqss faculty fellow david lazer and sandra gonzález-bailón explain why transparency is important..


read more about david lazer


 




the importance of connections: ways to live a longer, healthier life


	chan school of public health


	tyler vanderweele, loeb professor of epidemiology and director of the human flourishing program at iqss, chimes in on a conversation about the factors that improve human well-being and longevity. 


read more about longevity


 






research resources







research computing


	the research computing evironment (rce) offers you a centralized place in which to store your data and run your analysis on your own or in collaboration with other researchers.


learn more research computing


 




data science services 


	our team of phd data science specialists provides research support to the harvard community, offering both consultation and collaboration services for researchers.


learn more about data science services


 




training & workshops


	we offer specialized instruction to develop your software skills and broadening your knowledge on social science-related topics.


learn more about training & workshops


 









iqss computer labs


	the labs offer access to workstations with a full array of statistical, gis, and other commonly-used desktop applications. 


learn more about iqss computer labs


 




client support services


	we're here to help you with your software, hardware and all your technological needs including (but not limited to) computer, smartphone, tablet and printer issues . 


learn more


 




sponsored research services


	we're dedicated to supporting social scientists' research by providing exceptional services throughout the lifecycle of a sponsored project. 


learn more about sponsored research services


 


our impact




 

	investigating flight attendants' safety


	in the longest-running longitudinal study of its kind, a study by dr. eileen mcneely, executive director of shine at iqss, collected data on uniforms from major us airlines. laboratory tests found harmful substances on a manufacturer's uniforms, and analysis showed a clear connection between the introduction of these uniforms and reports of debilitating medical issues such as respiratory problems and thyroid disease. these findings provided evidence in a class action lawsuit holding the uniform manufacturer accountable for the resulting health effects.


read more about iqss' impact


 


funding opportunities






for faculty

undergraduate research scholars program


	the iqss undergraduate research scholars program is an opportunity for harvard college students to gain first-hand research experience working with faculty members all across the university.


read more about undergraduate research scholars program


 



for graduate students 

travel grants


	travel grants are available to iqss graduate student affiliates and are meant to support travel to facilitate presentation at a professional conference relevant to their research.


read more about travel grants


 



for graduate students 

research grants


	harvard graduate student affiliates may apply for funding to support ongoing or future research activities. 


read more about graduate research grants


 



view all funding opportunities






upcoming events


2025
feb
19




devin caughey (workshop in applied statistics)



 12:00pm to 1:30pm  




2025
feb
19




accurate journalism for gaza (abcd-gis / geography colloquium)



 12:00pm to 1:00pm  




2025
feb
20




odilon câmara (alesina seminar)



 4:30pm to 5:45pm  




2025
feb
26




applied stats workshop



repeats every week every wednesday until wed apr 30 2025 .  12:00pm to 1:30pm  




2025
feb
27




paola sapienza (alesina seminar)



 4:30pm to 5:45pm  




2025
mar
05




applied stats workshop



 12:00pm to 1:30pm  


all events
 
latest news




call for papers: dataverse community meeting 2025



february 18, 2025
	by dataverse staff 


submission deadline: feburary 21, 2025


	the 2025 dataverse community meeting will take place from june 10th–13th, 2025, at the university of north carolina at chapel hill, hosted at the university of north carolina at chapel hill.  the theme of this year's meeting is "expanding the dataverse: advancing innovation, building community, establishing legacy."... read more  about call for papers: dataverse community meeting 2025 





cga welcomes new executive director dr. rachel franklin



february 10, 2025
	beginning on march 3, 2025, geographer dr. rachel franklin will join the center for geographic analysis (cga), part of the institute for quantitative social science (iqss) at harvard university, in the role of executive director. in her new role, franklin will succeed dr. wendy guan and will direct all operations of harvard's largest organization dedicated to geographic research, technology, and teaching, working with professor s.v. subramanian, chair of the cga faculty advisory group... read more  about cga welcomes new executive director dr. rachel franklin 





dataverse 6.5 is here!



january 22, 2025
originally posted on the dataverse blog.


	release overview


	dataverse 6.5 is now available with several important bug fixes and new features.


bug fixes. dataverse 6.5 fixes the following important bugs, including... read more  about dataverse 6.5 is here! 

all news
 



become an affiliate


	iqss welcomes requests from scholars to become affiliated with our institution. affiliation allows graduate students and faculty to apply for funding or access iqss-based services, such as sponsored research services.


learn about how to become an affiliate


 















institute for quantitative social science1737 cambridge streetcgis knafel building, room k350cambridge, ma 02138phone: 617-496-2450email: help@iq.harvard.edu


 


 

about


metricsroadmapsnewsbecome an affiliateconnect with usjob opportunitiescontact​​​​​


	for assistance


get help


 



programs & products


incubationscientific programsproduct development


	learn more


peoplefundingeventsnewsimpartiality


 

research resources


research computingdata science servicestraining & workshopsiqss computer labsclient support servicessponsored research services


our impact


iqss supporters


 


 

b80e00feb9581d080cf21481e3ae267d

 




fd88e8821a7292374fa97567160ce79d

 




9213fe68871fba0e5a76964151c63a58


 


 


admin login 







copyright © 2025 the president and fellows of harvard college  | accessibility | digital accessibility | report copyright infringement 














