



















pink poogle toy - neopets cheats, neopets help, neopets guides and neopets freebies!













































pink poogle toy






aboutsubscribeadvertisecontact




searchsearch




articles


snowball fight guide by pendragon13
fist thing’s first, read the instructions! but if you’re too lazy to click the button, here’s a quick summary:
1) each game, you have 50 snowballs
2) to aim, put you mouse on or near the target, to throw a snowball simply click
3) do not hit a faerie, you will loose 10 snowballs
4) if you hit dieter the polarchuck, you gain 10 snowballs
all of the pets earn you 10 points in the middle and 5 points slightly outside except the meepit. this earns you double. (20 points, and 10 points.)
there are two ways of getting more snowballs. one of them was said above, hit the polarchuck. another is to type snowghettiandmeatball (when there is enough space). each gets you 10 more snowballs.
(more…)

february 26, 2024


your perfect painted neopet by karen
a guide to your perfect painted pet: step_by_step to your colorful friend:
1.first and most importantly you need to choose a pet and a pet color. if you  want your pet painted within less than a month dont set your goal on being a  paintbrush worth over 1 mill. try for something smaller, for ex: a glowing or a  strawberry fields forever paintbrush. 2.second, pick the color. you want a color  that your pet will look cool in and that youll like for a while. if you are not  interested in the cheaper paintbrushes, you may have to wait a little while.  paintbrushes are pretty easy to come by, but trading posts and auctions are the  best place. shops dont often work because the highest things can only be priced  at 99,999np. and that is pretty cheap for a paintbrush.
3. third you need to check the trading posts on how much people want for a paint  brush, or what items they want. it is not likely that you already have these  items, but playing games each day will get you closer and closer. another good  place to look is the adoption center or peoples personal adoption centers.  although this is a great way to adopt its a lot like the trading posts. you  arent necessarily going to get the pet. neopets’ new rules is that you now have  to be 4months to adopt painted or le (limited edition) pets.
(more…)
originally posted 2010-04-07 14:45:22. 
february 26, 2024


the ultimate guide to lots and lots of petpets – part one – ben100100100509notice
there are lots of petpets in the world of neo. i am a big petpet fan, so i have written this article about ten of them. read on
pet rock
yes, the first petpet well be looking at is the pet rock. the only problem with having a pet rock is a) they are not fantastic conversationalists, and b), they are always asking for neopoints. do you know why? its because they are stony broke! boom! boom! geddit? oh, never mind. hold on, thats two reasons why rocks dont make good petpets well have to balance that out with two reasons that rocks make good petpets  well err i cant think of any at the current moment, but come back to me later and i might be able to come up with something. and when i mean later i mean in, say the ultimate guide to lots and lots of petpets  part six hundred and fifty five
gnarr
a lesser-known petpet, the gnarr is known to hang around the deserted fairground. they can be won from the test your strength game, and the reason i know this is because i won one. yippee! the gnarr is a fierce fighter, and when your baby jubjub says to their gnarr petpet i love bertie, my gnarr, then little bertie would probably rip your baby  jubjubs head off. not a petpet to be messed with.
(more…)
originally posted 2010-04-07 14:44:15. 
february 26, 2024


the most exciting game there is by ryche
i started playing neopets about three months ago because a friend was playing  it. i was sceptical at first, but when i started playing it, i got immediately  hooked. the pets, the battle dome, the shops, the items, all of it, was a cool  experience and i would recommend this to anyone who wants something to do that’s  fun. one thing that should be changed is the ridiculously high prices for some  of these items.
i am a new battle dome player and am enjoying it really well, yet some of the  better items that are available are priced way to high, and that discourages  some players who are new to the game. i like the idea that there are other  neoplayers to challenge in a battle, and you can challenge other people that are  already there like the snowager (i haven’t gotten that far yet), and other  characters. if there was a way that players like me can obtain some items,  without giving an arm and a leg, then it would be helpful for all. other than  that, being a battle dome player is a fun thing to do.
(more…)
originally posted 2010-04-07 14:44:08. 
february 26, 2024


turdle racing cheats
feeding the turdles for free
it’s real simple.  all you do it put the item you plan to feed the turdle with, in the trading post.  after that go to the turdle racing page and choose the item you put in the trading post from the drop down menu.  then you place your bet and that’s it.  nothing to it.  you increase the chances of your turdle winning and you don’t lose a food item in the process. – dusty taylor
originally posted 2010-04-07 14:43:14. 
february 26, 2024



1
2
3
…
389
next page→








pink poogle toy
neopets cheats, neopets help, neopets guides and neopets freebies!




blogaboutfaqsauthors
eventsshoppatternsthemes



twenty twenty-five

				designed with wordpress 










