





sportsman fishing adventures ltd.- nootka sound saltwater fishing for halibut and salmon


























home
communicate

contact
links


company

about us
boats
history


fishing
            

calendar
packages
regulations


photos

fishing
nature


recipes

clams
cod
crab
flounder
halibut
oyster
prawns
salmon
skate
sole
trout








 







welcome to sportsman fishing adventures in historic nootka sound!
for info on a fishing charter please fill out the following fishing adventure form. we will respond within 48 hours. you may also call 1-250-650-7346. we offer bottomfish, halibut or salmon fishing adventures based on 8 hours of fishing from the time your gear hits the water.
halibut, lingcod, rockfish and salmon charters
opportunities abound for halibut, lingcod, rockfish and salmon fishing charters. sportsman fishing adventures ltd. has professional guides, all the necessary tackle, safety gear, and we are fully insured.
rich in fish, history and wildlife
read through our history page for information on the beginning of nootka sound. the scenery and wildlife will astound you! browse our photo pages for images of black bears, deer, eagles, rosevelt elk, halibut, sea and river otters, salmon, seals, sealions, whales etc. come on in and spend some time with us looking for the saltwater adventure of a lifetime in historic nootka sound on vancouver island in beautiful british columbia, canada!
successful hatchery program
the conuma river enhancement facility contributes to over 400,000 salmon return to nootka sound every year making your opportunity to catch a trophy fish better than anywhere on vancouver island! located about 2 km up the conuma river, hatchery staff along with local volunteer groups work diligently to keep nootka sound salmon escapements and watersheds healthy for future generations. the hatchery enhances chinook, chum, coho and steelhead.
there are small pip hatchery systems in place at tahsis and zeballos run by volunteers that are very successful in sustaining salmon populations in their respective watersheds. together these facilities contribute towards a successful sport fishery and allow for a controlled commercial fishery for chinook, chum and coho salmon.


 
angler ads banner exchange
 
angler ads banner exchange






privacy | sitemap | terms
© 1992-2020 sportsman fishing adventures ltd. | web design & hosting by van isle bc web solutions




