






newenglandfilm.com




























newenglandfilm.com



dear newenglandfilm.com fans and friends,
while newenglandfilm.com is no longer in operation, you can find complete backups of our site in three places:

waybackmachine
internet archive
emerson college archive collection

twenty-five years is a long time to run a business—and in that way, newenglandfilm.com has been a resounding success. it has helped countless people choose cast and crew, discover local companies, find jobs, make connections, learn about the local industry and local filmmakers, and access festival reports, how-to’s, and filmmaker interviews. we’ve promoted thousands of local filmmakers and their projects over the past two and a half decades, and we have helped support local film business and production throughout new england.
i’m pleased to report that newenglandfilm.com’s jobs page and directory continue to live on through the organization women in film and video new england. you can access their jobs page at https://wifvnejobs.org/.
in many ways, i let go of newenglandfilm.com many years ago, when i decided to get a ph.d. and pursue a new career in academia. since then, i performed a tedx talk; published books; made films; wrote for salon, ms. and entrepreneur; and accepted a tenure track job at bridgewater state university. i have many more books, films, and other projects in the works. i truly hope you check out what i’ve been up to and subscribe for updates via my website at https://michelemeek.com.
although this change feels like an ending, it is also a beginning of sorts. for myself, i hope to free up my time, energy, and resources to focus on new creative, scholarly, and pedagogical projects. for all of you in the local film community, my hope is that the gap newenglandfilm.com leaves can spark innovation by someone else—or you.
as a new england filmmaker myself, i know how valuable newenglandfilm.com has been, and i know it will be missed. it has been a good run, and i am deeply grateful to you all for being members, fans, contributors, and readers of the site for the past 25 years.
best,

michele meek, ph.d.founder of newenglandfilm.com







