

































































york news-times | breaking news | | read york, ne and york county breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story 



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


columnists



cartoon



editorials



submit a letter




sports


high school



college



athlete of the week



professional




lifestyles


movies & tv



music



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



family



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



family




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



york news times archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









6°
fair
























        
        
            york students deliver big performances in small rooms at speech meet

york high school's 50-member speech team competed in their fourth meet of the season friday at grand island central catholic.

















        
        
            carbon pipeline developer says it has 100% of route through nebraska finalized

tallgrass energy seeks to connect 10 ethanol plants to the mainstem pipeline, which formerly carried natural gas from eastern colorado as far east as beatrice in nebraska.

















        
        
            attacking a referee would become a felony charge under proposed nebraska law

nebraska referees and other sports officials say a bill that would make assaulting a referee a felony is an important step to keeping them safe.

















        
        
            nebraska ag, conservation groups slam pillen's plan to merge two state departments

nebraska gov. jim pillen's plan to merge two state agencies to form the department of water, energy, and environment ran into opposition from key agricultural and conservation groups.

















        
        
            nebraska author lynn painter loves her own happily ever after as a rom-com writer

don't buy roses for best-selling rom-com author lynn painter. extravagant gestures like flowers aren't her thing. “they are just going to die, or i’ll forget to water them.” 

















        
        
            seward civic center close to completing first phase of renovations

a $2.6 million renovation of the seward civic center is nearing completion, but additional improvements are on the drawing board.

















        
        
            the love of your life is waiting for you at york adopt-a-pet

adopting a pet not only brings love into your life, but also gives a deserving animal a second chance.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            mccool junction voters remove wagner from village board in recall election


















        
        
            york students deliver big performances in small rooms at speech meet


















        
        
            amie just: greg sharpe was a hall of fame broadcaster, but his legacy transcends sports















                
                the latest



















        
        
            york neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in york news-times. 




















        
        
            state patrol officially arrests suspect in seward murder investigation

the nebraska state patrol has officially arrested casey kindt for the death of jamie hagen on feb. 8 in seward.




















        
        
            biz beat

stuff to treasure thrift store moves downtown 




















        
        
            holt county deputy, known as a remarkable investigator, dies in icy highway crash

a holt county sheriff’s deputy died after sliding off an icy highway in northeast nebraska.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            york high school speech




















        
        
            cross county at centennial g bb




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            'for sharpie': gabe swansen's swats lift nebraska baseball over no. 16 vanderbilt

on the day after nebraska baseball lost play-by-play announcer greg sharpe, nu slugger gabe swansen helped delivered an emotional, upset win over no. 16 vanderbilt




















        
        
            nebraska's cam jurgens celebrates super bowl win with a beer-chugging, jerky-tossing week

former nebraska offensive lineman cam jurgens soaked in a super bowl win this week with an appearance on "the tonight show" and more following a breakout season with the philadelphia eagles.




















        
        
            nebraska women's basketball 'thrilled' with 'aggressive' play from alberte rimdal

alexis markowski and britt prince attract plenty of attention from opposing defenses. alberte rimdal is starting to make teams pay.




















        
        
            shatel: greg sharpe's burning passion for life will be his defining legacy

tom shatel believes a man’s legacy is how he made people feel. starting with his family. but also anyone he came in touch with. we are seeing what we already knew, that greg sharpe made a lot of people feel good and will continue to inspire.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            hunker down for winter with 12 cold weather essentials

contributor content. the right products can make all the difference when it comes to staying comfortable throughout the winter. 












contributor








        
        
            how to prep your marketing calendar for 2025 in q1

contributor content. by investing time and resources into creating a comprehensive marketing calendar for 2025, businesses set themselves up for sustained success.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            gage county clerk



                                        po box 429, beatrice, ne 68310
                                    






















        
        
            of the earth floral design



                                        5600 s 59th st ste 107, lincoln, ne 68516
                                    






















        
        
            sayler screenprinting



                                        102 w 3rd st, grand island, ne 68801
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















construction





        
        
            jensen lumber co. - ad from 2025-02-13
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


place an ad

join our team

newsletter signup

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

subscribe

contact us

submission forms

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        york news-times, po box 279 york, ne 68467-0279
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alerts

subscribe

























