


"..at least waste your time with something important."



















    
	"..at least waste your time with something important."
	
  
just a little corner of the web for me to talk my mind and you to eavesdrop and comment.





wednesday, june 28, 2006



	 
	 100th and final post!
	 
    


david on the lakesee you there..!



posted by david_on_the_lake at 6:15 pm






thursday, june 22, 2006



	 
	 another day...another dream dies
	 
    


a child is bornthe world fills with bubblesdreams...opportunitiesendless possibilitiesa 10 year old dreamingawed by the bubbles that fillthe airyour dreamsfloating higher...stilleach bubble a dreamdoctorrebbebaseball playerlawyerrosh yeshivapolicemanpainterrich guysingerkiruvprofessoras the days passthe hours disappear another weekanother yearthe bubbles slowlypopslowlypopone by onetoo late to become thistoo late to learn thatpoppopand the years go by...and you do and you tryuntil you grow old and tiredweak and retiredand you laysuspended on your hammockunder your favorite oak treeyou look up and you seea few bubbles float byin the clear blue skyyou smile and you sighso content serenelazily watching the last bubble flythe sumof what you’ve becomeand as your eyes closethe sky suddenly fills anewwith millions of bubblesas a new child...is born



posted by david_on_the_lake at 1:54 pm






tuesday, june 20, 2006



	 
	 trends
	 
    


what is a trendis it a means or an end?how can beauty  ..................... yesterday?vanish away?what is beauty?real or imagined?a car that was truly beautiful and desirable in its day sitting ugly in the garage bay.a pair of glasses that was the height of high design now hidden away thick in its dusty shrine.weren’t they beautiful in their time?they haven’t changedwe want to know that you know and they know that we have what you say and they sayis beautifulis desirableand the minutethat they stopand you stopto say sothen the new scentdisappearsand we wait and seewhat you’ll sayand they’ll sayis beautifulnextand that my friendis a trend



posted by david_on_the_lake at 10:14 pm






friday, june 16, 2006



	 
	 true love
	 
    


l’cha dodi...likraas kalahevery week...i dance for youi dance with joyi dance with shameevery week you find melaying in the mudyou lift meembrace memy mind cannot fathomso my heart takes over..your loveyour love for meas you take me in you armsi hold youmold you to meyou hold me...kiss mea tear escapes frommy heartas i whisper..it’s you i loveyou’re my one and onlyyou whisper back..i know..i knowand hold me tighter stilli try to commit to memorythe sweetness of your lipsthe scent of rosesi look into your eyes and i promisei promise to love you and no otherplease let me feel you this intenselyevery minute...every momenthoping deep downthat you won’t have to come looking for menext week..that i won’t have to avert my eyesin shameas you lift me from the mud...into your arms..good shabbos



posted by david_on_the_lake at 1:41 pm






tuesday, june 13, 2006



	 
	 please remember me...20th of sivan
	 
    


kolymaya, ukraine  20th sivan 5449 (1689)watching my zeidie shuffle into the room on one leg and a stick settling into his favorite chair at the window. the room and house bare of food and provisions. his ever sad eyes staring into the distance..the steppes..rolling hills..tattered village.those eyes that have been witness to the greatest tragedy that has befallen us since the destruction of jerusalem 1500 years ago. the glorious communities of poland, galitzia, volhynia, ukraine and lithuania. by invitation of casimir the great the jews prospered here for 300 years. we enjoyed unparalleled freedom and peace. our rabbis organized a sweeping pseudo-government that enjoyed almost complete autonomy. the council of the four lands made sure everyone was taken care of, settled all court cases and was led by the greatest leaders of their time including the taz and the shach. all this came to a shattering and devastating end in 1648-1649. we’re still so stunned that it’s difficult to comprehend. in the year 1648 ukranian cossacks organized a militia under the rabid anti-semite bogdan chmelniecki. they came sweeping in from the eastern steppes like a sudden dark thunderstorm in midday. the attacks against the jews began almost immediately and thus 2 years of hell began. these years have been come to be known as tach v’tat. the cossacks were fierce warriors and were expert horse riders. they came thundering in to a town on their swift and powerful horses, swords drawn and overwhelmed the defenseless jews. the drunken shouts, terrified screams another child murdered another girl rapedafter 2 years the incomprehensible number stares us in the face.300,000.300,000 men women and children killed. every single one stabbed or pierced to death.tens of thousands of our sisters, mothers and daughters brutally raped.entire villages wiped out. desolate.entire regions reduced to poverty..starvation.a lone violinist tries to capture the sadness the grief..the solitude.how does one bury ones entire family?how does one pick up the pieces?with the joyful memories haunting us in the hollowness of the empty children’s room.sure during the crusades we’d suffered a few hundred here..a few hundred there...during other troublesome times..there have been massacres.but never on this scale...the council is meeting this week in zhitomir down the road.they’ve decided to institute a day of remembrance and prayer.every year on the 20th of sivan jews will gather and say special selichos composed for the occasion and fast.there were those that were against it on the argument that who needs a special day..how can we ever forget what happened?there were those that argued that it won’t help. it’ll be forgotten in another few generations anyhow. perhaps a worse tragedy will befall us g-d have mercy.so i sit and watch my zeidy and wonder what’s causing that tear to slowly roll down his cheek.is it memories of his parents being killed in front of him?of his infant son?of his beautiful sister who committed suicide after 2 weeks of violation and humiliation?40 years have passed since 1649 and the last survivors are passing on swiftly..on to a better place to rejoin the 300,000 that await them.who will bear witness to what happened?will future generations remember?remember our tragedy?_____________this friday is the 20th of sivan. please spare one moment to remember tach vtat. our grandparents and their tragedy.let’s hope in 200 years from now (if g-d forbid moshicach hasn't come) our great-granchildren won’t be here pleading to spare a moment to remember the holocaust.



posted by david_on_the_lake at 9:45 pm






sunday, june 11, 2006



	 
	 yeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaw!
	 
    


here i am cruising down the road on friday when suddenly this car just rolls right through a stop sign and crosses my path. i had no time to swerve or stop and i smashed right into her side spinning her car around. it happened so fast yet so sloooow freeze frame...the moment when you internalize ...”i’m about to crash”to the shattering glass twisting metal screeching tire sound and sensation...my car ended up in someone’s front yard windshield and other windows shattered..i got out and angrily confronted this black woman..you idiot*..idiot! didn’t you see the stop sign??totally disoriented but feeling fine...i called my wife to tell her i’m fine.next thing i know..the cops are there. she admits that she didn’t see the stop sign.i feel a tap on my shoulder it’s a paramedic asking if i’m the driver of that car...i answer affirmatively and they tell me not to move. my neck is stabilized a board is pressed to my back and i’m swept off my feet. i protest in vain...my poor wife expecting to find a small fender bender sees a cacophony of flashing lights and her husband being lifted into the back of an ambulance.suddenly i wasn’t feeling so good. for a split second i was even thinking..wouldn’t it be ironic to die 2 days after my 2045 post?if i died would anyone in bloggosphere know? would they just assume i decided to stop blogging?thank g-d i was released 2 hours later..and i’m fine.the crazy thing about the crash was..it was alot of fun!the airbag opened and i didn’t feel a thing. it was quite the thrill.the feeling of crashing..smashing...but this invisible force field around you that cushions you from hitting anything.this aint’ your parents car crash.*name changed to protect identity.



posted by david_on_the_lake at 4:44 pm






wednesday, june 07, 2006



	 
	 june 7, 2045. a look back
	 
    


june 7, 2045 just got back from the doctor. my arthritis has really been acting up again.wow it’s been 40 years! time to reflect a little...a quick look around the blogosphere....ahhh remember those innocent early days of blogging? the days when we actually had to read the blogs word for word instead of having them zipped into your brains? when we had to suffer through annoying anonymous comments without being able to zap their writers to oblivion.it’s so cute to see all the new generations of bloggers coming and going over the years..but the first generation is still king.who would’ve believed back then..that frum girl would be a multi millionaire from her alice in wonderland/cinderella movie series?that social worker/mom /grandmom would be showing her paintings at moma? remember her first cove painting?that toronto pearlie would be such a famous author..?zenjew, turquoiseblue and genendy have all held the prestigious poet laureate post.how long has it been since the parliament in the uk amended the rules to allow a us born citizen to be queen clearing the way for kasambas ascension to the throne?35 years since we were all arrested at anonym00kies over the top wedding...at 4am.how long since afraid girl became courageous woman?its been 22 years since nobody became somebody (and 5 since she admitted she loves poetry).tuesdayswishes..have come true..and she's moved on to wednesday..11 years since open up has closed up.mata hari has become the first orthodox woman ceo of a fortune 500 company.btw...your family looks great on the cover of time.25 years since moiy got the word “teh” into the english language (btw..happy 63rd and happy 144th to your neighbor).theonlywayiknow has finally admitted that she knows other ways...10 years since i discovered that the new incredible rebbitzen at our shul is none other then ayala.lakewood venter is complaining that he’s not being let into lakewood courtyard assisted living home because rumour has it...he goes to bingo games.chaverah has come back after 40 years..remember her?browneyedgirl spotted a hottie being wheeled down the boardwalk.great post today by also a chussid explaining the 16 different splinter groups of satmar.on a positive note the fda has finally approved a viagra for women pill, which dating master jerusalem slipped into his wifes drink a few weeks ago...they haven’t been seen since.wow great post today by jewishbeforehuman.a working girl..moved to the states..i convinced her to change that title as it can have other connotations here in the states.a frum idealist is still an idealist..incredible considering what we’ve been through.the pragmatician has long since given up being pragmatic.eishet chayil is truly an eishet chayil and mother.sarah has posted phenomenal pictures of cells inside a rose petal.lvnsm is taking a break..(this time for real).barbara has finally crossed that verge of thinking threshold....she’s no longer a verge-en.yy has just released his newest music list..wow love that new song by sean preston federline spears. i just read a report saying that his phenomenal voice can be attributed to a re-alignment of his vocal chords that can only occur when dropped at a very young age.stacey i know you’re approaching 80 but you still look and write like a youngster.masmida i finally found that ushpizin dvd...and....i saw a dvd  player at the antique store down the block..if you’re interested let me know.southernyid loves his new farm in oklahoma, part of his never ending quest to live in the smallest most out of town community possible.karl and shoppy are about to celebrate their 39th anniversary. who could forget the 30th bash we threw for them?..our very own blog couple....they’re so happy out on their gorgeous yacht in the atlantic.bueno. tengo que ir ahora.. mi grandkids aquí deberá visitar.. yup 17 years since spanish became our official language....it’s kinda growing on me..adios.



posted by david_on_the_lake at 8:42 pm






monday, june 05, 2006



	 
	 empty room
	 
    


empty room..gaudybiggaudyhaughtyshe stands over her preciousprotecting herwatching overwindows all aroundnot a soundfaces pressed to the paneinsaneintense gazessiblings..grandparents..principals..teachers..rebbeimfaces..presence...the room..the airthickunsafe..unfitfor your little lungs..must shield herdon’t fight..don’t fight it..it worked for your sistersshhh stop.....its for your good..mommy stop..i can’t breathewhy are you so difficult..?cant you see i’m protecting you..?ziesskeit..look at this air..stop..just a little more...shhhall those eyes..thru the dusty air..strugglingmommy...stop...you’re hurting me..you’re smothering me...shhhh...stopshhh..anxiously..oh hashem....pinning her...please just a few more minutesyearsmom stopi can’t fucking breathegaspthe eyes disappear one by one..shaking their heads..leavingsmudge marks on the panethe painexhausted..just goin disgust...



posted by david_on_the_lake at 4:06 pm






wednesday, may 31, 2006



	 
	 dawn
	 
    


surging mass through the narrow stone streets ..brothers and sisters hurrying hushed murmur..scurryingpre dawn darkness...pulled magnetically toward the holiest spot on earth.after an exhausting night in the beis hamidrash adrenaline pumping excited birds circling overheadthousand of fluttering taleisimswaying...praying..a white bird..circles up above..awestruckthousands of voices sephardiashkenazichassidishlitvishdatiyemenitereaching a crescendo..shma..be still my heart..impatiently looking around..for moshiach...the moment..tzur yisrael  kumah b’ezras yisrael..ufdei k’numecha..yehuda v’yisrael...then...decible level drops from loud to...absolute silence...collective sighat the very moment the sun light fights it way over the horizon lights up the sky..colors the city..goldbrilliantin the fervent silence. no different accentsone people...i look around one more time...so...sure he’d come....



posted by david_on_the_lake at 7:55 pm






tuesday, may 30, 2006



	 
	 live, love, learn
	 
    


spring..shavuos..giving..receiving...spring is a time of love..shavuos a time to learnlove...every mitzvah..is a task from him...our lovethe less it makes sense..the more love...life...the lifeblood of our nation...heart..soul...body..learn...his wisdom...attach your mind to his..this shavuos i want to...live to learnlearn to livelive to lovelove to livelearn to lovelove to learnlive to love to learn



posted by david_on_the_lake at 9:05 pm






sunday, may 28, 2006



	 
	 warning: this product may cause........
	 
    


i interrupt this blog for an important common sense announcement.a few weeks back there were some letters written to mishpacha magazine from people complaining about the fact that the magazine advertises too many luxury items..such as pesach hotel packages etc..i find it mind boggling that someone would sit down and pen a letter about this. as my granadfather always says..vuss iz dein chazzerishe bizness..vuss s’tit zich bei yennem (what’s it your chazzerishe business what the other guy does)??many blogs online complain about the fact that people are living luxurious lifestyles putting pressure on neighbors to live like the joneses.but those that can’t sleep at night..should learn some mussar..instead of complaining about all the luxuries in our communities.while talking about the influx of luxurious lifestyles...shouldn’t we also talk about lo sachmod (not coveting)?why do we always take the easy way out by shifting the weight onto those things not fully in our control?it doesn’t say thou shalt not make thy neighbor covet....it says...you...every individual shall not covet.yet we project all our personal smallness, failures on society..if you’ve ever bought a lotto ticket or heard a lotto commercial you’ve seen in small letters on bottom or heard at the end of the commercial....”if you have a gambling problem call 1-800-........”i think we should add to every advertisement about pesach getaways..luxury cars etc..”if you have a lo sachmod problem call 1-800......” and set up a 24 hour hotline for those that get heart palpitations every time their neighbor makes another extension.



posted by david_on_the_lake at 8:53 pm






thursday, may 25, 2006



	 
	 the lost city
	 
    


a quick read through the frum blogosphere will find you in various locales.in the new york area you have many bloggers in flatbush a few in boro park a smattering of williamsburg and manhattan. lakewood is surprisingly well represented and so are other towns and villages in suburbia. however there is one city that is eerily absent.if one should live his life on blogs (as i suspect many do) they'd never know this place exists.it’s a major jewish center...and yet i have yet to see a single blog written by someone from this town or about this town.it's as if there are no issues..or poets living there...this modern day virtual atlantis is none other than monsey.where on earth is monsey? anyone who has ever taken the monsey bus knows that monsey people have plenty to say.are they still living in the dark ages up there....in the ramapo hills? just something i’ve observed and wondered about.anyone have any clue?



posted by david_on_the_lake at 9:06 pm






tuesday, may 23, 2006



	 
	 subway life
	 
    


the platform fills in the blink of an eyeswarming masses exiting doors...descending stairs..they take their placesthis one...right at the edgethat girl ..behind the polea crowd gathers to watch....some out of boredomothers to enjoythe strains of a violinthe high pitched ebb and flowof the celtic tones..drawn from the bowdelicately pulled by the coal black fingersof the coal black violinist with his fixed white smilewhite glint in his eye..and white hat on a tiltthe businessman in the sharp blue suit locks eyes..with the girl in the faded jeans..forging connection..connection forging?serenaded by the surreal tones of the violinwhile the girl next to him fearfullyeyes everyone in her sightone fellow anxiously looksinto the dark voidwaiting..looking for somethinga train..?perhapsfor himthe train rumbles interrifyingly loudpowerfulanother contently reads the arton the wallslistens to the musicfor hebarely notices the train has come..to whisk him awaylook around...within 15 minuteseveryone here now will be gone this platform will be fullwith an entirely new cast of charactersas people come and go...to their destinationstrains rumble by..empty...full....new passersby..new pass you bysnew lovers ..new haterswitness to it allthe strains of the high pitchedviolin and the coal black fingers..white smile and white hat on a tilt..the look in his eye tells thousands of talesas a new crop of people fill his space waitingfor the train that will take them away..from his world..away



posted by david_on_the_lake at 8:59 pm






wednesday, may 17, 2006



	 
	 is love all you really need...?
	 
    


this week we read the tochacha in shul.moshe is goading the jews to stay true to hashem and the torah.what always bothered me was the positive (reward) to negative (punishment) ratio in this warning.haven’t we all been taught the importance of positive reinforcement?this day and age when punishment is frowned down upon and here we have 1 page of rewards and 3 pages of pretty graphic punishment.i’ve noticed often times i’ll really reach a spiritual high..i’ll daven good...feel a connection...and 10 minutes later it’ll disappear. why does that happen..?a quick peek around blogworld will confirm..lottsa talk of love...often accompanied with a resigned sigh at our inability to consummate that love..i’ve come to realize that love without fear is not worth much.if you bribe a child not to do something wrong..it’ll only work as long as the bribe is more exciting to the child than what he’d like to do.if there was no fear of getting caught or the thought of hurting someone at all...there would be a lot more adultery in the world. love can only work as long as you’ll never encounter anything that you’ll like more even if just temporarily.love can work if it’s backed up by fear. you can try goading a child with candies all days to no avail..the threat of one slap will get em running. that’s not ideal..but that threat will keep us in line.the steipler once said..the reason for cancer..is to instill fear into human hearts. we live in a time with so little fear.especially concerning our love of hashem no matter how deep and real..is still abstract.hence all the threats of punishment. we all feel our stomach tightening and chest thumping when we hear of someone young with cancer or a tumor..the realization for an instant that there is something to fear. only then can we reach the higher ideal of fear..which is the fear of ruining the love we share.



posted by david_on_the_lake at 3:29 pm






friday, may 12, 2006



	 
	 lag b'omer in meron
	 
    


darkness descendsmasses ascendone purpose one destinationone soul ..the soul of a nation..the soul of our soul revealedthe zohar..it’s an incredibleindelibleexperience2000 years ago r’ shimon bar yochai revealed the secrets of the torah..the soul of our wisdom..breathing life into generationsinto me...higher and higher up the mountain...my focus becomes clearer and more focusedinside...inside...insideinside everything outsidefalls to the waysidelook at the bonfire..at the bottom...dirty wood smolderinghigher...hot flames dancinghigher yet...sparks...soaring..thousands of sparks....filling the dark skylook higher...at every person..at every human flame...pushing into the hot sweaty...room..lifted into the air...crying..praying...breathing..soaking...then dancing..swirling...inside..inside..immersed in jews..throngs crushing the life out of me..until i too become a spark..and float high above...its all good..its all high...rabbi shimon bar yochaimiles and miles away from everything mundane..this is what its all abouti’ll see you wednesday..



posted by david_on_the_lake at 5:05 pm











about me

name:  david_on_the_lake 
location:  lakewood, nj, united states 
view my complete profile

links

my new blog

previous posts

100th and final post!
another day...another dream dies
trends
true love
please remember me...20th of sivan
yeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaw!
june 7, 2045. a look back
empty room
dawn
live, love, learn

archives

august 2005
september 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006









 









