







dale pesmen







































































































              home
            

            art
          

            blog
          

            about
          

            anthropology/writing
          

            accent/translation
          

            contact
          








































































homeartblogaboutanthropology/writingaccent/translationcontact























































  making art is a laboratory of awkward scraps, lucky blunders, unexpected tangents. it helps me explore multiplicities in myself and in the artifacts of my actions. it's a workshop for developing a sense of what differences can coexist, with what consequences. it's a workshop for growing compositions that question traditional limits of coherence.
ideals of consistency and coherence, i think, can be  unkind. 




















why unkind? well, i don't function most interestingly when i see myself as having a single, meaningful center, from which my art emerges. that centeredness doesn't help me make discoveries or my richest work. that model is a mean old one, i think. maybe we can do better.
so, since i don't believe a person is "a whole," i don't approach creating things (visual art, fiction, non-fiction) as "expression" from any kind of unitary "inside." i play with stuff, using an evolving set of skills and tactics aimed at stumbling into surprising thoughts and juxtapositions and developing them farther than would ever be possible "in my head." it's collaboration, "out there." i write about this; it informs things i make; it's how i try to teach. it's in this spirit that i present pictures in a wide variety of media and styles and stand behind the right of each human to be that diverse.    











view art  → 

  
















intro-gallery-home



intro








  

instagram

saatchi 



chicago, illinois,
usa
dale@pesmen.com


hours






© dale pesmen - 2022. all rights reserved


website designed by dijestdesigns









