
























































skip to content




menu and widgets




tags
add new tag
adoption
books
catholic church
cat piss
childhood
clic sargent
disgruntled commuter
goodies
happy new year
lil s
little s
london marathon
poo
running
ruud
snow
spouse
sri lanka
tenuous connection
valentine's day
whistler


recent commentsmoobs on le poulet noir on cathy on heather on moobs on blogroll

author on the flood plain
claudia c
flutter
kevin charnas
kim
momma has a headache
oh joy!
sweaty pants!


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 









 here i am,  blowing the dust off my blog.  it wasn’t inspiration that brought me here (as will likely now become painfully obvious),  it was fear.  email chatter suggested that the host for the site has a partnership with a company that sends out warnings that your site has been “infected” with something unspecific.  athlete’s foot,  perhaps.  either you pony up a subscription to sort it out or they lock the account.  so it’s speak now or forever hold my peace.
 i’m conscious that i am speaking to an empty room.  that’s fine.  i’m very noisy on twitter (using my real name) and i get more attention than i can handle there.  talking to you,  mr overturned chair and you,  mr threadbare curtain,  is sort of comforting.  or is it? perhaps there is no comfort in absence; specifically the absence of those of you who were once kind enough to pass by and who shared a little life with me here.  there were many times when something you said in your blogs or in a comment made me see the world differently.  sometimes they made me see myself differently.  i could pretend that the blog was about scratching some itch to write or that it served a particular therapeutic purpose but,  in truth,  it was about … well ..  companionship and camaraderie.  or,  to put it another way,  it was about love.  i’m not sure i could have said then that i loved you all,  but i did.  i do.  so if this sentiment finds its way to you – tumbling in the electron torrent of the network – i would like to say thank you.  if it never finds its way to you,  then i am sorry that i did not speak up sooner.
average rating: 4.6 out of 5 based on 223 user reviews.
[  |  |  |  - best price, fast delivery |  ] 

posted on february 16, 2025categories uncategorized6 comments on  





 
 chintz,  we love you and we miss you.  and thank you.
 god help me,  i want to say more and maybe at some point i’ll be able to.  maybe the right words won’t slip away as i grasp at them but the bitter truth is that they’ll only ever be a fancier way of saying “we love you and we miss you and thank you“.
average rating: 4.8 out of 5 based on 183 user reviews.
[  |  |  |  - best price, fast delivery |  ] 

posted on february 16, 2025january 30, 2015categories lucy2 comments on  






 this content is password protected.  to view it please enter your password below:
 password:  

average rating: 4.9 out of 5 based on 283 user reviews.
[  |  |  |  - best price, fast delivery |  ] 

posted on february 16, 2025february 11, 2014categories uncategorized 


posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 83
next page







				proudly powered by wordpress			










