









beatitude house - beatitude house


























































 




skip to content



toggle navigationhomeabout usservices offeredattachment therapyneurological reorganizationparent support / coachingtrauma recovery for adults/couplescontact us
 





beatitude housekevin2023-07-31t20:23:28-05:00 
intensive treatment for trauma recoverysafe and effective attachment therapy for adoptive families and adults
find out morewhat we offer
attachment therapyattachment therapy for adoptive families experiencing attachment issues, behavioral problems and power struggles.
trauma recoverytrauma recovery for adults/couple experiencing attachment pain and relationship difficulties.
neurodevelopmental movement assessmentneurodevelopmental movement assessment and program implementation. this neurological brain based assessment provides the client with a drug free, in-home program that reorganizes the traumatized brain through developmental movement.
parent
support/ coachingvideo conferencing available by appointment for individuals, couples, and families. we work nationwide and globally.
 a
we provide families safe and effective christian attachment therapy and trauma recovery derived from a systemic perspective involving assessment and interventions in the spiritual, emotional, and relational realms. the family is considered an integral part of the treatment team and all decisions about treatment take into account their needs, opinions and most of all, safety.
our treatment is never coercive. the goal of treatment is to facilitate positive relationship changes in the individuals and family.the beatitude house philosophy of treatment is anchored in the knowledge, belief and experience that our lord jesus christ is the ultimate source of healing and truth and that we are his instruments.
learn more

we’re on the move!
in 2018 we became mobile with an rv to allow more flexibility in the delivery of our trauma recovery intensives.we’ve left our permanent residence in north carolina and are on the move!
we now travel in our rv  tess in our quest to enjoy our beautiful country while resting from our work. our newfound mobility will allow us flexibility and to collaborate with our ministry partners more effectively.





 
 
(828) 926-5591 m-f 8-5 est
© copyright 2006 -2022 2025 |   beatitude house. all rights reserved. 


 
 
page load link

 














go to top






