




lavoie acting studio































































virtual . in person                  studio 1-503-244-0801   /   1-310-717-3300  











 home 




  acting / speaker services  




  life coaching 




   audition / job prep  




  headshots 




   lavoie studio 




    enroll  




   products 




     open for in person and virtual  as of may 2021




noactingplease.experienceonly









“karen lavoie coach’s people with the rewarding “lavoie technique – mastering your acting” which has evolved into “the lavoie reveal – manifest non-acting". the lavoie acting studio was established in 1990 by the highly-sought after acting coach, life coach, keynote speaker, author and revealer karen lavoie.” whether you are in the business of being a professional actor, for personal confidence and or creativity, the lavoie acting studio is for you!karen lavoie’s worldwide acting “technique” encompasses the human experience: “the art of emoting”, “experiencing experience – experience”, “matrix revealed” and deprograming in order to program for the “character”  ...just to mention a few. all these revealed by karen lavoie. these are not a copy or variations of other teachers techniques. oscar winning actors use them.   









   f.y.i.  a person does not have to live in califormia or new york to have an acting career!


































special 5-hour get started private acting session
one person $225.00 usd
 
























email from student: just want you to know that was the best acting i have ever seen! it was so raw and real! you have forever inspired me! - spencer j.

















link 1 of menu








link 2 of menu








link 3 of menu
















home
















personal / career




 




group




 




customized
















start here












more information







 




on-going classes




 




workshop at lavoie acting studio




 




private acting sessions




 




customized coaching




 




must read information




 




public and corporate speaking




 




not just for acting




 




career consultation




 




acting clips for marketing




 




on-line virtual services
















bring your own copy




 




copy supplied by lavoie




 




taped auditions
















headshot packages by karen lavoie




 




headshot session customized




 




headshot examples
















enroll
















about karen lavoie




 




map_directions




 




contact lavoie studio




 




videos




 




testimonials




 




faq
















acting workbook by karen lavoie




 




gift certificates  - lavoie studio
















enroll today at lavoie studio












