




stress management for effective ways to manage stress













 


stress management home
stress management in workplace



stress management seminar 


stress management therapy


stress management training


teen stress	managementstress managementwhat is stress? 


understanding stress 



how to manage stresslong term exposure to stress


practical implications of stress



physical effects of stress69 stress management tips 




stress management resources 


anger and stress management





stress 
				management


stress 
				relief


questions & answers


resources


contact us


site map












 home
stress management for effective ways to manage stress									
stress management techniques and how to recognize and reduce stress, solutions to make life more positive and productive. how to manage stress and depression by using easy techniques to lead a positive and happy life. 

 
stress, what 
                  					  is it?
during the course of our life, we encounter stress, some 
                    in high levels, some in low. but what exactly is stress? it 
                    is the result of placing undue expecations or desire on ourselves, 
                    creating images of ourself and trying to live up to the image 
                    that has been created by others. 
when we compare the image of ourselves to the reality of 
                    ourselves, opposing forces are created, and our mind tries 
                    to match the created image with the current situation.
                  
 








reducing stress
stress can be made worse by other peoples expectations, and 
                    being human we always care what others think of us - even though 
                    we tell ourselves that we do not. we try to change ourselves 
                    so that we can be accepted by other people, regardless of 
                    whether or not they care. 
negative thoughts about our self image also add to the stress. 
                    we remember everything that we have done in life, but more 
                    so the negative ones. we re-live those negative moments over 
                    and over again in our minds, lowering our self esteem. 
the first thing we have to learn is that what has happened 
                    in the past cannot be changed, or erased. all we can do is 
                    take the lesson we learnt, and learn not to do it again. what 
                    happens in the past is exactly that, passed, and we must learn 
                    to live for now. 
the causes of stress
 life crisis  
                    research has proven that the experiences that we have encountered 
                    over the years are likely to cause diseases which do not 
                    manifest until later on in life. 
the death of a spouse or a truly loved one causes the highest 
                    level of stress, followed by divorce and a marital separation. 
                  
the conflicts intertwined with relationships with people 
                    close to you cause you the most stress. 
occupational stress 
                    as humans, more of our time is spent working  compared 
                    to any other awake activity. 
occupational stress is a result of a factor or a combinations 
                    of factors at work. it impacts the worker, disrupting 
                    their psychological or physical wellbeing. it can be caused 
                    by a number of factors including work overload and stimulus underload. work overload results from the burden of excess work. it may also be caused by the ambiguity of the task 
                    required of the worker. stimulus underload happens when there are not enough tasks 
                    for the worker to undertake. it can cause job dissatisfation, 
                    post traumatic stress syndrome, and increase  the level of cholesterol and the heart rate. 

 social networks disintegration
                    relationships have been proved to be one of the more important 
                    aspects of our human life, especially to our psychological 
                    and physical well being. 
thus if someone who you truly cherish passes away, your 
                    social network begins to disintegrate as  feelings of loneliness 
                    start to take over. this is because as humans, we need the 
                    warmth and love that relationships bring to us and the removal of one of these relationships can be heartbreaking.
the effects of stress
 diseases - stress has been the reason for 
              50-80% of diseases. 
insomnia - the inability to fall asleep. 
hypertension - high blood pressure, which can 
              lead to lethal complications. 
aging - research has proven that people age faster 
              when they experience more stress. 
 
stress  management every day
the word  "stress" perhaps is one of the most used terms today. everyone experiences  stress one way or another. stress is not the main concern but how one handles  it. stress is already a part of life and so the only question is how it is  managed. some go through it with flying colors while some just break down and  fall from all the pressure. managing stress differs from one person to another  but there are the basics that one can do to learn what will work for him.

  the first thing  to do is to think of the things that bring stress to one's life. there are so  many possible causes of stress. some reasons may not be easily identifiable and  so one must open his eyes even wider. there are different types of stresses.  there are the temporary ones, the inevitable ones, and the ones caused by  external factors. classify stress accordingly to know how to manage them.  knowing that a current cause of stress is temporary will give reassurance that  it too shall pass and there is no need to make it worse that it really is.  external source of stress can be easily managed as long as one knows and loves  himself. external factors can be really difficult to manage but as long as one  knows that they are the factors that he has and will never have control over  with then it can be let go. lastly, the inevitable factors are those part of  one's everyday life like his own work, family, or personality. when it comes to  stresses caused by things one cannot avoid, the change must start within him.  this is very difficult as there are so many arguments within oneself that can  and will happen. all these factors that cause stress are not easy to manage.  stress management is easier said than done but it still must be done so that  one can still enjoy his life to the fullest.

  stress  management starts with the admission that stress really affects how one lives  his life. stress management starts not when one removes stress in his life but  when he starts living with it. starting a stress journal can help a lot.  jotting down thoughts and the actions made regarding stress can help in  analysing situations and how one usually copes with stress. writing in a  journal may seem too childish and not fit in this fast-paced world but it is  still the most helpful method there is. stress is not something all negative.  those who are able to properly manage their stress have able to use it as a  driving force in living their everyday challenges. people can be stressful, and  so is work, and family, and love. stress can come when things do not go as  planned or when people oppose one another. stress happens every day and so to  manage it one must admit that there are factors that are beyond his control. if  one learns to be patient on things that opposes him then stress management will  be much easier.
 









 

quotes from the team at stress management
~ to help you relieve stress in your life ~  
 you are the master of your own  future, you can achieve whatever you wish, determination and positive thoughts will become the beacon for the path to success. do not allow fear to hinder your progress.
 terms of use
        our mission is to sustain healthy stress  free living. the information provided on this website is for self-awareness and educational purposes only. it should not be used as a replacement for professional advice in any way.
home | online stress management |
          online counselling |  contact us | privacy policy








personal stress management 


online stress management


online counselling


counselling


positive thinking


women


men


spiritual process


psychoanalysis


inspirations 


positive inspirations


inspiring stories


positive quotes





psychic solutions


depresssion


online depression help


symptoms 


facts & myths


depression online support





phobias


worry and anxiety


anorexia


living longer








psychicaccess.com



 



 copyright © 2020 stressmanagement.com.au. all rights reserved. 





