









inchoice navigation - aws foundation






inchoice navigation - aws foundation




















































































































scavenger hunt for a cause
help your favorite organization win a $10,000 prize!
imagine a world in which people of different abilities are celebrated for their unique contributions, have every opportunity to achieve their fullest potential and experience living in a welcoming community. it’s a world that requires creative approaches, changes in attitudes and an uncompromising commitment. 
that's what drives the work of aws foundation.







to celebrate our 10th anniversary, we’ve hidden 10 icons—like the ones above—around our website.
find and click on all 10 icons to earn a vote for your favorite organization.
a $10,000 prize will go to the organization with the most votes. nine others will receive $1,000 prizes!
let’s go!


good job!
you’ve found  icons.
find  more to vote!







what’s this?


congratulations!
you found all  icons!
vote now!


oops!
you already found this icon!
find  more to vote!
what’s this?











 a a
















[skip to content]


 




 







   
experience the platform
contact us
    
helping you find
the resources you need.
inchoice navigation develops and hosts easy-to-use online resources that provide people with disabilities and those who care for them 24/7 access to the programs, services, technologies, and organizations in your community that are ready and waiting to help enhance their quality of life.
inchoice navigation designs powerful tools to network with local providers, and they collect and organize descriptions and contact information into easily accessible, ada-compliant, internet-based resources. visitors and staff can quickly search your customized site for a broad range of topics, filtering down to the desired assistance. inchoice navigation  hosts the solutions and stores every source's entry, providing technical support and continual platform software updates. upon completion, inchoice navigation can license a state-specific, expert resource that can stand alone or be built as an extension of your existing web platform.
in this way, inchoice navigation empowers states to assure people with disabilities that “we are committed to being a leading advocate and resource, helping you find the resources you need.”




to learn more, contact vicki johnson at
vjohnson@inchoicenavigation.org today.



to see the inchoice navigation platform at work, click the links below.
indiana
new mexico
tennessee
tennessee tech connect

   
 
funded by: aws foundation, inc.
©2022 aws foundation   privacy policy   terms & conditions   cookie policy

   






































scroll to top









