    home - njsbdc                    
 

search for:


  search
  search
client loginabout  
about
our team
advisory board
partners & sponsors

counseling  
new business
growing business
sustainability consulting

events  
njthrives small business webinars
state-wide events

impact  
annual reports
economic impact
success stories
client results
legislative testimonials

resources  
small business resource hub
blog
press releases
podcast
press kit

contact
request counselingnjsbdc helps new jersey
small businesses growget no-cost, 1-on-1 consultation from njsbdc's business experts who work with you until you have fulfilled your business goals. njsbdc will assign business experts that will focus on key elements of your company and help you grow.







select a countyatlantic countybergen countyburlington countycamden countycape may countycumberland countyessex countygloucester countyhudson countyhunterdon countymercer countymiddlesex countymonmouth countymorris countyocean countypassaic countysalem countysomerset countysussex countyunion countywarren county

request counselingsponsored by


what we offerthe njsbdc will be the leading statewide organization in delivering business advisory services and training to established and new small to mid-sized businesses, and high-impact, growth-oriented businesses.
watch our story
counseling
whether you’re expanding your business or starting a new venture, njsbdc consultants can provide your small business with personalized guidance on a variety of diverse matters. we have the ability to equip your establishment with the resources and tools necessary in order to get you to the next level. we offer comprehensive solutions and services for new and existing businesses, as well as strategies for accelerating your growth. explore our counseling options below, and choose which path is a best fit for you.
explore counseling options →
events
reading articles and watching videos are a great way to learn the basics of business. but to move beyond this, it’s important to get the right training. with njsbdc, you have the ability to attend workshops, seminars, webinars, and networking events. in this workshops, we will cover everything from marketing and social media to financing and making business plans. our workshops and events are the best place to increase your knowledge while networking at the same time.
check out our events schedule →
resources & data
the tool kit can be used as a resource tool for any stage of your business life cycle. these seminars and training courses are offered directly from the sba.gov website and are designed to help you grow your business and succeed. this tool kit consists of resources for both new businesses as well as existing businesses.
get the tools →how it works
1request counselingrequest counseling and we'll match you with an njsbdc business consultant specific to your business needs.
2grow your businessyour dedicated njsbdc business consultant will work with you to help grow your business to the next level!
request counselingstats
counseled 15,798 clients 
(on-on-one)
delivered 59,033 total 
counseling hours
14,095 of all clients were 
established businesses
1,049 clients of njsbdc 
started a new business
sponsored 2,198 training 
sessions statewide
38,219 training 
seminar attendees
4,255 total jobs 
supported
facilitated $318,596,295 
in total financing (loans & equity) for its clients
clients generated more 
than $6.5 billion in sales 
revenuessummarized impact of the program (october 1, 2019 – december 21, 2021)what our clients & partners saynjsbdc was very helpful in taking my two year cash flow analysis and really fine tuning it. after the initial figures were piped in we then did a ‘what if’ analysis to see what changes were the most beneficial and what should be eliminated. my sbdc advisor has been a god send and a genius.”
gemma keremedjiev
njsbdc at rvccthe njsbdc professionals are great. i sat with a social media rep a few months ago and discovered many mistakes i made. last week, i sat with another consultant about facebook and she was very helpful. i learned some new things i didn’t know before.
alice marin
in his hands therapeutic massage, llc having my own two successful businesses in 40 years during these tough economic times can make you jaded and feel isolated. i have had two meetings with the njsbdc and would recommend small business owners, experienced or entering their first entrepreneurial challenge to sit down and speak with sbdc experts for their open ear, understanding, empathizing, analysis of your individual circumstances, and feedback of current best practice approach to helping you.
thom guida
preferred i.t. jobsi’m an italian immigrant with a high school diploma. thanks to the njsbdc, i’m living the american dream.
mario tommolillo
classic auto bodyi wanted to make my business explode and i met with the njsbdc at rutgers-new brunswick to direct me and show me the way. it humbles me that after 26 years of doing it the wrong way, now i can do it the right way.
jonathan wilner
harrington limousine service, inc.njsbdc was very helpful in taking my two year cash flow analysis and really fine tuning it. after the initial figures were piped in we then did a ‘what if’ analysis to see what changes were the most beneficial and what should be eliminated. my sbdc advisor has been a god send and a genius.
deidre mccarthy
advanced built structuresmy experience with the njsbdc has been extremely positive and directly responsible for the current and predicted growth of my business. the financial guidance, setting up of cost and income analysis, analyzing business decisions and possible outcomes has all taught me how to plan for our current needs and the future i hope to create. we would definitely benefit from the continued advice and guidance of our advisor.
trish glazer
glazer promosthe njbsdc team has proven to be invaluable to us. it’s true that ‘we don’t know what we don’t know; but having the sbdc there to fill that gap alleviates the stress that comes with that uncertainty. they helped us understand what to do and what not to do in various areas that helped both in managing effort and expenses. additionally, they taught us some best-practice concepts that helped us refine our work flow and product.
david zelov
kittatinny mountain farmi’d like to thank the sbdc for sending him our way. mr. bennett offered guidance and advice that helped us. he made himself available mornings, afternoons, evenings, and called us intermittently to follow up on our progress. with his assistance, tabatchnick fine foods was able to secure winning the bpa award from usaid. we want to express how grateful we are for his involvement on behalf of the sbdc. and we hope to continue to work with him for future contracts.
jason tabatchnick
tabatchnick fine foods
more testimonialsupcoming events financial statement bootcamp week 2
 february 18,  2025 ...
register → strategies to boost product sales
 february 18,  2025 welcome to "strategies to boost product sales"
join us on tue feb 18 2025 at 1:00 pm est f...
register → get set launch
 february 19,  2025 are you ready to turn your entrepreneurial dreams into reality?
join us on wednesday february 5th, f...
register → veterans: want to start or grow a business? join our mre academy program info session
 february 19,  2025 unlock your entrepreneurial potential with the mission ready entrepreneurship (mre) academy spring 2...
register → q & a with the irs
 february 20,  2025 .	online accounts and payment options
.	use online account to securely access the latest information...
register → smart business plan workshop - financials pt1 (winter cycle) week 3
 february 21,  2025 the njsbdc at rutgers-newark smart business plan workshop is offered in 5 hour increments over 4 wee...
register → recordkeeping for small business
 february 22,  2025 this workshop is ideal for business owners wanting to perform basic record keeping,
and understandin...
register → certifícate como gerente en manejo de alimentos - servsafe
 february 25,  2025 ¡certifícate como gerente en manejo de alimentos servsafe®! (clases en español)
el centro sbdc t...
register → financial statement bootcamp week 3
 february 25,  2025 ...
register → crafting the right content mix: ideas to  inspire your digital marketing- wp
 february 25,  2025 description:
this watch party will inspire you with ideas to help you educate,
engage, and build tru...
register → mercer county - conéctate y crece
 february 25,  2025 la oficina de desarrollo económico del condado de mercer, en colaboración con el centro de desarro...
register → mercer county - connect & grow
 february 25,  2025 the mercer county office of economic development, in partnership with the small business development...
register → njthrivesvee connect & inspire breakfast meetup
 february 26,  2025 njthrivesvee connect & inspire breakfast meetups are an opportunity for entrepreneurs & smal...
register → business ownership exploration & franchising
 february 26,  2025 welcome to the business ownership exploration & franchising event!
are you curious about becomin...
register → robo de identidad
 february 27,  2025 ¡robo de identidad!
¡prepárate para el evento más emocionante del año! el "robo de identid...
register → smart business plan workshop - financials pt2 (winter cycle) week 4
 february 28,  2025 the njsbdc at rutgers-newark smart business plan workshop is offered in 4 hour increments over 4 wee...
register → pilot or passenger? taking control of your business success
 march 03,  2025 join us for an exclusive leadership experience with best-selling author james rhee!
mark your calend...
register → borrowing for small business
 march 04,  2025 in this course, you'll learn why businesses borrow, where to turn for funding, and how the lending p...
register → marketing strategies for small business
 march 08,  2025 this 15-hour comprehensive overview covers the complete marketing functions of a business. learn abo...
register → veterans: want to start or grow a business? join our mre academy program info session
 march 10,  2025 unlock your entrepreneurial potential with the mission ready entrepreneurship (mre) academy spring 2...
register → understanding nj sales tax
 march 11,  2025 description:
this workshop covers new jersey's sales and use tax, out-of-state sales, and how to fil...
register → cybersecurity for small businesses webinar
 march 11,  2025 this webinar is designed to provide business owners and their management teams with cyber security a...
register → understanding personal credit & scores webinar
 march 11,  2025 most people fund their first business with their personal credit not knowing the risk it involves. j...
register → small business guide to intellectual property webinar
 march 12,  2025 if you have an idea, product or service that you really believe in, you want to protect it. the inte...
register → mercer county - conéctate y crece
 march 12,  2025 la oficina de desarrollo económico del condado de mercer, en colaboración con el centro de desarro...
register → mercer county - connect & grow
 march 12,  2025 the mercer county office of economic development, in partnership with the small business development...
register → prepárate para registrar tu llc en nueva jersey
 march 12,  2025 ¿quieres formar tu llc pero no sabes por dónde empezar?
si estás listo para crear tu llc en nueva...
register → export resources with us department of commerce
 march 13,  2025 whether you are new to exporting or expanding to new markets, the u.s. commercial service (cs), part...
register → leveraging global resources to grow your business webinar
 march 13,  2025 although the american market is considered to be large, it is not large enough to sustain the growth...
register → get up & go!
 march 15,  2025 get up & go! learn the preliminary steps needed to position yourself to open your own business. ...
register → winning public federal contracts
 monday,  march 17this all-day training course will provide growth-focused small businesses with an in-depth understan...
register → get set launch: march
 march 19,  2025 thinking about starting a business? let's make it happen!
starting a business can feel overwhelming-...
register → wen (women entreprenuer's networking) business breakfast
 march 20,  2025 behind every successful woman there is an empowering story!"the women entrepreneurs' network (wen)...
register → digital marketing with chatgpt
 march 21,  2025 description
the launch of chatgpt has received a lot of attention and raised questions and concerns ...
register → mastering your digital marketing metrics- wp
 march 25,  2025 description: learn how to enhance your digital marketing results by mastering
key metrics for social...
register → njthrivesvee small business breakfast meetup
 march 26,  2025 ...
register → how to register your business
 march 29,  2025 are you ready to take the first step toward making your business dreams a reality? we'd like you to ...
register → your guide to manufacturing: from raw materials to finished products.
 april 01,  2025 manufacturing webinar description:
manufacturing is the process of transforming raw materials into f...
register → business finance basics
 april 01,  2025 join us for business finance basics, part of the bank on your success program at truist. this intera...
register → social media principles for business: facebook/instagram
 april 02,  2025 in this webinar we will walk through the steps  of digital marketing plan creation. as part of this ...
register → microloans & alternative lending option webinar
 april 03,  2025 finding the right sources for capital in the current economic situation has been a constant challeng...
register → compliance with boir/fincen webinars
 april 10,  2025 description:
this webinar provides business owners with the information and guidance they need to su...
register → first step to entrepreneurship q&a
 april 12,  2025 first-step to entrepreneurship q & a is the njsbdc at rutgers-newark interactive webinar for all...
register → financing a small business
 may 03,  2025 interested in starting a business or expanding an existing business? need financial assistance? this...
register → linkedin: connect and engage for growth
 may 06,  2025 this session will focus on using the linkedin to establish your reputation as an expert and reach yo...
register → separating business and personal finances
 may 06,  2025 in this course, you'll learn the whys and hows of separating your business and personal finances tha...
register → food innovation
 may 06,  2025 webinar descriptions:
. food innovation : explores innovative approaches to growing a food business...
register → launching a private label product webinar
 may 07,  2025 this webinar will cover the necessary steps to take to successfully launch a private label brand. it...
register → misson ready entrepreneurship (mre) academy: module 6 - grow your business with proven strategies
 may 07,  2025 calling all veterans, service members and their family members interested in entrepreneurship:
unloc...
register → exploring business ownership through franchising webinar
 may 08,  2025 are you considering entrepreneurship as a career option in 2023, but want a proven business model to...
register → technology & business
 may 08,  2025 move over viruses, step aside worms: ransomware has the spotlight and isn't about to give it up. fro...
register → record keeping workshop
 may 10,  2025 this workshop is ideal for business owners wanting to perform basic record keeping,
and understandin...
register → talk tax with the irs
 may 14,  2025 .	new entrepreneur program
.	recordkeeping, definition of business income, small business resources,...
register →
events schedule
featured posts

3 types of small business loans


4 things you should be focusing on this quarter


5 amazing programs for fully remote teams


5 ways to maintain positive mental health at work


new jersey’s leading retail destination gives small businesses a leg up


how nj supports veterans in business

explore blogresourcesunlock the tools to achieve your business’s greatest potential.
blog
join the official njsbdc state office newsletter for exclusive small business news, training & events, and exclusive resources.
explore blog →
resources hub
explore a rich library of content on registering, hiring, funding and more.
check out our resources hub →
njsbdc podcast
the not so small business podcast will make you aware of all available resources as well as educate you on the latest trends, opportunities, and potential obstacles on your path to success.
listen to our podcast →find an expert counselor near you







select a countyatlantic countybergen countyburlington countycamden countycape may countycumberland countyessex countygloucester countyhudson countyhunterdon countymercer countymiddlesex countymonmouth countymorris countyocean countypassaic countysalem countysomerset countysussex countyunion countywarren county

request counselingsponsors / supporters















contact usfeedback
locationsnjsbdc state officerutgers business school
1 washington park, suite 800
newark, new jersey 07102
973.353.1927
info@njsbdc.comaboutabout
our team
advisory board
impact
annual report
partners & sponsors
press releases
press kit
site mapcounselingnew business
growing business
capital team
sustainability
request counselingtrainingstate-wide events
njthrives small business webinars
specialized training
entrepreneur certificates
event types
business continuity
online trainingresourcesblog
njsbdc tool kit
results
legislative testimonials
clients
support
success stories

podcast & webcast© 2002 – 2022, njsbdc.org | all rights reserved | privacy policyconnect with us



 







about▼aboutour teamadvisory boardpartners & sponsorscounseling▼new businessgrowing businesssustainability consultingevents▼njthrives small business webinarsstate-wide eventsimpact▼annual reportseconomic impactsuccess storiesclient resultslegislative testimonialsresources▼small business resource hubblogpress releasespodcastpress kitcontact
request counseling                 

























































































































































