



okinawan shorin-ryu karate-do








welcome to





"this site is designed to present information on  matsubayashi-ryu karate-do regardless of individual schools, sects, affiliations. lineage or martial arts politics."







display optimized for viewing with 
firefox  at a resolution of 1920x1280!






partial listing of matsubayashi-ryu karate-do organizations
specific school links can be found by clicking  here!





major matsubayashi-ryu branches...


 how many matsubayashi-ryu's are there?  a brief history of the shorin-ryu, matsubayashi-ryu style and it's various subdivisions




world matsubayashi-ryu karate association  naha, okinawa



sanchez-ha karate-do  orlando, fl


american shorin-ryu federation  apopka, florida


shorin-ryu karate usa  scaglione-ha


the world shorin-ryu karate-do federation grant-ha


american karate federation titkin-ha


american shorin-ryu karate federation governed by a board


shorin-ryu karate-do   new zealand


shorin-ryu karate and kobu-do association gardena, california





related martial arts links 
 (not all are shorin-ryu links) 







website guestbook / discussion board  enter your comments! 




new!  matsubayashi-ryu wallpapers for windows  




new!  okinawan-shorinryu.com blog  comments welcome



okinawan budokai  association of traditional okinawan karate and kobudo practitioners



okinawan karate terminology



grand master shoshin nagamine's autobiography



t-shirts, cups, etc. with matsubayashi-ryu logo


animated .gif of motubu choki sensei performing naihanchi shodan


information 
on okinawa language, culture, faqs


katas 
practiced by matsubayashi-ryu stylists with links to video 
clips of all matsubayashi-ryu katas



okinawan kobudo



okinawan karate song



renshi sam palmer  a memorial


various 
martial arts links



graphics files   shorin-ryu and other martial arts


 video clips  all styles, funny, silly but all g and pg rated 


japanese sword information and links 



information about okinawa



information about okinawa




 mission statement



okinawan-shorinryu.com is owned and operated by dr. michael cox who is solely responsible for the contents herein.

the mission and function of this web site is to inform the public about the art of shorin-ryu, matsubayashi-ryu karate.  i will gladly post links to any matsubayashi-ryu organization that adheres to and follows grand master nagamine's teachings.  however i will not knowingly link sites with instructors of dubious qualifications, instructors who are convicted felons, or schools actively or passively endorsing such behavior(s). i will not engage in, or otherwise be part of, purposeless political infighting or discussions.  i will not attack, ridicule or belittle any student or instructor. likewise e-mails directed to this site containing any of the above material will not be acknowledged or responded to.

any and all constructive criticisms and/or suggestions are both welcomed and solicited.

this web site is dedicated to two people;

grand master nagamine shoshin and the school and style he created.  

renshi samuel palmer, the man who introduced an 18 year old boy to matsubayashi-ryu karate-do and guided him with patience and understanding.

as long as i have control of this site i will not allow anyone or anything to tarnish the memory of my deceased teachers nor will i bring shame on future teachers or the style we all represent.

send e-mail to webmaster








for current central florida doppler weather radar, click here!






vendor's banner section
/>
the banners below represent various vendors approved by myself (dr. michael cox)  your patronage of them helps ensure the continued operation of www.okinawan-shorinryu.com.  note:  should you have difficulty with one of these listed vendors, after you have tried unsuccessfully to resolve any problems, please contact webmaster  (me)  with complete details of the problem.  if appropriate i will contact the vendor and/or discontinue advertising their services on this site.



 



 
one of the better internet martial arts supply stores.  i have had excellent results with them and wholeheartedly recommend them. . . .










.

.


.

.




the web-servers hosting this site - highly recommended!!!


unlimited storage!  -  unlimited bandwidth!  -  free domain name!


end of vendor banner section.



project guttenberg offers thousands of books free (as they are in the public domain.  lately there have been many of the texts in common formats such as html and kindle (again free).  you really should take advantage of them!



with the utmost respect we honor the accomplishments and lifelong commitment to karate-do, world peace and the betterment of the human condition made by grandmaster nagamine shoshin.  he left the world a better place than it was when he entered it.  one can make no greater contribution to mankind.





send comments regarding this page to












