








neponset animal hospital



















































locations:
ri animal med. ctr + 4 paws
ma animal medical ctr
neponset animal hosp.
somerville vet. ctr
wellington circle vet. ctr
brookline veterinary ctr
 












home
services
faq
careers
about

clinical leadership


contact
 


select page


  
 
 
















neponset animal hospital









 
call now
617-288-2333
or, request an appointment online:

name*email*

phone*i would like to:*

schedule my first office visit


schedule a return visit


ask a question
questions or comments:phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 



















established in 1991, the neponset animal hospital has been caring for all types of small animals, including dogs, cats, ferrets, rabbits, and birds. we’re located in the heart of boston, and also serve milton, quincy, south boston and other suburbs. as a full-service veterinary center with a team of friendly and knowledgeable veterinarians, veterinary technicians, and support staff we offer the highest quality care.  our team uses state-of-the-art equipment and administrative tools to help make each visit efficient, affordable, and pleasant.





contact
phone: 617-288-2333
fax: 617-288-9282
send email

hours
mon-wed and fri:  7 am to 6:30 pm
thursday: 7 am to 8 pm
saturday:  7:30 am to 5 pm
sunday:  9 am to 5 pm

location
961 william t. morrissey blvd
dorchester, ma 02122



services at a glance

diagnostics
digital radiology
dentistry
surgery
grooming
boarding
doggy daycare
retail shopping




facility
our facility is ten thousand square feet, with a pet supply store, and a 2,500 square foot outside play yard in the heart of the city. we also service milton, quincy, south boston and many other surrounding boroughs. we’re open 7 days a week and have plenty of off-street parking.
located at the southeast end of dorchester, boston’s largest neighborhood, we are easily accessible to many neighborhoods, towns and communities on the south shore.


lower mills
cedar grove
codman square
savin hill
harbor point
port norfolk
ashmont
dorchester heights
mattapan
adam’s village
peabody square
south boston
north quincy
norfolk downs
marina bay
wollaston
squantum
roxbury
hyde park
jamaica plain
forest hills
roslindale
milton
east milton square
blue hills
weymouth
hingham



















welcome to neponset animal hospital 








comfortable waiting areas 








convenient retail shopping while you wait 








with everything your pal needs or wants 








multiple exam rooms 








for efficient patient visits 








state-of-the-art surgical suites 








pet-friendly boarding services 








plenty of room for outdoor play 








fully trained and caring staff 








plenty of off-street parking 







since 1991 our team of veterinarians, veterinary technicians, groomers, kennel and daycare attendants and support staff provide a positive experience for you and your pet.
we utilize state-of-the-art equipment to examine, diagnose, treat and monitor the health and well-being of virtually all small animals, including exotic animals.
neponset animal hospital is a one-stop facility, combining the highest level of care with convenience, in a friendly and welcoming environment. comprehensive veterinary services include all aspects of routine wellness care, diagnostics, spaying and neutering, and specialized medical care for dogs, cats, and other small animals. professional grooming services keep your pet fresh and clean and help head-off health problems that often go undetected until your pet is showing serious signs of discomfort.
doggy daycare and boarding services give your pal safety, security and plenty of tlc, as well as provide the peace of mind that comes with knowing your pet is being well cared for in your absence. our services are rounded out with retail shopping for all of your pet’s needs and wants, including premium pet food and treats, leashes, collars, pet beds, carriers and more; you can also order by phone and arrange for pick-up or home delivery.




services in detail


diagnostics
laboratory testing plays an integral role in the early detection of changes in your pet’s health. diagnostic tests provide essential information by which our veterinarians can identify blood disorders, kidney and liver disease, diabetes, infection, cancer, thyroid disease and other hormonal problems.
our in-house laboratory provides fast and accurate information so that your pet can receive appropriate treatment immediately after arriving at the hospital. we also send diagnostic samples to idexx laboratories for routine blood and urine testing, microbiology, cytology, pathology, serology and other specialized tests. our veterinarians are able to consult with idexx veterinary specialists in several different fields including pathology, internal medicine, cardiology and radiology.


dentistry
dental disease, specifically periodontal disease, is the most common ailment affecting pet dogs and cats. it is very important you understand the impact dental care can have on their pets overall health.
an infection in your pet’s mouth is just like one in his or her kidney, heart, liver or lung. his body becomes stressed as it tries to chronically fight that infection. the infection can easily spread from the gums throughout the body via the bloodstream. dental infections are responsible for about 80% of heart valve disease which result in heart murmurs.
we offer ultrasonic teeth cleaning and digital dental radiographs that provides your pet with good oral health. as an adjunct to teeth cleaning, we recommend a dental home care plan that is specifically designed to your pet’s needs.


radiology
our state-of-the-art radiology equipment produces excellent radiographs that are extremely helpful for diagnosing medical and surgical problems as well as pre-breeding evaluations for inherited bone and joint diseases.


surgery
there are no routine procedures at neponset animal hospital. our team of doctors and surgical technicians provide an individualized anesthetic and pain management protocols for each pet undergoing surgery. for your pet’s safety, our operating suite is equipped with the latest in veterinary monitoring equipment including ekg, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, temperature, heart rate and respiration rate.
we are able to perform most surgical procedures from spays and neuters to more complicated abdominal surgeries, mass removals and some orthopedic (bone and joint) procedures.


grooming
grooming is more than coat-deep – it’s a very important part of your pet’s health, protecting the eyes, ears, skin and claws from infection and parasites.
our modern grooming facility accomodates dogs and cats, and our well-trained and experienced staff are accustomed to handling difficult or high anxiety pets. if your pet is particularly stressed or has a serious medical problem, anethesia grooming can be performed under the direction of one of our veterinarians.
proof of the following vaccinations, performed within the last year, must be provided prior to grooming (missing vaccinations can be performed onsite with prior scheduling):
 

					dogs

distemper/parvo combo
rabies/bordatella
heartworm test within last year
on heartworm preventative
fecal exam within last 6 months



					cats

distemper
rabies
feline leukemia





daycare
if you have a puppy, high-energy breed or if you just don’t like to leave your pet home alone all day, daycare offers many benefits:

exercise (most dogs don’t get enough exercise which can lead to health and behavioral problems)
attention (many dogs get lonely and can engage in destructive behavior, such as chewing on furniture, etc.)
less stress (no rushing home to let your dog out or worries about working late)
reliability (our clean, safe and secure is open 7 days a week)
stay fit, have fun, and get clean – add grooming and save $5

you can depend on our well-trained staff to give your pal plenty of tlc, as well as the opportunity to socialize with other dogs in a safe and secure environment. individual playtime, treats and group play are offered each day. dogs are supervised all day in our 2,500 square foot dog park
drop-off and pick-up times are as follows, but you can drop-off any time after start times and pick-up any time before end times:
monday to friday: 7:30 am to 6:30 pm
saturday 7:30 am to 5:00 pm
sunday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm

all dogs must be fully vaccinated and checked for proper disposition and like size. please call (617) 288-2333 to schedule an appointment.we welcome personal visits so you can see the way in which we provide a happy and healthy stay for each guest.


boarding
our full-service boarding facility is conveniently open 7 days a week. creating a safe and comfortable stay for your pet is our highest priority. our highly trained and experienced staff, and our clean, secure, and climate controlled facility produce a stable environment that you can depend on, regardless of the length of your pet’s stay. we offer a variety of accomodation and budget options, with clean bedding provided on-site.
proof of the following vaccinations, performed within the last year, must be provided prior to boarding (missing vaccinations can be performed onsite with prior scheduling):

					dogs

distemper/parvo combo
rabies/bordatella
heartworm test within last year
on heartworm preventative
fecal exam within last 6 months



					cats

distemper
rabies
feline leukemia



we welcome personal visits so you can see the way in which we provide a happy and healthy stay for each guest.


retail shop
our on-site retail shop has hundreds of products that your pets needs or wants, including:

food and treats
prescription medications
dietary supplements
clothing and accessories
pet carriers
shampoos
collars, leashes and harnesses
feeding stations
designer bowls
flea and tick control
toys of every kind

our shop is open during normal business hours:
monday-thursday: 7:30 am to 6:30 pm
saturday: 7:30 am to 5 pm
sunday: 9 am to 5 pm








veterinarians and staff
your pet’s health and comfort are our top priorty. our veterianarians are members of the american veterinary medical association (avma) as well as state level groups, such as the massachusetts veterinary medical association (mvma). our technicians receive comprehensive training to ensure the highest levels of safety for all of our patients. continuing education in medicine and technology keeps both our veterinarians and our technicians up to date in the latest tools and methods to prevent, diagnose, treat and monitor routine and specialized medical conditions.
our vets, techs, and support staff form a team of professionals that are dedicated to your pet’s health. we strive to improve the quality of your pet’s life with open and frequent communication so you understand the situation at any given time as well as what to expect through the various stages your companion’s life.






dr. laetitia m. henry
caring for patients at neponset animal hospital.
professional membership

american veterinary medical association (avma)

professional areas of interest

internal medicine
opthalmology

about dr. henry
a 1998 graduate of the cornell university college of veterinary medicine, dr. henry has been practicing at neponset animal hospital since 2001.
she enjoys spending time with her growing family and her five pets. she also likes snowshoeing, reading and cooking.


dr. chris kennedy
caring for patients at:

mass. animal medical center
neponset animal hospital
somerville veterinary center

professional areas of interest

dermatology
neurology
internal medicine

about dr. kennedy 
dr. kennedy was raised in arlington with two cats, fonzy and mimi. after college, he completed an externship at mote marine labs in sarasota, fl and then worked in a research lab studying biomechanics and exercise physiology for several years.
dr. kennedy enjoys biking, movies, international travel and international volunteer projects. he presently has fish for roommates, but enjoys sitting for friends' dogs.


dr. thomas hamilton
caring for patients at:

neponset animal hospital
ri animal medical center
mass. animal medical center
somerville veterinary center

professional memberships

american veterinary medical association (avma)

professional areas of interest

dentistry
internal medicine
preventative medicine
surgery

about dr. hamilton
dr. thomas hamilton grew up in fort salonga, new york, and moved up to medfield, massachusetts in 2001. he attended umass amherst for undergrad where he graduated cum laude with a b.s. in animal science.
after graduating from undergrad, dr. hamilton worked as technician for 6 years before going abroad to st. george’s university school of veterinary medicine, west indies. he graduated from st. george’s university with honors in 2017 and received his clinical year education at cornell university.
when not working, dr. hamilton enjoys time spent with his family and friends. his german shepherd mixed breed, blade, loves long car rides and trips to the beach; and his cat, rocky, loves to sleep… and eat. dr. hamilton’s interests include motorcycles, the outdoors, sports, and fitness.




dr. josh gidlewski
caring for patients at:

mass. animal medical center
neponset animal hospital
somerville veterinary center

professional designation/memberships

diplomate acvim
american veterinary medical association (avma) 
massachusetts veterinary medical association (mvma)

professional areas of interest

cardiology
internal medicine

about dr. gidlewski 
dr. gidlewski attended pennsylvania state for his undergraduate degree. in 2001, dr. gidlewski graduated from the university of georgia with honors, from there he went to the university of illinois for a rotating internship in small animal surgery and medicine. from 2001-2004, dr. gidlewski did a residency at the animal medical center in new york city. dr. gidlewski became board certified in 2004 and has been a part of n.e.v.s since 2007.
in his free time, he enjoys running triathlons and marathons and spending time with his wife and three children.


dr. jennifer hart
caring for patients at:


neponset animal hospital
r.i. animal medical center

professional designation/memberships

american veterinary medical association (avma)

professional areas of interest

dentistry
internal medicine
preventative medicine
surgery

about dr. hart
dr. hart, originally from arizona, moved to connecticut where she grew up on a horse farm. from there, she moved to new york city working in the finance industry when she eventually decided to pursue her passion in veterinary medicine. dr. hart attended umass amherst where she graduated with a b.s. in animal science and traveled to peru and continued doing research while collaborating with cornell university on alpaca’s and p. tenuis. dr. hart earned her dvm from st. george’s university where she graduated cum laude in 2013.
when not working, dr. hart enjoys time spent with her family and friends. her hobbies  include horseback riding, hiking and traveling among many more.






 










find a facilityrhode island animal medical ctr
four paws pet resort
massachusetts animal medical ctr
neponset animal hospital
somerville veterinary center
wellington circle veterinary center
how can we help you?careers
services
about us
privacy policy
pet memorials
support a great cause


recent posts at the pet blog


schedule a dental cleaning appointment for your dog or cat


dental care for pets


9 signs your pet needs dental care


what are hotspots?


what is kennel cough?


the importance of wellness care for pets


 



©2025 callanan veterinary group. all rights reserved. website by karrie disanto.com 




































