






circus vargas 🎪 - the entertainment experience of 2025!
























































now in escondido - tickets range from $25 to $85 - limited time!






skip to main content










hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    








 




 
menu    




home
tour
show
reviews
contact
tickets










home
tour
show
reviews
contact
tickets


















 
















the big
one is
back!
the big one
is back!



















  



  
now in escondido
feb 7 - feb 24 






tour schedule


          escondidofeb 7 – feb 24          tickets               national cityfeb 28 – mar 10          tickets               mission valleymar 14 – apr 7          tickets               temeculaapr 11 – apr 28          tickets     






  













4,6 on yelp!
critically acclaimed by sandiego.com!










the experience of 2025!
step right up to a world of wonder and excitement—it’s not just a show, it’s an unforgettable adventure for the whole family! get your tickets now and make memories that will last a lifetime!




two hour family friendly show.
tickets range from $25 to $85.
delicious food and drinks available
vip available
kids under 2 get free admission
fun for children of all ages!
senior and military discount available.



















  




























































  






































































 





















critically acclaimed













circus vargas was chosen as the best circus in san diego california by sandiego.com!


  “lexi b.berkeley, ca - yelp “i was amazed! what stars! incredible talent. definitely come out and support the show. the bmx bikers were wild. 10/10 super awesome event”   “casey g.san diego, ca - yelp “this show was absolutely amazing. it was really fun for the whole family. there were no animals, but lots of cool acts. i would definitely watch it again, and i definitely recommend it. it is affordable and fun for all ages.”   “marcia a.modesto, ca - yelp “circus vargas is beyond amazing! it is difficult to pick my favorite act because they were all so good. each performer is an exceptional athlete, even the clown!! the show includes slap stick humor, audacious acts, and a touch of music. bravo to the whole circus vargas team”   “iama w.altadena, ca - yelp “driving past sightseeing and saw the circus tent. hung a u-turn and bought tickets. my car mate had never seen a circus!! this show does not disappoint. totally enjoyable. amazing acts. it was two hours of thrills and laughs. animal-free but the performances won’t leave you wanting”   “iri m.atascadero, ca - yelp “awesome show and great performances. i am a huge fan of cirque de soleil and this was equally as entertaining for a fraction of the price. i highly recommend you plan a visit when they come to town.”  






























circusvargasofficial








fun visit with our friends at ​⁠ https://www.f






today, we honor the life and legacy of dr. martin 






in light of the current wildfire situation, circus






the big one is back!
circus vargas is proud to pre






we wish you a happy new year! may the new year be 






circus vargas wishes all a merry christmas! may al
 





save 50% with online code: 50earlybird
what better






a holiday message from circus vargas owners katya 



 















take a look backstage













follow us on instagram and take a look backstage or follow us on facebook!


  



facebookinstagram
































		now in escondido




limited time only


tickets



























view our acts



















 










arata duo
handbalancing duo extraordinaire!













liina
aerialist













johnathan lee iverson
ring master













the globe of death
gets you on the edge of your seat!













meza troupe
high wire excellence!













the faltyny's
amazing unicycle skills













marinelli brothers
wheel of death













steve & jones caveagna family
internationally famous clowns!













cretu brothers
amazing teeterboard













jessica lester
extraordinaire foot juggler!













martii and liina
archery thrills!













arata duo
handbalancing duo extraordinaire!































© copyright 2025 | circus vargas | powered by cirque tickets.com















 


































