


 




laron


























 











    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    

















        skip to content    





drivingefficiencyforward®




search





search








search





1-800-837-6827
sign in/register

toggle nav




                        menu                    




shop   shop by brand  industrial finishing products   all finishing  spray guns  pumps  pressure tanks  filters  hose & fittings  booth & floor covering  accessories  industrial electrical & motor products  fluid power  bearings  pumps  automation  dispense products   all dispense  applicators  power transmission  compressed air piping  products & services   products  services  industries  industry news  contact us   request for quote  request for service  locations  emergency service  about us   who we are  otc news  our companies  events  career opportunities  careers   




                        account                    


 


























                    home                


laron
























 







laron is now otc! to streamline your ordering process and improve your customer experience we are redirecting you to otcindustrial.com
laron has built services around providing the preferred total solution; this means, no matter the problem they have the tools and innovation to provide a solution. delivering superior products and services to reduce your down time is their priority. laron provides machining, fabrication/welding and mechanical services to repair or build new equipment for the mining and power industry. laron can support your needs from their machining shops or in the field. they are here to help get the job done.
 laron line cardservicesmining line cardpower generation line card 
phone: 800-248-3430
locations: 
1881 e university drphoenix, az 85034
(previously the 16th st. location)
 
4255 santa fe drivekingman, az 86401
3150 n. freeway industrial loop (suite 140)tucson, az 85705contact laronrequest for quotelaron is now otc! learn how otc can help support your business.about otcproducts electric motors
laron specializes in helping you to select the proper electric motor for your application. we can customize electric motors to be drop-in replacement for your vintage electric motors or new applications. laron’s team has extensive knowledge of different manufacturers and models to make sure you get the exact motor for the right price. all of laron’s electric motors go through a 26-point quality inspection prior to shipping. we deliver solutions, not commodities.gearboxes
gearboxes are used to increase torque while reducing the speed of an output shaft.  the output shaft rotates at a slower rate than that of the input shaft thus creating a mechanical advantage through this reduction in speed. gearboxes help provided controlled application of power and can be configured to increase shaft speed with the reduction of torque. our wide range of selections can help you move the heaviest of loads. we supply sizes with torques from 90 lb-in up to 2,200,000 lb-in. request for quoterequest for quotemotor protection relays
laron offers motor protection relays that provide motor overcurrent protection that can be installed in an enclosure, contactor, or a panel. includes multiple rtd inputs for stator thermal protection. laron inc. supplies and repairs all types of electric motor protection devices and strategies for both ac and dc electric motors for sale including surplus electric motors and remanufactured low and medium voltage electric motors of all types and all manufacturers.variable frequency drives
laron can also incorporate variable frequency drives into larger enclosures with incoming power disconnects, input contactors and thermal overloads to provide a complete system. mounting feet are available on most enclosures. using the properly selected variable frequency drive can reduce energy consumption by automatically adjusting to changing operating conditions.  we can help you select the correct variable frequency drive type and size to meet your needs.request for quoterequest for quoteindustries



power




electrical generation requires special skill sets and an deep understanding about planning for plant outages, having the engineering support and technical expertise for complex repairs and modifications, and having a skilled work force that’s able to turn on a dime to respond to immediate needs. bottom line: we work with our customers to efficiently complete complex technical outages and repairs. whether it’s a planned outage or an emergency, we have the solutions to keep power in motion.

 



mining




mining operations call upon us for solutions to tough problems. there isn’t a segment that’s harder on equipment than hard rock mining. laron’s roots run deep in hard rock.  it’s where we were born and it’s the neighborhood, we grew up in. 
mineral processing covers the full gamut of crushing, transporting, rendering, enriching, and refining the ore into product.  a wide range of skills are required for a truly full solution services provider to safely tear down and inspect damaged or worn equipment, access the best repair strategy, and where necessary, remove, package and transport the equipment to a laron off-site facility for electrical and mechanical repair.




petrochemical




more than a simple repair service, we can design and evaluate and manufacture custom solutions for the most difficult repairs in the industry. from valves to specialized high chrome alloy piping, to pumps and motors. 


laron helps improve equipment and plant reliability and availability thanks to our vast experience in plant maintenance, inventory optimization, brownfield and refurbishment.
laron has a dedicated workforce of the most skilled and experienced turnaround crew in the industry and offer our clients a full range of superior piping and specialty welding services to support turnarounds and capital projects.
with some of the most experienced technicians in the business, laron offers repair, maintenance, overhaul and testing of major high-speed motors and pumps either on site or in our fully equipped machine shops.




water and waste water


 

laron provides water treatment equipment, supplies, and services which allow our customers to efficiently and cost effectively decontaminate water and wastewater. we repair a wide range of water treatment equipment from pumps, controls, instrumentation and filters, motors, chemical feed systems, and tanks.


wastewater treatment plant:



pump overhaul
motor overhaul
filter change-out
de-alkalizer repair
motor repair
new motor sales
new pump sales
clarifier repair
clarifier drive repair and installation







manufacturing


 

laron provides the skills and equipment to meet the utilization needs of your plant to maintain efficiency.  we respond quickly to your downtime needs and have excellent turnaround time on repairs.


manufacturing facilities solutions to keep manufacturing plants in motion:



maintenance
conveyor repair
boring
generator repair
actuator overhaul
system design
equipment installation






contact laronrequest for quote
otc news
our companies
industries served

we are otc
about otc
career opportunities
accessibility
employee portal
ethics & compliance 
self service
opt in for newsletters
check your order status
return information
shipping information
help
contact otc
800-837-6827
emergency service




terms of use
purchase order terms & conditions
terms & conditions of sale
rental terms & conditions
privacy notice
ada compliance
do not sell my information




 search engine powered by elasticsuite





