


oil tycoon!






















home
news
downloads
screen shots
high scores
how to play
version history
support












onthebrink.com
















 



						do you have what it takes to become a billionaire in the oil industry?  oil tycoon!tm is a business simulation in which your rich texas uncle died and left you an inheritance of one plot of land, one oil well, one refinery, one storage unit, and one million dollars.  his will stated the following advice - buy low, sell high...  use this advice to grow a simple family-run business into a huge corporation. 
						
what gamers are saying about oil tycoon:
"oil tycoon is one of the more intelligent simulators i've seen. it forces
		the player to track various factors and construct a winning strategy." - nick smith
		http://rocketdownload.com/details/stra/oiltycn.htm
version history:

version 5.0: version 5.0 for windows 95/98 is now available for download.  since it has been created in visual basic and visual c++, it contains many new features and an easy-to-use graphical interface.  most of the calculations have been augmented to include several other variables..  here are some of the features of the new version:






new graphical interface using the mouse and keyboard



redesigned land plots section with survey maps showing the oil remaining, strike percentage, land value, and pumping rate for each plot.  each plot has its own name!



expanded graphs session showing statistics for each county.



post your high score on the internet!



beautiful background photos and pictures in each section.



...and just as challenging and addicting as the previous versions!







(click here for a larger image)




note:  oil tycoon! is not associated with other tycoon game products currently available.

longmont real estate management services available from welkor, llc


 












		copyright © 2000 rocky mountain systems, inc.
for information regarding oil tycoon!, please contact jeffrey korringa.
for questions, comments, or suggestions about this web site, please contact kyle sampson.






