






faith to faith church – believing in god













































faith to faith church



donate


















about faith to faith church






our history
 welcome to faith to faith church, a vibrant community of believers dedicated to nurturing faith and fostering spiritual growth. our church, founded on the timeless principles of christianity, is a place where individuals from all walks of life come together to seek a deeper connection with god. 










our mission
 at faith to faith church, our mission is clear: to provide a nurturing environment where people can encounter god’s love, experience transformation, and live out their faith in practical ways. we believe in living out the gospel message, not just on sundays, but throughout the week, as we seek to impact our community and the world. 




our beliefs
we offer a variety of ministries and programs for all ages,  bible studies / conference line, and outreach programs. our ministries are designed to help our members grow in their faith and serve others in our community.













our services
from inspiring worship gatherings to in-depth bible studies via conference line we provide opportunities for people to grow in their faith and understanding of god’s word. meeting the spiritual needs of individuals and families.




our community
 faith to faith church is more than just a place of worship; it’s a family. we strive to create a welcoming and inclusive environment where everyone can find a sense of belonging. we encourage fellowship and support among our members, believing that we are stronger when we stand together in faith. 










outreach & service
 we are committed to making a positive impact on our local community and the world at large. through outreach programs, charitable initiatives, and acts of service, we aim to be the hands and feet of jesus, spreading his love and compassion to those in need. 






 
image000000-1image000000-2-1image000001image000002image000003image000005image000004 





meet the pastor






pastor walter mcneil
hello! my name is walter i was born in new london connecticut raised in norwich, i graduated in 1986 from nfa and from there on it was a down word spiral on a road of self destructive behavior’s, to crack, alcohol, heroin and many other sinful deeds. violence, guns, countless arrests, in and out of prison and thoughts of suicide.i believe my mothers prayers saved me because jesus honored them and began to open my eyes to see my need to be saved. i called upon him and he saved me, now he has blessed me with a beautiful family. he also gave me a (vision) which constantly appears each time i close my eyes to go to sleep. in the vision he is calling me to preach the gospel of salvation to the same people who are lost in the city of norwich and beyond. not only that but to have a place where they can come and experience an encounter with jesus through his word. at faith to faith community church. come and join me on this mission if you will.–  hope to see you soon –









join us
whether you’re exploring faith for the first time or looking for a church home, we invite you to join us at faith to faith church. come as you are, and together, we can grow in faith, build meaningful relationships, and make a difference in the world.thank you for visiting our about us page. we look forward to meeting 









faith to faith church







© copyright 2023. all rights reserved.
proudly powered by faith to faith church







