




  













new york state archives |






































skip to main content















new york state archives


menu




















 [disclaimer]





aboutrecords managementrecords managementoverviewour servicesretention and disposition schedulesstate records centerintroduction for records managerstopicspublicationsforms and toolslaws and regulationspreservationpreservationarchives managementfamily historypreservation serviceshistorical records theft prevention and responsegrantsgrantsoverviewlocal government records management improvement funddocumentary heritage programdisaster recovery grantslarry j. hackman research residencystudent research awardworkshopsworkshopsoverviewabout our workshopsworkshop catalogregister for a workshopwebinarsrequest a workshopcontact usresearchresearchoverviewabout our recordsresearcher servicessearch for recordsdigital collectionsresearch topicspublicationsvisit the archivesresearch residencyfaqscontact useducation 









aboutrecords managementoverviewour servicesretention and disposition schedulesstate records centerintroduction for records managerstopicspublicationsforms and toolslaws and regulationspreservationarchives managementfamily historypreservation serviceshistorical records theft prevention and responsegrantsoverviewlocal government records management improvement funddocumentary heritage programdisaster recovery grantslarry j. hackman research residencystudent research awardworkshopsoverviewabout our workshopsworkshop catalogregister for a workshopwebinarsrequest a workshopcontact usresearchoverviewabout our recordsresearcher servicessearch for recordsdigital collectionsresearch topicspublicationsvisit the archivesresearch residencyfaqscontact useducation
 
gsearch









 
















 
welcome to the new york state archives!
whether you are a creator of records, a researcher or a community member who needs assistance with the materials that document your community, our programs are intended to serve you and the future generations of new yorkers.
 


 
scheduling and state agency services
scheduling and state agency services (ssas) develops records retention and disposition schedules for state agencies and local governments that authorize disposition of records. we also provide records management advice, assistance, and training to state agencies.
 


 
local government services
the state archives provides records management advice, assistance, and training to local governments throughout new york state as they manage their records, document their actions within their communities, and protect their history for future generations.
 


 
state records center
the state records center, operated by the new york state archives, provides efficient, low-cost storage and retrieval for new york state agencies’ inactive records.
 


 
access to records
access services coordinates transfers of records from state agencies and makes information about records available to the public through online finding aids, catalog records, digital collections, pathfinders, guides, and name indexes.
 


 
researcher services
researcher services provides access to archival records of new york state government -- executive, legislative, and judicial branches. we assist researchers in identifying records for their research and provide copies for researchers who are not able to visit our public research room.
 


 
education
new york state archives education resources can now be reached directly at considerthesourceny.org. this new interactive website contains original new york state archives primary sources and learning activities along with new educational materials. 
 


 
grants for local governments
the local government records management improvement fund competitive grant program awards funds to local governments to assist them in managing their records. since 1990, the fund has awarded over $246 million to 2,428 local governments.
 


 
preservation
the documentary heritage program provides training, assessment services and grant funding to support the keepers of new york’s historical records, and to ensure that new yorkers have access to an equitable and just historical record.
 


 
workshops and webinars
the archives offers a variety of webinars and in person training opportunities to help new yorkers manage their records.
 






 



























 quick links

disaster management
digital collections
retention and disposition schedules
search for records
selected new accessions
try our name index search
ancestry.com new york
legislative bill and veto jackets
lgs-1 schedule
new york state records center
hse, ged and tasc documentation

 


highlights
nysa announces the 2025-2026 lgrmif grant cycle
check out the latest issue of new york archives magazine and new york archives jr!
hear our story: partners in history
 


plan your visit
the state archives research room is open for onsite research monday - friday, 9:30am -4:00pm
email/phone reference are available monday - friday, 9:30am - 4:00pm
the research room will be closed on monday, february 17th, 2025
for more information:e-mail: archref@nysed.govphone: (518) 474-8955
 






diversity & access
contact us
finding aids
news
site map
search
 
 


new york archives magazine
archives partnership trust
new york state historical records advisory board
office of cultural education
 


new york state education department
new york state
privacy policy
terms of use
accessibility

 




the new york state archives is part of the office of cultural education, an office of the new york state education department.

 






to report technical problems with this web site, please contact the new york state archives at archinfo@nysed.gov
 





















