











opera hong kong – opera hong kong






































































 









 






















menu 



productions

upcoming productions
past productions


about us

board & management
artistic director
members & supporters
careers
press release


young artist programme

2021 annual performance
2020 concerts and events


education & outreach

children chorus
inclusive virtual opera project

video lectures & highlights


scholarship


chorus

chorus director
principal répétiteur
chorus members
past performances
join us now!


support us

sponsorship
donation & membership


contact us
中文
 









home 












 













 









opera hong kong artistic director mr. warren mok is awarded the bronze bauhinia star (bbs) by the hong kong special administrative region


congratulations to our artistic director mr. warren mok! according to the 2021 honours list announced by the government of the hong kong special administrative region today, mr. mok is awarded the bronze bauhinia star (bbs) in recognition of his great contribution to the development of opera art in hong kong.
since his european début in 1987 at the deutsche oper berlin, mr. mok has become a world-renowned chinese tenor and made his guest appearances in many leading opera houses throughout the world. he has actively promoted operatic art in hong kong, the mainland china and macau over the years. mr. mok founded opera hong kong in 2003 and has become its artistic director since then.











 

upcoming productions
stay tuned for more updates about our upcoming programmes.

read more

 

lksf-ohk young artist overseas fellowships

opera hong kong (ohk) is delighted to announce the launch of the first-ever “lksf-ohk young artist overseas fellowships” programme, generously sponsored by the li ka shing foundation (lksf) to provide short term international residencies for selected young artists to elevate their vocal artistry.
read more
our young artists

 
children chorus
come join us today!


join our children chorus and discover the musical potential of your little ones!

course detailapply now!

 

donation & membership
support opera hong kong and enjoy exclusive benefits including discounts and priority booking for our productions and programmes, and even opportunities to meet renowned opera singers.


support us

financial support  藝術發展配對資助計劃art development matching grants schemehksar government 香港特別行政區政府

sign up for newsletter 


name *





email *
















 
unit 2002, landmark south, 
39 yip kan street, wong chuk hang,
hong kong
tel: 852 2234 0303
fax: 852 2234 0505
enquiry@operahongkong.org














 



























