




james redway furniture makers - handmade solid cherry furniture - shaker furniture - 18th century furniture





		 
		


 
click here for new redway site









			welcome to james redway furniture makers


established 1986
entering 34 years of quality american furniture



87 main st north
			woodbury, connecticut



call us toll free
1-888-889-2723
			-------------



			-------------------



click here to visit the silver cherry 

87 main street north
woodbury, connecticut
			-------------
			in-stock furniture ready to ship or pickup



			to order call 1-888-889-2723

			every weekend, james redway furniture makers will feature one of our furniture pieces for sale.

			see our other in-stock pieces and sign up for our weekly email
			that will give you advance notifications of new weekend specials.

click here for details 




 

 







 





 
 

follow us on facebook

 
 





 

james redway furniture makers featured in litchfield county times may 2010 magazine

 






 




 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 

 



james redway furniture makers  is located in woodbury connecticut. we have been  in the business of building quality, solid cherry, 18th century style furniture and 19th century shaker furniture since 1986. we build a variety of tables, small chests, footstools, step stools and quilt racks. we are well known for and specialize in the construction of small side tables. our christmas table is a connecticut classic.  this web site is a color catalog of our work. it is also a means for our customers to really see how our furniture is made before they buy. it is also a means of customer support after you buy one of our pieces. you see we not only take pride in our furniture, but also in our customer service. 







 
 

 a short note about our furniture 

 
all furniture is made using traditional joinery techniques. all tables are made with  pinned mortise and tenon construction. small chests, drawers and steps are made with hand-dovetails. we offer four hand-rubbed tung oil finishes; natural, candlelight, medium brown, and dark cherry. our furniture is finished with 5 coats of tung oil for a silky, satin shine. each piece is signed, numbered, dated and branded with our hallmark. we offer a thirty day money back guarantee and a lifetime warranty against defects due to workmanship. mastercard, visa, discover, amex, and pay pal.  want to know more about redway furniture visit our "frequently asked questions" page, or give us a call at 1-888-889-2723.
26 years in business and over 15 years on the internet. furniture made to last for generations to come.
 





 
main online store departments: updated january 2015

 



 

custom size tables available to suit your needs

 
 



 
one of the biggest problems many of our customers have is finding the right table style that also is the right size.

		many furniture makers will not modify their designs to suit their customers needs.

		at redway furniture, we specialize in creating custom size tables to suit the needs of our customers.

		look at out catalogif you need a table with a different width, length or height we can create it for you, without the custom-furniture price tag.

		you can even mix-match designs to suit your taste. if you like a certain top style, and want to match it with a certain skirt style, we can do it for you.








 



 

visit our retail store

the silver cherry
87 main street north

			woodbury, connecticut
 
click here for directions

 






solid cherry/black walnut cutting boards


			holiday boards

handmade solid cherry and black walnut cutting boards.

			measures approximately 10" x 16"

			only $25.00

			you will use this board every day.

			a great size, a great look, a great deal.

			call 1-888-889-2723






 

you are not cooking if your not using 




the redway blade

 
 



 
 



 
 handmade solid cherry kitchen cooking tool. better than a wooden spoon or plastic spatula.

		the redway blade is made from solid cherry, is finely polished and feels silky smooth in your hand. finished with extra virgin olive oil.

		two edges of the tool are beveled to allow you to chop vegetables right in the pan. use it to deglaze a pan by making it easy to scrape off the tasty bits of flavor left behind by other kitchen utensils.

		 great for making soups, sauces, sauteing vegetables, mixing doughs for no-kneed bread recipes, or whatever.

		 it is my favorite kitchen utensil and i use it for making everything featured in our cookbooks.

		a great stocking stuffer that will last for years.

measures - 2" wide and 12" long.

 

only $8.50 each

 

1-888-889-2723

 
 





 
 

custom mirrors created for your family 

 
 



 
 

or choose one of our great mirrors

 
 

click here

 





 
customer gallery see the recent work we have made for our customers.






 
the christmas table  a new england classic
 





 
   solid cherry side tables  - great side tables for your home 
  the hancock shaker step - the most useful piece of furniture you will ever buy!
 dining tables- custom dining tables - 
 tea tables -  here are some of our queen anne tea tables - black and white pictures. 
 sofa tables here are some of our sofa tables - black and white pictures. 
 





 
 



 
 






87 main street north


woodbury, connecticut






click here for directions







other areas of james redway furniture makers:


 
secure online order form for furniture
 



 
customer service and ordering information
shipping and handling charges for shopping cart



 
frequently asked questions about hand-made furniture
 how redway furniture is made
lumber used for redway furniture 
e-mail james redway (we welcome questions and comments about our furniture) 



 
 

other interesting links!

 
 





 
 





 
 

read about james redway's great, great, great, great, grandfather fighting in the revolutionary war in -

 
 

the preserved redway story

 
 



redway genealogy



 
 



 
 

the redway family fourth of july video

 
 

 

 
 


do you know a fire fighter or an emt - great gift from knightlite software. windows based training software for fire fire fighters and emts. click here for details.
 
 





 
last edited november 29, 2016




 
 

 

 



 
you are the visitor since we started counting in november of 1995.







 








 






