


i wasn't always like this...





























sunday, june 09, 2013



it's a semi-miracle
	 




now you all know of course that jesus and mary have been making the rounds lately all over the place, most recently in chicago. they've been on grilled cheese sandwiches, domes, and freeway underpasses... this got me to thinking seriously about my own religious experience, so i decided to explore my house for signs of anything godlike. to my surprise, i found this...


as you can see, the brick clearly doesn't match the rest of the house. jeff said it was because the previous owners removed a milk chute, but i know better.
then, i found this...

on an old coffee table. if you squinch your eyes real tight and then open them over and over again real fast, you'll see what i mean.

now this was down in the basement in my daughter's room...

we just finished building that room last summer and that's new drywall. both girls swear they didn't do it, so i'm thinking it was divine intervention right there.

now some of you may think that these pictures have been a bit ambiguous, and i'm willing to admit that they leave a little to the imagination, but i dare you to argue the merits of this next batch.

first, we have this...

a window shade in my bedroom that has a stain on it from the roof leaking during the last mega ice thaw. surely, you can see the outline of mary's veil.

and this...

is a picture of a slat in my fence around my pool on my deck.  any idiot can see that  jesus is on it!  look at the middle!

i tried very hard to find something spiritual in this picture of my grandkids

but it just made me hungry. so i went on to study this one...

and i'll be damned if i didn't say "oh god" right out loud!

i don't want a bunch of you zealots coming over with chainsaws to try and take my fence slat, let me just be clear about that. i'm fairly sure jesus decided to hang out there for a reason and i won't allow him to be disturbed, at least until i get the pool up and running for the season.

if i can get my builder, bob, to agree to remove that particular slat and replace it free of charge, then i'll consider putting it up on e-bay and you can have at it.

i hope i have inspired all of you to look for signs in your own home, and remember, cleanliness is next to godliness.

posted by kim @ 6/09/2013 01:37:00 pm
who reads this crap? comment: 24











who's responsible for this mess?

about me

name:  kim 
location:  ohio, united states 
what's to know?
view my complete profilewow!!!
   

badges of honor










previous posts

it's a semi-miracle


archives ~now with bluing for extra whiteness!

june 2013



rate me on bloghop.com!






help?












	
http://www.myspace.com/podcrapular










blogroll me!



people who admit they read me...


this blog is intended for entertainment purposes only.  
statements made within may or may not be accurate and/or factual, 
except for when i say that child molesters make me sick and i hate them...that part is true.  
this blog is not intended for children.

find me anytime at
http://my10kidfamily.blogspot.com

few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. most people are even incapable of forming such opinions. 
- albert einstein






















enter your email address below to subscribe to i wasn't always like this...!


powered by bloglet



technorati search



 
 this blog

 all blogs



who links here








 
 


















blog design by: blogspot templates





