fleurco | home&noscript=1 />be the first to find out what's new at fleurco!
				subscribe nowhomestore locatorcustomer portalmy account 
    					 
    					checkoutquote (0 )fr united statesquebec - englishcanada - englishétats-unis - françaisquébec - françaiscanada - françaishomenew arrivalsshower doorsen
				us-enca-enca-frhome>home
new mist glasswhere privacy meets luxurybrowse modelsmix & matchcreate the perfect combinationslearn morevizoled cosmetic mirrorsoffered in wall-mounted or freestanding models, in chrome or matte black, with square or rounded mirror head shapesview collectionnew floridalocation!we’re happy to announce our new fleurco us southeast office, located in boca raton, florida, servicing a total of 7 states!more detailstake the tourover the years, fleurco has become a leading provider of top-quality shower doors, bases and bathtubs.fleurco is a north americancanadian company that specializes in the design, manufacture and distribution of a full range of glass shower and bathtub doors. our company relies on the latest technology and designs to offer you top quality products. build your bathroom shower doors bathtubs bases & walls shower niches led mirrors led medicine cabinets medicine cabinets vanitiesdesign your custom shower with our simple configuration tool and create your optimal design in a few simple steps.build your bathroom
			sign up to our newsletterreceive news and updates from fleurcofleurco is recognized in both canada and in the united states for our outstanding quality, service & design interior design show 2025designers lynda reeves & brian gluckstein paid us a visit at ids 2025 in toronto! get a sneak peek at what they had to say about our products. top 5 bathroom trends to look out for in 2025transform your bathroom into a haven with these 2025 trends, and you’ll be ready to unwind in style! maintaining your shower enclosure: the fleurco advantagewith frequent showers during the summer, maintaining your enclosure can be simple with the right tips! read our blog article to keep your shower fresh! your shower door hardware finish guidelearn about popular shower door finishes, the design style they fit in, designers preferences and best cleaning practices for each one. transform small bathrooms into luxurious spacesovercome the small bathroom design challenge with our experts' tips and discover how fleurco products will make your small bathroom luxurious. why fleurco led mirrors are the perfect addition to your modern bathroom?choosing mirrors for your bathroom? find out why led mirrors are the perfect choice for modern bathrooms and how you can incorporate them into your own space.industry partnershipscanada 1.800.993.0033usa (east) 1.888.568.2121usa (midwest) 1.888.263.3651usa (west) 1.877.413.2880follow us!productsshower doorsbathtubsbases & wallsshower nichesled mirrorsled medicine cabinetsmedicine cabinetsvanitiesresourcescataloguesmarketing materialsvideosvirtual showroomarticlestips & toolsglass typesinstallationwarrantyglossaryprice listfaqparts listsabout usour companyour historywhy choose fleurco?awardsserviceprojectspresscareersinnovationmicrotek®fleurcoconnect drainfleurcosekur+ safety protection (s.r.t.)fibo by fleurco wall systemcustomer portal homecontact usstore locatorprivacy policyterms and conditions©2025 fleurco products inc. all rights reserved. web design by  agence arobas popup
claimclaims@fleurco.com/en/shower-enclosure/claim-submitfleurco products inc.
limited warranty claim form
 
please complete and submit this online limited warranty claim form for any warranty claim relating to a fleurco product.should you prefer to send your claim by mail, please download and complete the paper form.print paper form*mandatory fields*first name*last name*full address*city*province / state*postal code / zipcode*phone number*email*categoryshower doorbathtubmirrormedicine cabinetvanityothercollectionalinaapolloariacapricordobageminihorizonk2karakinetiklatitudelexusluna medicine cabinetsluna lighted mirrorsmercurymonacomontréalnovaraopuspetraplatinumpurasevillasienaskylinesolostationothermodel number date purchased*upload proof of purchase*installation company or name of installer *have any parts on the item been replaced since the original purchase? if so, please explain *have any alterations or modifications been made to the original fleurco product? if so, please explain *please explain in full detail the reason for which you are making this claim (including date of incident) *please upload any photos related to the claim above add picture prior to submitting this claim, please ensure that you have read and understood fleurco’s limited warranty and have fully complied with the installation manual which was included with your product. failure to do so will invalidate this claim.   i have read and understood the fleurco limited warranty for this productsendhomeshower doorsnewsletter signupunited statescanada - englishcanada - français