

boston sports hub - your unofficial home of boston sports


















home
march madness
articles
top 10 lists
statistical analysis
the teams



i'm back
it's been close to ten years since i've added anything to bostonsportshub.com but i decided to update a few 
of my projects from yesteryear. you'll find the links below. let me know what you think. 


boston sports trends
updated august 2024
boston's four major pro sports teams have now won thirteen championships and made twenty trips to the final 
round in their sport since 2001.  take a look at my boston sports trends analysis 
to see how our teams have performed on an annual basis since 1975. 


best and worst pro sports cities
updated august 2024
in part i of my best and worst pro sports cities analysis, i looked at 
championships to determine which american cities have had the most (and least) successful pro sports teams 
since 1970. 

in part ii of my best and worst pro sports cities i evaluated 
overall success (including the playoffs) since 2000 for all cities with pro sports teams. my focus was on
cities with three or more teams. 

mlb teams ranked, adjusted for payroll
updated august 2024
who are the best and worst major league baseball organizations, dollar-for-dollar, over the past 18 years? 
find out in my mlb payroll analysis.  



march madness stats and trends
updated march 2016
visit the march madness section to read my statistical analysis of the ncaa 
men's basketball tournament. fifteen years worth of data has been compiled in an attempt to determine which 
statistical factors affect ncaa tournament results. team shooting percentage, season record against other 
top teams, road and neutral court record and rpi are just some of the factors including in my trends analysis.
this analysis is currently updated through the 2015 ncaa tournament but i am planning a new update before the start 
of 2025 march madness. 

2016 state of the teams report

forget the state of the union address, click here to read my 2016 state 
of the teams report (patriots, celtics, bruins and red sox).

favorite/least favorite aspects of sports
updated may 2011
nhl -- best -- playoff overtime hockey. every sport is loaded with postseason drama but nothing quite measures up to an overtime 
nhl game in the playoffs.  first of all, it's sudden death so every shot on goal can end the game - or even the season if a team is 
facing elimination.  it's stressful if your favorite team is involved but it's a beautiful stress.  a game 7 overtime takes it to
the next level.  score and advance or give up a goal and be done for the season.
nhl -- worst -- meaningless regular season. the only thing that really matters in the nhl regular season is making the playoffs.
home ice advantage means very little in the nhl playoffs. seeding means very little ...
read more












 www  bostonsportshub.com 













more from bostonsportshub


mlb ballparks review
march madness trends
more articles





email webmaster | bceaglesfootball.com |
					  caddyshack quiz |  major league movie quiz



