






















home - truthbook


















































































 






 











                                 


home
quotes about life
urantia book

introduction
new text version
illustrated book online
el libro de urantia
o livro de urântia
more translations
audio
downloads
study aids
study groups
topical studies
urantia book timeline
urantia organizations


jesus

the untold story of jesus
apostles
when is jesus’ birthday?
jesus of nazareth – a character study
illustrated stories
jesus and women
the “lost years” of jesus’ life
siblings
in the synagogue
jesus timeline
true easter story
jesus has risen from the dead: video


stories

funny stories
inspiring stories


god

the afterlife and heaven


angels

guardian angels


adam & eve

children
cain & abel
full story in the urantia book
original sin and the fall of man
the first humans?
who were they?


jesus pictures

private collection of jesus paintings
jesus historical gallery
untold story of jesus paintings
jesus paintings videos
angel pictures
urantia book images


life challenges
faqs
videos
forum





menu


menu

 






the amazing true story of adam & evelife in the garden of eden
start reading hereso many ways to access the urantia bookclick here for free audio downloads
previousnext12

daily quotes about life



february 16, 2025
 previous



jesus and young people

there was something gracious and inspiring about the personality of jesus which invariably attracted young people. he always made them feel at ease in his presence. perhaps his great secret in getting along with them consisted in the twofold fact that he was always interested in what they were doing, while he seldom offered them advice unless they asked for it. 
the urantia book,  (129:1.9)





free daily quote sign up










a quiz about adam & eve









who were adam & eve? 










					the first humans					




					celestial beings sent to improve humanity					




					rulers of a distant planet					




					teachers in a heavenly school					

none



hint 











 time's upcancel
trending now
the earliest recorded kiss has new twistfebruary 12, 2025/in trending now!no one knows for sure when humans first figured out that mouth-to-mouth contact could be used for romance and erotic pleasure, but scientists reported recently that people were locking lips at least 4,500 years ago. the findings, published in the journal science, pushed back the history of the practice by about 1,000 years. read more
the urantia book says: “ the ceremony of adoption consisted in drinking each other’s blood. in some groups saliva was exchanged in the place of blood drinking, this being the ancient origin of the practice of social kissing. and all ceremonies of association, whether marriage or adoption, were always terminated by feasting.” read more


 

https://truthbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/pexels-cottonbro-9388999-scaled.jpg
1707
2560


jim zigarelli

https://truthbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/truthbooklogorightwhite594x119.png

jim zigarelli2025-02-12 15:12:552025-02-12 15:38:03the earliest recorded kiss has new twist

“god is love”; therefore his only personal attitude towards the affairs of the universe is always a reaction of divine affection. the father loves us sufficiently to bestow his life upon us. read more about god’s love here

funny & inspiring stories

what is the urantia book?
the urantia book includes the origin, history, and destiny of humanity. it answers questions about god, life in the inhabited universe, science, astronomy, the history and future of this world, adam and eve, and it includes an uplifting and greatly expanded narrative of the life and teachings of jesus. this narrative of jesus’ life is sourced from spiritual beings who were present during jesus’ life and who have preserved these records for presentation in the urantia book and in our modern times.
the urantia book describes an endless destiny for humankind, teaching that living faith is the key to personal spiritual progress and eternal survival as an immortal being.

urantia (pronounced: you ran chah) is the universe name for earth. the word urantia translates to “your place in the universe.” urantia is the sentimental shrine of all nebadon (the name of our universe). urantia is but one planet of ten million inhabitable worlds and is the mortal home of christ michael (jesus of nazareth), sovereign creator and ruler of all we see.read more.

urantia book teachings
what does it mean to be alive?
deciding what you believe about your existence is an important consideration, so you can have peace and a purposeful direction in life;  here are five reasons that you are alive, gleaned from the teachings of the urantia book:…read morehere
and, read more about life after death here

click to read 1,633 five star reviews of the urantia book



testimonials

click the image above to learn about seven life changing truths about the urantia book


read book reviews:
most enlightening!

“the vocabulary and terminology is remarkable. my brain expands every time i read it. god’s amazing power is awe-inspiring! ” 
read more reviews and buy the book
submit your own review


jesus in the urantia book
how can i learn to love others more?
said jesus:  “you will learn to love your brethren more when you first learn to love their father in heaven more, and after you have become truly more interested in their welfare in time and in eternity…”…read more…



the perfect book to share 



urantia book translations: traducciones, traduções
search help



 
   

 

 contact us | blogs | videos | subscribe to quotes about life | study groups | donate | about truthbook | search the urantia book | terms | privacy policy | sitemap


 







© copyright 2025 – the jesusonian foundation 






scroll to top

 





greetings truthbook forum members and visitors,
after decades of service to the urantia book community, the truthbook forum will no longer accept new posts beginning october 28, 2024. you can still access all of the thousands of discussion topics and all q&a’s, but no one will be able to post to existing topics or begin new ones.
please continue to read, search, and enjoy all posts made prior to october 28th. no login will be needed to access this valuable resource, so it will be open to everyone!
while new posts in the forum cannot be started, we still are interested in your questions, stories and feedback.
please use this link to reach out to us
https://truthbook.com/contact-us/


			close			






































































