
























*home - renew wisconsin
















































































resources
blog
community portal
  
 
 










who we are

about usour teamour boardbusiness memberscontact us
our work

bioenergyelectrificationgeothermalhydropowerpolicy & advocacysolar energywind energy
get involved

business membershipindividual membershipadvocatework with us
events

renewable energy summitevent calendar
resourcesblogdonate 





select page


  
 



 



 














2025 renew wisconsin summit
thanks to everyone who joined us at this year’s renewable energy summit!
learn more
 

 
 





2024 was great year for clean energy in wisconsin!
take a look back on this year’s clean energy highlights for wisconsin!
2024 annual report
 

 
 





inflation reduction act
the inflation reduction act (ira) was passed with people in mind. a broad spectrum of funding opportunities ensure every wisconsinite has access to the benefits of clean power!
learn more
 

 
 





thank you, rural wisconsin!
rural wisconsin’s willingness to host wind and solar farms is reducing our reliance on out-of-state fossil fuels, creating jobs, and protecting our future. this kind of change isn’t easy, but rural communities are showing resilience and commitment to stewardship. let’s show them our gratitude!
show your gratitude
 

 
 





business membership
renew wisconsin unites a powerful network of renewable energy industry leaders brought together by legal and policy experts to advocate for equitable energy solutions.
learn more
 

 
 





empowering tribal nations: the shift to clean energy
thanks to increased clean energy funding opportunities, such as those provided by the inflation reduction act, the menominee indian tribe of wisconsin is creating new opportunities, enhancing economic resilience, and supporting the tribe’s cultural values.
learn more
 

 
 





clean energy works for wisconsin. 

learn more
 

 
 





net metering
net metering supports rooftop solar, helps customers manage their utility bills, and allows equitable access to clean energy. now is not the time to derail the progress made on distributed solar.
learn more
 

 
 
 
 
 




we advocate.

 

we educate.

 

we collaborate.

 
 


renew wisconsin is a nonprofit organization dedicated to building a stronger, healthier, more vibrant wisconsin through the advancement of renewable energy. we work on policies and programs that expand solar power, wind power, renewable fuels, local hydropower, building electrification, energy storage, and electric vehicles.

 
 
 
 




our focus

 
 
 



bioenergy

 
 


electrification

 
 


geothermal

 
 
 



hydropower

 
 


solar energy

 
 


wind energy

 
 
 
 




renewable spotlight
key initiatives, events, and news you need to know about.

 
 
 



wisconsin’s roadmap to net zero
new detailed energy and economic modeling shows wisconsin can cost-effectively transition to net-zero emissions by 2050, reaching a point where we emit no more carbon into the atmosphere than can be removed. learn more

 

focus on energy
this program partners with utilities to help residents and businesses reduce energy waste. learn more

 

solar for good
solar for good announces new grants  to install solar energy for nonprofits.  learn more

 
 


renewable energy installation map
see wisconsin’s commercial renewable energy installations in on map. view map

 

project progress
see the project status of exciting renewable energy development in wisconsin. learn more

 

solar farms
solar farms provide homegrown, healthy, and smart energy to wisconsin citizens.  learn more

 
 
 
 




meet the team

 
 


join us

 
 


donate

 
 
 
 




news

 




 
  
 
renew wisconsin 2025 summit honors clean energy leaders
 feb 7, 2025 during its annual renewable energy summit, renew wisconsin will honor those who made significant and lasting impacts on wisconsin’s clean energy industry.
read more
 

 
  
 
sustaining gilda’s club madison through solar
 jan 17, 2025 on monday, january 13, gilda’s club madison invited representatives from renew wisconsin, couillard solar foundation, only in wisconsin, glow solar, and their members to join in the celebration of a monumental achievement. gilda’s club with the help of its supporters installed a solar array that will offset 100% of its electrical usage. 
read more
 

 
  
 
maple grove solar approved by the public service commission of wisconsin
 jan 16, 2025 the public service commission of wisconsin has approved the maple grove solar project, a 260-megawatt (mw) project with a 50 mw battery which will be located in barron county, wisconsin. commissioned by ibv energy partners, this project will produce enough energy to power more than 30,000 homes.
read more
 


 

 
 
 







subscribe to our newsletter
renewable energy updates delivered to your inbox.
subscribe
 

 
 
 
 
 




business members
our members are invested in advancing clean energy in wisconsin. renew wisconsin leads and represents these businesses and organizations who want more clean, renewable energy in wisconsin.

 
 
 




 



 



 



 
 


see all

 
 
 




 
support our cause

 
donate

 



followfollowfollowfollowfollow
 
 


 
sign up for our newsletter

 
subscribe

 
 
  
  
 
 



who we areabout us
business members
case studies
homegrown, healthy, smart
2024 annual report
public disclosure – 990
contact us
  our workbioenergy
electric vehicles
geothermal
hydropower
policy & advocacy
solar energy
wind energy
resources
  get involvedbusiness membership
individual membership
donate
events
work with us
programs
renew store
renew wisconsin energy fund
  contact us renew wisconsin
214 north hamilton street
suite 300
madison, wi 53703
608.255.4044
info@renewwisconsin.org

    
 


copyright © 2018 - all rights reserved  

 
 
 












































