






anthropology - division of anthropology | csuf


























this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.

 
 


skip navigation





		 
	



california state university, fullerton

 


 
 


site menu
 
 
 






college of humanities and social sciencesdivision of anthropology





main navigation
		people
		
		academics
		
		students
		show extended

student organizations


		scholarships
		
		centers
		
		museum
		
		need help?
		


		contact us
		
		support anthropology
		

 


 


welcome to the division of anthropology at cal state fullerton! 
the division of anthropology at csuf has a long tradition of excellent undergraduate and graduate education. we offer many opportunities for student engagement through student clubs, research with faculty, and internships in the community. we are a broad department that emphasizes integrative approaches drawing from across the humanities and social and life sciences. our faculty, students, and staff have received a wide range of honors and awards and some of their achievements are highlighted on this site. we encourage alumni to keep in touch and prospective students to visit. we look forward to hearing from you!
 what is anthropology? what distinguishes anthropology from other fields that study human beings?

anthropologists study humans and their immediate ancestors. anthropology confronts and ponders major questions about past, present and future human existence. where did we come from? what are we now and where are we going?anthropology differs from the other social sciences in its emphasis on understanding human diversity and adaptability across time and space. 
in the usa, the academic discipline of anthropology includes four main subdisciplines

cultural anthropology - the study of societies of the present and recent past
archaeological anthropology - the study of ancient and more recent societies through analysis of their material remains
biological anthropology (also known as physical or evolutionary anthropology) - the study of human biological variation through space and time
linguistic anthropology - the study of language in its cultural and social contexts

why include four subdisciplines in the same academic discipline? just as anthropologists believe that a solid understanding of human nature cannot come from studying a single nation, society or cultural tradition, anthropologists believe that in order to fully understand our own species, we need knowledge of both human biology and culture, past and present.
the division of anthropology at csuf is proud to offer courses and expertise in all four subdisciplines of anthropology.
 

nagpra

please direct all nagpra and calnagpra inquiries to repatration@fullerton.edu. 

















































































































news



"csuf center for the study of human nature hosts symposium to honor late professor john q. patton"


 symposium in honor of john q. patton


congratulations, colleen lane, on your recently published anthropological book,  “the anthropology of food.”
congratulations to cultural anthropology ma student yajaira vilchis-alvarez on being awarded a 2024 digital ethnic futures student research fellowship, funded by the andrew w. mellon digital ethnic futures consortium.

ahmed afzal,  has a new chapter publication in beyond hooking up: tales from grindr in pakistan. in pakistan desires: queer futures elsewhere, edited by omar kasmani, p. 184-202. durham: duke university press. november 2023. 

congratulations to dr. ahmed afzal, who has been awarded a short-term research grant from the american institute of pakistan studies to travel to pakistan during winter break to carry out follow-up research on the uses of social networking apps in pakistan. 
congratulations to dr. sara johnson on receiving a one book one csuf incentive grant award. 

eric schniter, anthroplogy lecturer, has a new publication "“cultural transmission vectors of essential knowledge and skills among tsimane forager-farmers”


division of anthropology
commencement 2022


"grad (amaris aloise, b.a. in anthropology and public administration) shares how anthropology students have ‘qualities that every field requires."

congratulations to dr. phuoc duong, our lecturer in cultural anthropology and asian-american studies, for receiving the outstanding lecturer award from hss this year.

brenda bowser, professor of anthropology, presented "seeking refuge in a predatory landscape: an amazonian perspective" at the society for american archaeology conference in march 2022. the presentation was part of the session “landscapes of movement and predation: indigenous responses to colonialism and the archaeological record” co-organized by brenda bowser and catherine cameron. 
congratulations to amaris aloise for acceptance to vanderbilt university law school in nashville, tennessee for fall 2022! amaris will complete her ba at csuf in spring 2022 as a university honors student with a double-major in anthropology and public administration.
congratulations to bradley christin for being accepted to the ph.d. program in anthropology at uc-davis!  bradley will be continuing his research in primate conservation by studying bushmeat market impacts on gorillas in the congo.  bradley is a peace corps coverdell fellow in our ma program.  as a peace corps volunteer, bradley taught environmental education in primary and secondary schools in paraguay.  he organized tree-planting events, garbage cleanups, and taught english and basketball.  for his ma research, bradley compared the activity budgets of wild gelada monkeys in highland ethiopia with captive geladas at the san diego zoo.  bradley will continue his work in primate conservation as a member of dr. damien caillaud’s behavioral ecology lab at uc davis this fall.  for his dissertation research, bradley will be conducting fieldwork in the central republic of the congo to study the impact of the bushmeat trade on gorilla populations and people.
congratulations to simone muhammad! simone has been selected to receive a 2022 historically underrepresented groups scholarship (hugs) from the society for american archaeology. the $3000 scholarship will be used to fund her graduate research with the estate little princess project in st. croix this summer.
congratulations  to jeffrey harris for acceptance to the phd program in anthropology at the university of nevada, reno.  jeff has been awarded a graduate dean’s merit scholarship, as well as a teaching assistantship and tuition waiver to begin fall 2022. jeff is completing his ma degree in the archaeology program now. his interests are bioarchaeology and forensics anthropology. jeff completed his ba in anthropology at csu fullerton, as well. jeff was a 2018 recipient of the sally casanova pre-doctoral scholarship in the csu pre-doctoral program. at csuf, he has been awarded a 2018 international field school in brazil scholarship, 2018 kelley mcarthur memorial scholarship, 2016 international field school in brazil scholarship, and a 2016 ralph and marion marshall curation award. additionally, he was awarded a 2019 csu california pre-doctoral summer research internship, which he completed at the ucla cotsen institute of archaeology.
 

congratulations to dr. ahmed afzal, he has been awarded a pollak library's open fullerton fellowship, a selective program that provides support and resources to transform an upcoming course to zero-cost utilizing open educational resources. 
congratulations to amaris aloise (anthropology major) for earning 4th place in the national brief writing championship with teammate kristin sinks (out of 350 teams!) in the 2021 american moot court association national championship tournament. read the story here: 

congratulations to dr. raffaella commitante on her new publication “evaluating the contribution of a wildlife health capacity building program on orangutan conservation” in the american journal of primatology.
congratulations to alexandra jonassen, csuf incoming graduate student (ma in anthropology), who presented "application of the geospatial method to on-floor assemblages: a case study from the classic maya city of el palmar, mexico" at the society for american archaeology conference in april 2021.
congratulations to karla gaspar, csuf alumna (ba anthropology 2019), who presented "communities of practice in the ancient andes: thinking through knowledge transmission and community making in and beyond craft production" at the society for american archaeology conference in april 2021.
kudos to richard george, csuf alumnus (ma anthropology 2013), who co-authored "pre-columbian transregional captive rearing of amazonian parrots in the atacama desert" in proceedings of the national academy of sciences in april 2021. after receiving his phd in anthropology at pennsylvania state university in 2020, he is now a postdoctoral scholar at the university of california, santa barbara.
congratulations to victoria ramirez, csuf alumna (ba anthropology 2017), who was selected for a 2021 summer internship in archaeology by the national park service at capitol reef national park in utah. victoria is now a graduate student in the ms program in cultural resources management at utah state university in logan.

steven james, professor of anthropology, presented "two pioneering california women archaeologists, 1940s–1960s: agnes bierman babcock and freddie curtis" at the society for american archaeology conference in april 2021.

john bock, professor of anthropology was awarded $15,397 from the virginia polytechnic institute and state university for the “cnh2-l: human waste and its role in creating integrated socio-environmental systems at the urban-wilderness continuum in africa; humans, wildlife, domestic animals and microbes” project.  sponsor: national science foundation.
congratulations to dr. ahmed afzal, he has published two book chapters in peer-reviewed edited volumes; the first essay is titled "pakistani families" and appears in the book, asian families in canada and the united states: implications for mental health and well-being, edited by susan chuang et al., p. 161-183. ny: springer press. april 2021 and the second essay is titled "“i want a yaar”: pakistani muslim american gay men and transnational same-sex sexual cultures in the west" and appears in the book, gender, sexuality, decolonization: south asia in the world perspective, edited by ahonaa roy, p. 137-159. abingdon, uk & new york, ny: routledge. december 2020.
congratulations to dr. ahmed afzal, his book, lone star muslims: transnational lives and the south asian experience in texas, has been named to a list of essential readings on islam in the united states.
kudos to karen stocker!  the csuf grand central art center exhibition catalog, “regionalia,” received accolades in the 29th annual museum publications design competition presented by the american alliance of museums. “regionalia” was recognized for its “overall design excellence, creativity and ability to express an institution’s personality, mission or special features.” the catalog features text from karen stocker, professor of anthropology, and a foreword by john d. spiak, grand central art center director/chief curator. 
congratulations to dr. edward knell, professor of anthropology, co-authored two related papers: “the late paleoindian cody complex component at lamb spring, colorado” in plains anthropologist and “new radiocarbon dates from the late paleoindian cody complex component at the lamb spring site, douglas county, colorado” in paleoamerica.
congratulations to dr. sarah grant, assistant professor of anthropology, published a chapter titled “what’s in a wet market?” in the book “teaching about asia in a time of pandemic” and a chapter titled “cosmopolitan coffee aspirations in contemporary vietnam” in “aspirations of young adults in urban asia.”
 congratulations to jeffrey harris, archaeology m.a. student! jeff has been accepted into the february 2021 cohort of the rancho santiago community college district rancho academy program. congratulations to marlene barraza and nehemiah rodriguez, too, u-acre alums (both ma anthropology 2020 in evolutionary anthropology), who completed the rancho academy program in 2020!! the rancho academy is an initiative to mentor and train the next generation of leaders in the community college system, with an aim to develop a highly skilled, diverse pool of talent to draw upon for teaching and administrative positions.

dr. ahmed afzal,  dr. sarah grant, and dr. steven r. james each received an award for outstanding service (2020)

dr. karen stocker's new blog post:  2020 solidarity in protest: a new textbook highlighting positive social change in urban costa rica. university of toronto press blog
titan magazine: u-acre students, sara johnson, and john bock, "arboretum buzzes with beehive research" (spring 2020) 
titan magazine: u-acre students, sara johnson, and john  bock,
"lessons from the lowly sweet potato" (spring 2020)
csuf news service: "brenda bowser, professor of anthropology, was appointed editor of the international journal ethnoarchaeology: journal of archaeological, ethnographic and experimental studies." (3/12/2020)

the daily titan: dr. elizabeth and alumna jaclyn magginetti's new study-"women's sexual strategies in pregnancy" (3/17/2020)
"the amazon is this anthropologist's classroom," dr. john patton was interviewed by the daily titan (2/4/2020)
the oc register: "csuf student researchers look to sweet potatoes as natural alernative in fighting aggressive weed"

anthropology major participates in national science foundation fellowship! congratulations rachel heil! 



dr. sara johnson honored for planting urban agriculture research program (8/27/19)



dr. nga nguyen granted fulbright award to study preschool children in norway (6/24/19)


congratulations to titan anthropologist rachel heil  (evolutionary anthropology) for receiving the national science foundation undergraduate research  fellowship (5/28/19)
""a is for arboretum, not asphalt" published in the csuf senate forum by john bock, professor of anthropology and director, center for sustainability


u-acre students and faculty in anthropology play an important role in urban agriculture research adn community engagement at arboretum farm (4/8/19)

dr. peter fashing and dr. nga nguyen received mention in a recent national geographic article: "these tough-looking monkeys eke out a living at 11,000 feet" (3/31/19)

a window into the amazon: cal state fullerton researchers examine life among the tribal community (2/23/19)
congraulations to ma student marco moreno for being named outstanding student (scholarly and creative activities) in the college of humanities and social sciences

the association for primate evolutionary studies (apes) is hosting a talk on monday, february 4 from 1:00-2:15pm in humanities (h) 123: dr. colleen fitzpatrick, forensic geneologist will be speaking about her work (1/30/19) 
congratulations to ma student jeffrey harris for being named a 2018-19 sally casanova scholar!  (10/10/18)



































this site is maintained by 
						division of anthropology.
last published 12/13/24
to report problems or comments with this site, please contact 
						sacox@fullerton.edu. 
					© california state university, fullerton. all rights reserved.


web accessibility

			csuf is committed to ensuring equal accessibility to our users.  let us know about any accessibility problems you encounter using this website.
			we'll do our best to improve things and get you the information you need.
		

resources:
download adobe acrobat reader

adobe reader

download word viewer, or download excel viewer, or download powerpoint viewer

microsoft viewers


report an ati issue


accessible @ csuf




version_4.8.15




			this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.
		


