 raphael's bakery & cafe | proudly serving bemidji, mn          
skip to content





homeaboutbakerybreakfast & lunchweekly specialscontactplace your order today! (218) 444-buns






made from scratch. crafted with passion.if you’re looking for amazing donuts and pastries, a hearty meal, or simply a great cup of coffee and good conversation, welcome to raphael’s.raphael’s is a family-owned bakery and restaurant proudly serving the bemidji, mn area since 1990. our recipes have been handed down from generation to generation, created to bring a smile to your face and joy to your taste buds.

call to order! (218) 444-buns


cafe menu



weekly specials



bakery menu

pies, pastries, breads, donuts, decorated cakes – breakfast, lunch and our infamous wild rice soup.
it’s time to make a stop in downtown bemidji.announcements: 

we are now closed on mondays. we look forward to seeing you the rest of the week!starting july 18th, we will be adding a 4% fee to all credit card transactions.business hourstues. - fri.  6:00am–5:30pmsat. 6:00am–2:00pmsun. - mon. closed
dine in the cafe for breakfast or lunch and take home dessert!looking for a delicious and one of a kind breakfast or lunch? stop in to raphael's bakery and enjoy a hearty breakfast or one of our signature lunch specials. on the run or looking for dessert? choose from our one-of-a-kind bakery items including donuts, cakes and fresh baked pies.not sure what gift to get that special someone? grab a raphael's bakery gift certificate in any denomination.











































testimonials"our family has been enjoying raphael's breads and other baked goods for 19 years. always fresh and great tasting, i have no favorites. i am especially impressed that they give back to the community through supporting events and fundraisers."- susan h."i am not from the area (i live near nashville, tn) but the company i work for is in bemidji. for the last few years i’ve been periodically ordering (via phone) sweets for the company office staff. raphael’s has always done a great job on my orders for cookies, donuts, cakes and they do a great job of preparing and delivering the goodies for me. the ownership and staff are absolutely awesome, and my colleagues love the treats!"- pedro g.“i have been a fan and customer of raphael’s bakery for over 20 years.  from baked goods to delicious lunches, their food gets high marks in my book.  to top off that home town feeling, all the staff are friendly and accommodating.”- kathy s."raphael’s has a great selection for lunch specials, and they make the best reuben sandwiches!you can never go wrong with their cup of soup and half sandwich of your choice for a quick, inexpensive and homemade lunch."- christine p."i recently purchased some hotdog buns and i can honestly say they were the best i have ever had.  they were so fresh, light and tasty."- tracy w.“raphael’s donuts are the best. once you’ve tried them, you’ll never go anywhere else!”-kirin p."raphael’s bakery is a must for the bemidji area. they have the best breads and desserts, plus a wonderful breakfast and lunch menu. the food is fantastic and the service is great!"- holly h."i contacted raphael's bakery for my daughter's birthday. she was traveling through bemidji, hawkin and the team helped me get birthday cupcakes to her hotel and assisted me in making her birthday special from miles away! the yummy cupcakes and surprise was a hit! i can't praise them enough."- michelle c.





made from scratch.
crafted with passion.





make sure to follow us on facebook! 





check us out on instagram! 





(218) 444-buns 





319 minnesota ave nwbemidji, mn 56601 





tuesday - friday: 6:00am–5:30pmsaturday: 6:00am–2:00pmsunday - monday: closed 

cafe menu


weekly specials


bakery menu






homeaboutbakerybreakfast & lunchweekly specialscontactcopyright © 2025 pinnacle marketing group | privacy policy
scroll to top              

