




texas incarcerated families association - texas incarcerated families association






















texas incarcerated families associationhome
about

about
news and updates
our stories
board of directors and staff
history of tifa
advocacy
contact us


chapters

chapter administration


resources

overview
public

public documents
advocacy news, links and documents
custody & child support
helpful organizations
parole preparation
people and criminal justice blogs
re-entry
supporting your loved ones
tdcj resources and information
tifa newsletters
legislative updates
faqs


members

member only documents
newsletters (members only)




programs

overview


membership

join/renew
tifa membership application


events

workshops and webinars
chapter meetings
tifa events


donate
our work
press
shop tifa merchandise
board member and staff blog
legislative updates
member login

 
texas incarcerated families association
tifa is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. our mission is to serve people in texas prisons through education,  advocacy, and organizing.  we provide our members with the information and resources they need to navigate texas’s prison system.
we advocate for greater opportunities for currently and formerly incarcerated people.  we work with state officials and other criminal justice reform organizations to improve the conditions of prisons, probation, and parole.
join tifa
donate to tifa!
 parole workshop november 9, 2024

you are not alone
we know what you are going through. most of us have been where you are now, overwhelmed by all that is happening and fearful for the safety of our loved ones . . . shock, despair, confusion. losing someone to the system is very much like death. we grieve the loss of that person in our daily lives and the loss of all our hopes and dreams for a future with that loved one. you do not have to go through this alone.
resources
membership
advocating for you
the texas incarcerated families association advocates for our members to the texas department of criminal justice (tdcj) and the texas legislature.
tdcj updatespolitical resourceslegislative updates
the 89th legislative session is scheduled to meet from january 14, 2025, to june 2, 2025.  the earliest date a bill can be filed is november 11, 2024.  if you aren’t talking to your representatives, do so now.
tifa will be active during the session and launch its advocacy campaign soon.

 join tifadonate
 texas inmate families associationp.o. box 300220 austin tx 78703, (512) 371-0900, tifa@tifa.org
 © 2014 all rights reserved
 
association websites powered by membershipworks
