

wendy's adventures at usc film school, graduate production, los angeles



















posted:
        22jan2002

        update #1  

a chronicle of the 581a semester




topics discussed this update:



grades for last semester's classes
this semester's classes
ta-ship
omens & injuries
a letter from the mailbox





grades
fade up & zoom in...
  





grades for last semester's classes are posted above. you should've heard wendy whining about that b+, saying, "i should've got an a- in that class. i worked hard and turned in every assignment on time." =)








writing is one of her more challenging endeavors. most film school students enjoy conjuring up intriguing ideas for stories. but it requires tons of discipline to sit down and transform creative ideas into a coherent script.

          the bad thing is that writing the feature script (b+) carries 4 units, and therefore weighs twice as heavily on her gpa as the other two classes. the good news is that this is the first graduate semester in which she received two full a's.
wendy's face lit up like a 6-year-old on christmas morning when she saw the grade (a) that nina foch gave her (for directing actors for film class). this was wendy's first advanced-level class.

  despite the harmless-looking photo, nina can be a terror in the classroom. she's not easy to please, and when she doesn't like something, it's no secret. students come to nina's class prepared .. or they don't come at all.
nina was out sick for much of the semester, but an impressive stream of her former students, who have 'made it' in the industry, stepped in to substitute for her .. a different one each week. 

          wendy greatly enjoyed these 'guests' from the industry. they put a lot of effort into each class. this is one of the things that makes usc a little different from your average film school.

          wendy feels that 551 (planning the advanced production) was the single most-useful class she's had at usc .. cuz it teaches the actual mechanics of making a movie. and that's what film school is all about.
this semester's classes
this semester marks the beginning of wendy's third year. she'll 
          be taking two classes this semester, worth a total of 8 
          units:


 581a - individual production workshop (4 
              units)
541 - intermediate interactive multimedia workshop 
              (4 units)


581 is known as the advanced project, or the thesis 
          project. it's what film school students live for: the chance to 
          make your own movie. 581 runs three consecutive semesters 
          (including the summer). semesters are structured like so:


581a => polish script, pre-production & shoot 
              [this semester] 
581b => edit, post-production [summer semester]
581c => post-sound, sound-design, scoring, & 
              mix [fall, 2002]


to modify a creed from the army: the more you sweat in pre-production, 
          the less you bleed in production. wendy is generally good at pre-production. 
          during the 
          508 semester, she & lisa 
          were always done shooting before other groups.

          pre-production involves a host planning-related activities such as, 
          script-polishing, 
          scheduling, 
          location-scouting, budgeting, 
          casting, crewing-up, fundraising, securing corporate sponsors, publicity, 
          costumes, props, set-design & construction .. uh, not necessarily 
          in that order. =)
if all goes well (which it never does) she'll walk away with a 12-minute 
          movie to her name. some students take nothing but 581 
          during their 'a' semester. this allows them to focus single-mindedly 
          on developing their thesis-project film.

the other class that wendy will be taking this semester (interactive 
          multimedia) is a mandatory requirement. she'd actually rather 
          take a different class, called script analysis, with a prof named 
          david howard. she read his book the 
          tools of screenwriting (twice!) two years ago, and *loved* it. this 
          class would also help her develop her story idea. (she already sat in 
          on one class.) everybody raves about this class.

          but she feels compelled to take the interactive multimedia class, 
          cuz it's a requirement. she's heard too many stories about students 
          who can't graduate cuz they have *one* required class remaining.

          from the syllabus:

 this course focuses on the design and theory of narrative-based 
            interactive media. we will work primarily with computer games, databases, 
            and the internet as the emergent loci. course themes will include: 
            
cyber culture in cinema
narrative structures of computer games
artificial characters
metaphors in computer interfaces

            the course will introduce technologies through popular software, such 
            as macromedia 
            director and adobe 
            photoshop. texts: 
            
director 
                8 demystified, macromedia press (required, one of the fattest 
                books i've ever seen)
director 
                in a nutshell, o'reilly (recommended)



as part of the discussion about cyber culture, the prof mentioned 
          the book, snow 
          crash. some of my techie friends feel that this is the best book 
          they've ever read.

          wendy is already familiar with both macromedia director and adobe photoshop, 
          so she feels that the class won't distract too much from the demands 
          of her thesis project, which will be considerable. you can see an example 
          of some photoshop mojo that she threw together in a collage 
          at her site.
ta-ship
wendy got a ta position for an advanced editing class, called 
          editing the advanced project (543). she *also* got a position 
          as personal assistant to jim mitchell, head of the editing 
          dept. 

          wendy's was jim's ta last semester, for an intermediate editing 
          class (535). apparently he liked working with her. nancy 
          wang, who is wendy's producer for her thesis project, was jim's 
          personal asst last semester (nancy rocks).

          i think wendy gets 5 units (total) for these two positions, which 
          means she only has to pay for 3 units this semester. 

luke got the 508 
          ta-ship that wendy was vying for. she said luke was happy about getting 
          the position, which pays 8 units, but found that he can't take 
          any good classes, cuz the 508 class for which he is ta'ing conflicts 
          with all the good classes (tuesday/thursday schedule).
omens & injuries
the evening of the day that wendy learned she got 
          green lit, she went dancing after dinner (sushi) with her friend 
          natalie ('nads'), an undergrad classmate, who is now producing.








wendy was in a celebratory mood, but she was also feeling the pressure of making her own movie. i don't think she thought she was really going 
          to be selected. she had the idea that the faculty would pick upperclassmen 
          first, and that she'd get green-lit during the summer. 

          getting green lit was a surprise, and meant that the race is on. 
          if you've stayed after a movie to watch the credits roll (..and roll, & roll), you have an idea of how much work is involved.

          anyway, the girls were drinking sake. natalie has russian blood (for 
          real), and is seemingly impervious to alcohol, but wendy spent much 
          of the next day in the bathroom, on her knees, praying to the great, 
          white, porcelain god. i believe his name is ralph, cuz that is 
          the name she kept calling out repeatedly from her position of worship. 
          i'd never seen her so religious.

          she wasted a couple of days recuperating, and then decided to take the 
          kids skiing for christmas. i had a bad feeling about the 
          ski trip. i told her that she just got the biggest opportunity of her 
          life (getting green lit), and that she shouldn't do anything to jeopardize 
          that. i felt like she was tempting fate, but she would hear none 
          of it.
she tweaked her knee while testing some new 'powder skis' on a steep 
          face at heavenly 
          valley (tahoe), getting into position to shoot 
          video of the kids snowboarding off a jump. one leg went one way 
          .. the other went another. she said, "i heard something snap." 
          

          the snow that day was heavy - ideal conditions for snapping tendons. 
          wendy told the people in the ski shop that she was an 'expert' skier, 
          which means they cranked her bindings down real tight. wendy thought 
          she was 18 years old again, but her body refused to believe it.
next thing ya know, ski patrol is toting her away on a stretcher. 
          doc said she tore a ligament (acl, left knee), and will need surgery 
          if she ever wants to do active stuff again, like hiking 
          or backpacking. she's was hobbling around on crutches, with a brace 
          on her knee & sad look on her face. she getting better, tho.

          if i said, "i told ya so" once, i must've said it a hundred 
          times over the last few weeks. every time she asks me to carry something 
          for her, i say, "ya know, if you would've listened to me..." 
          of course, she hates that. =)

          so things haven't started out so great. when i ask her about these self-inflicted 
          wounds coming so soon on the heels of getting green-lit, she replies 
          by saying, "you obviously know nothing about the creative process." 
          i hope this doesn't mean that she plans to cut 
          off her left ear next.

          the good news is that she's not had single drop of alcohol since the 
          night with natalie, and has been focusing on developing her story.

          sometimes a little humbling can be a good thing. i heard that michael 
          jordon was cut from his high school basketball team...

reader mail
wendy receives letters from people who find these updates via internet 
          search 
          engines. i posted one of these letters, from a girl named tara, 
          who is currently a poetry major at sarah 
          lawrence college, near nyc. she'll be graduating in may and has 
          applied to usc film school (she won't find out until april whether she 
          is accepted). you can find her letter ->[here].

          i can't help but feel that a poetry major would make an ideal 
          platform from which to approach filmmaking, as it also uses the language 
        of imagery. we wish her all the best.
 an updated copy of wendy's script 
          is posted here. the file is password protected (she doesn't 
          want spielberg 
          to steal her idea). if you'd like to check it out, let me know and i'll 
          send you the password. 

          it has developed considerably over the last several months. i'm sure 
          she'd appreciate any constructive criticism you might have. sometimes 
          it helps to have a fresh set of eyes look at your script.

          the logline 
          for her story reads like this: 

the divorce of her parents tempts elena to give up on love and sends 
            her reeling into a fanta-sea world where mythical creatures challenge 
            her to face her pain and embrace love again.

a logline is industry lingo for a single sentence that sums up your 
          story. 

          fade to black...







next => [update 
            #2] previous -> [wendy's 
            usc film school chronicles, fall 2001]
            [breakwater 
            home] [breakwater 
            photos] [favorite 
            filmmaking books]

[contact 
            wendy]__[lagunacinema 
            home]__[radified 
            home]
            [wendy's 
          usc graduate film school chronicles, master index]
 





