





tempest




































photo by irene young
tempest 1994 vintage clockwise from top left: ian * lief * jon * adolfo * rob 
	  




celebrating 37 years of celtic rock!
since forming in 1988, tempest has delivered a globally-renowned hybrid of high-energy folk rock, fusing irish reels, scottish ballads, norwegian influences and other world music elements. the last 30-plus years have seen the san francisco bay area-based act release eighteen critically acclaimed albums, and play more than 2,500 gigs.
the current line-up of the band features all the original members, performing a variety of selections from the band's extensive repertoire, sparking with vitality and energy.
hailing from oslo, norway, founder and lead singer/electric mandolinist, lief sorbye, is recognized as a driving force in the modern folk-rock movement. he started tempest after years of touring and recording on the folk circuit.
he is joined by bay area native rob wullenjohn on guitar and san diego's ian butler on bass. rob and ian rejoined the band after performing an impromptu reunion concert in berkeley, california, that rekindled the original spirit of tempest.
vermont born fiddler jon berger first joined the band in 1993. he is now back, bringing his passion for celtic and british isles traditional music.
audience favorite, cuban-born drummer adolfo lazo, thickens the band's sound with inventive rhythms, and rock-steady drumming. after more than three decades adolfo has never missed a tempest gig!
tempest is regularly featured at prestigious festivals such as the philadelphia folk festival, and has also appeared at denmark's skagen festival, britain's cropredy festival and the winnipeg folk festival in canada. the band is a mainstay at countless american celtic festivals, as well.
while signed to progressive rock label magna carta records tempest released a number of critically acclaimed albums over the years. however their latest album "going home' was produced on their own independent label, and it's one of their best to date!











follow us






to receive schedule updates and news: 
- join 
  mailing list - 



new cd!








release date 3/17/22




site maintained by:
dave farmer 


site designed by:
debi segal gold 








 








news *
  discography *
  order cds *
  articles *
  tour dates

evolution *
  photos *
  caliban *
  links *
  booking & pr info




