


the menagerie





















irene
      adler meets a javelina.




[click
      here to skip text and go straight to navigation
      buttons.]




although
      the content of this site is current, its design is not. 
      it's been out there for ages and was developed for 1024 x 768 resolution.
      some pages may not display quite right at higher resolutions.
      a major site overhaul is underway, but it's going to take awhile.



a
      brief introduction




my
      name is jennifer and my husband's name is chris.  we have lots and
      lots of animals and this web site is about
      them.  both of us have worked as veterinary technicians, though we
      now work in different fields, and i do wildlife rehabilitation on a small
      scale, specializing in reptiles and amphibians.




we
      live in a small, rural community southwest of tucson, arizona usa.



about
      the website



the
      site is by no means complete and i will add more animals in the
      future.  most of the animals featured here are our pets, though the
      javelina and bats are native wildlife.  (i also slipped in a few non-animal-related scenery pages just for fun.)



we
      have encountered what seems like more than our fair share of medical
      problems in our pets, and i'm hoping our experiences may help someone else
      facing similar problems.  to that end, i've created a medical page
      for each animal who has had a problem, on which the problem, the
      treatment, and the outcome are described.




i
      have also included pages with some basic information on caring for sugar
      gliders, geese, and pot-bellied pigs.



questions? 
      technical issues?



if
      you have questions about anything on this site, please feel free to use
      any of the e-mail me buttons on these pages to contact me and i
      will reply as soon as possible, depending on the volume of e-mail.




if
      you encounter any technical problems with the site (pictures not
      displaying, incorrect or broken links, etc.) you are more than welcome to
      tell me about by e-mail.  my  technical
      support team will fix them.



if
      you are wondering...




if
      you are curious about what it would be like to have lots of critters, here
      are a few thoughts:






we don't own fancy cars, wear expensive
          clothes, buy high-tech stereo equipment, etc.  money that other folks
          might spend on those things goes to animal food, supplies, and
          veterinary care.

it is just about
          impossible for us to go on vacation together, as very few people are
          willing to babysit all the critters.

going out for the
          evening requires quite a bit of planning, as the diurnal animals need
          to be cleaned up after and given their dinner, and the nocturnal ones
          need to be set up for their active period.

i'm picky about my
          house, so i end up doing a lot more housework than the average person
          to ensure we don't find ourselves living in a sea of kitty litter and
          cat hair.

we find ourselves
          going to the vet quite a bit, both for vaccinations and other
          maintenance care and for any health problems that arise.  this is
          not cheap...

in the summer, when
          the reptiles are awake, we usually have 2 - 2 1/2 hours worth of
          animal chores every day.

the
          animal chores have to be done whether it is raining, snowing, or
          112ºf (44.4ºc) outside - and we get all three conditions in this
          part of the country.






to
      me, putting up with all of the above is more than worth it.











updated july 5,
      2013




    
          
          
      




    
          
          
      




    
          
          
      


 


