government grants mall for free government grants and money, small business grants, college grants and grants for families and individuals













 home
          | about
          us   | faqs   | members access |  grants details |  newsletters




receive $50,000 in free government grants
get your share today - immediate online access!














 
special report: thousands of ordinary people receive free government grants and money every day. so can you!

get your share today. join for immediate online access!


welcome to grantsmall.com. most of us dream about getting enough money to erase all our financial worries, buy that special dream house, secure a new car, take a luxurious trip, pay for college and much more. 


many of us don't realize that the u.s. government and literally thousands of private foundations will distribute over $30,000,000,000 (yes, that's $30 billion) each year to individuals and small business for any reasonable need. 

this free grant money requires no credit check, collateral, security deposits or co-signers, you can apply even if you have a bankruptcy or bad credit, it doesn't matter, you as a tax payer and u.s. citizen are entitled to this money.

you decide how much money you need, as long as it's a lawful amount and meets with the government agencies criteria. this money is non taxable & interest free and is yours to keep and never has to be repaid! 

most people never apply for free grants because they somehow feel it isn't for them, feel there's too much red-tape, or simply don't know the existence of these programs or who to contact.  the fact is, however, that people from all walks of life do receive free grants money and other benefits from the government, and you should also.


we will show you how to obtain this money fast. we provide you with all the information and tools you need to successfully secure any grant for you. 
this grant money can be used to start a home business, get an education, expand your current business, buy a new home, repair your home, pay rent, down payment for home purchase, pay mortgage payments, pay utility bills, purchase a new car, pay for groceries, pay childcare expenses, pay for fuel, pay general living expenses, pay for academic tutoring, purchase clothing, purchase school supplies, pay legal services, pay summer camp expenses, pay off debts, pay for music lessons, pay for art lessons, pay for any extracurricular activities, pay real estate taxes, medical expenses, disablility assistance, general welfare and much more! 

why is grant money available? 


 the federal and state governments 
            are required by law to issue grants for many diverse needs. the influx 
            of grant money into the economy creates jobs, which in turn creates 
            more tax revenue and reduces individual (and corporate) dependency 
            on government subsistence programs. 







with our economy in severe downturns, the need to distribute this free money and create jobs to jump start the economy has become 
                  critical. 
                  many corporations and foundations are required to grant a 
                  certain amount of their assets annually for a variety of 
                  reasons. foundations are required to give away at least 5% of 
                  their total assets each year to maintain their tax-exempt 
                  status. 
                  all of these programs don't require credit checks, 
                  collateral, security deposits or co-signers, even if you have 
                  a bankruptcy or bad credit, you as a taxpayer and u.s. citizen 
                  are entitled to this money. 
government grants programs 

everyday the federal government gives grants to businesses ranging from large corporate bail
  out’s to helping average people start their own small business. they also give grant 
  money to students, men, women, children and minorities to go to attend private
  schools and colleges or to also lend them a helping hand with everyday living expenses,
   medical bills, general welfare and much more! 
state programs
all 50 states are a major source of financial aid and assistance to small businesses and
  individuals. they offer grants money and low interest loans for businesses to
  purchase buildings, land, equipment inventory and free grant money to individuals for personal, professional and economic needs.

who can apply for free grants? 
anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up! 


don't pass up this great opportunity.....claim your piece of the 
            american pie! the money is available to you as long as you can show 
            a legitimate need. 



what types of grants are available? 

the types and numbers of grants available are vast and many. here 
            we provide you with a few different types but please keep in mind 
            there are many, many more.... 

personal need grants!
this category encompasses many 
              different, diverse programs specific to many different personal 
              needs. get grant money to purchase a new home, repair an existing 
              home, travel the world, buy a new car and on and on. 
              the following represent a small subset of the programs 
              available. you will find many, many more in our directories, 
              databases and resources. 
              qualify for up to $130,000 in personal grants.










home purchase
home repair
mortgage payments
rent
school supplies
real estate taxes
utility bills


 new car
groceries
child care/day care
fuel
legal services
medical bills
public transportation


 general living 
                  expenses
disability assistance
housing assistance
consumer debt
lesson payments
tutoring/teaching
clothing ......and much more!









business grants!



if you are thinking of starting or expanding a business, 
                  this is the category for you. did you know ross perot started 
                  his first company with free government grant money? or that 
                  amazon.com, ameritrade and ritz camera all received money to 
                  start or expand their businesses? 
                  the u.s. government understands small business is essential 
                  to a vibrant economy. 
                  as a result, many grants and low interest loan programs are 
                  available to stimulate small business. as a business owner or 
                  future entrepreneur, you may qualify for a variety of grants 
                  from public and private sources designed to enhance, expand or 
                  initiate your business. 
this category encompasses many different, diverse business in various service, retail, wholesale and manufacturing sectors.  to list a few, grant money are available to open or expand a bookstore, a flower shop, a hair saloon, a day care center, a furniture store, a bar, a liquor store, a computer store, an auto repair shop, a restaurant, a coffee shop, a bakery, a sewing shop, a clothing store, a furniture store, a rental store, a gift shop, a brewery, a film studio, an art studio, a cooking school, a courier service, a typing service, a travel service, a cleaning service, a yard and garden service, trucks for transportation, a motel, a farm, business related to the internet and much more! we've listed only a few business but please keep in mind there are many, many more...
                  qualify for up to $250,000 in business 
                  grants.









startup grant
expansion grant
grant for nonprofit orgnization

grant for philanthropists




grant for technolgy start up, expansion

grant for community

acquisition 
                  expenses
legal expenses



patent registration

patent protection
infrastructure funding
...and much more!









educational grants!



you will find many diverse educational grant programs in our databases, directories and resources. 
                  qualify for up to $50,000 in educational 
                grants.





graduate school 

undergraduate school 
secondary school 
primary school 
                

preschool
nursery school
business mgmt
computer science


medical school
nursing school
private school
...many other disciplines and much more!



why should you purchase our grantsmall guide to free government grants? 
having been involved in fundraising for more than twelve years, and having spent countless hours in the pursuit of grants and funding, we have become extremely successful at obtaining funding over the past twelve years. we have helped thousands of 
            people secure grants and ultimately change their lives with our 
            grantsmall guide to free government grants. 
            we can show you how to obtain free grants money fast. we provide you 
            with all the information and tools you need to successfully secure any grant for you. 
            we have faith and confidence in our guide. unlike many other so called 
            "grant guide" or "grant cd" duds on the web today, our grantsmall guide will help you get free grants in the shortest time possible! we also don't want to pry as many 
            dollars from you as so many other web sites do. we 
            believe in charging an honest and fair price and offering much in 
            return. 
           no body does it better!
why waste your valuable time and money on other overpriced and worthless grant guide or so called "grant cd" duds on the web today?
our grantsmall guide to free government grants is 
            the guide you need to get free grants! 
 


what will you have access to? 
we will provide you with access to the 
            following... 







access 
                  to over 1,453 federal government grant programs.

access 
                  to over 31,089 private foundation grant programs.

access 
                  to state government grant programs in each of the 50 states.

access 
                  to education grant resources throughout the united states and 
                  abroad. 

access 
                  to thousands of government grant programs providing assistance 
                  for home buying and ownership, home repair, small businesses, 
                  home improvement, land purchase, site preparation for housing, 
                  health, assistance and services for the unemployed, job 
                  training, federal employment, education, and much, much 
                more.

access 
                  to government business resources for grant funding and small 
                  business advice. 

the 
                  names, addresses and phone numbers for grant specialists in 
                  your state. these professionals will direct you through each 
                  step of the grant writing process.

grant 
                  application forms for federal/state governments and private 
                  foundation programs.

grant 
                  writing tutorial ebook - writing grant requests and knowing 
                  the techniques and tactics to successfully obtain grants, is 
                  one of the most important parts of the grant seeking 
                process.
 free bonuses 
                        

if you order today, we are also going to offer the following 
            free bonuses (valued at over 
            $200). note we reserve the right to discontinue the free bonus offer 
            at any time. so order today to receive these free bonuses. 
            





  bonus 
            # 1 - the "make money with government auctions" software 
            package
learn how to buy merchandise for 
            pennies on the dollar and resell for huge profits. our software 
            package will allow you to interface directly with all government 
            auctions, liquidations, foreclosures, lien sales, estate sales, bulk 
            lot sales, and more. what kind of property will you find at these 
            auctions?.....






real estate

jewelry 


vehicles

antiques


electronics 

aircraft 


art

collectibles 


boats

commercial property


equipment

supplies


wearing apparel

and much, much 
            more!
...all for pennies on the dollar. this program gives you 
            point-and-click access to over 40 federal government auction 
            sites plus over 75 additional sites at the state and 
            local levels that include surplus and unclaimed property. this 
            package is normally valued at $35. but if you order "the 
            grantsmall guide to free government grants" today it will be included free with your purchase. 




  bonus 
            # 2 - the "cashflow reporter" software 
            package
this great software package contains hundreds of reports 
            that show you how to make and save significant amounts of money. 
            here are a few report titles...






how to buy a car for $50 over cost. 
                  
wipe out debts without bankruptcy. 
                  
how to raise up to $200,000 in 24 hours. 
                  
how to get an $800 loan by mail. 
                  
where to buy land for $100 an acre. 
                  
stop paying real estate taxes. 
                  ...and much, much more. 
            
you'll find this package on other sites for as much as 
            $48. this package is included free with your purchase. 




  bonus 
            # 3 - the credit secrets ebook
this e-book is jam packed with 
            excellent information that would be useful to anyone - not just 
            those with bad credit!  these are the very same credit secrets 
            that celebrities use!  it's legal and best of all, the 
            process is free! plus what's even better are the techniques 
            to improve your credit rating without losing any good credit items 
            that you may have the way you would by opening an entirely new file. 
            either way...you come out a winner in the credit game! 
            this ebook retails for $19.99 on the web. but it will be 
            given away completely free today 
            with your "grantsmall grants guide" purchase. 




  bonus 
            # 4 & 5 - special surprise bonuses
no, we haven't finished yet! we will also give away two other special bonuses. these are ebooks/software that everybody needs and 
            everybody can benefit from. these two ebooks (bonus 4 & 5) change on a regular basis 
and as an extra benefit for purchasing today, you will have access to all the new ebooks, downloads and software we post on our members site. 
            the value of these ebooks/software (bonus 4 & 5) can range anywhere in value 
            from $39 to $80 depending on the items posted at any given time. as 
            always, these items (and any new items 
            posted as long as we remain in business) are yours 
            free with your grants guide purchase. 




the grantsmall grants guide is jam packed with lots of great 
            strategies, techniques and secrets available only from our members 
            site. this is a 600-page 
            guide unlike any other available on the web today. many of 
            our competitors are charging up to $300 for their claim of similar but worthless grant guides or grant cd. 
            our grantsmall grants guide, along with all the other special bonuses (valued at over $200) 
            and software is yours for the unbelievably low price of 
            $19.99. 
"your grantsmall guide has helped turn our family around. no more fighting over money. thanks for the information. "
- the peterson family indianapolis indiana










 
                    click 
                      below to order the grantsmall guide to free government 
                      grants & money for only $19.99

 

please click on the above "?" for details about the price.

limited 
                      time offer prices subject to change at any time


secure payment processing by
 



upon 
                        successful completion of payment, you will be able to 
                        enter into the paid members section where you can download/view your grantsmall guide to free government grants & money and all the bonuses.


click 
                        here to order by check 







bookmark 
              this site
(ie users only)
© 
              grantsmall.com all rights reserved.









