


home - hoboken ski club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome event calendar2024-2025 season trips killington, vt breckenridge, co stowe, vt zermatt, swi valgardena italy expanded val gardena italy telluride, co sugarbush, vt killington 80s weekend jay peak, vt member signup hsc member benefitsabout about us policies contact us






 
trips on sale now! see trips tab above for more details!
 


one male land only spot left on telluride!! message telluride@hobokenskiclub.com
spots available on sugarbush!! message sugarbush@hobokenskiclub.com

current trips on sale!

 
     









 




announcing our 2024-25 trip schedule

we’re happy to announce our big trip schedule for ‘24-25! 
 
please contact trip leaders with any questions. event information above in the 2024-2025 season trip menu.



 

















epic and ikon passes for the 2024-2025 season are on sale now!
 

click here to buy yours through the ski club today! 
 
what pass do i buy for the 2024/25 season?
 
we know you all love to ski and snowboard and we want to provide you with flexibility to maximize your season. the hoboken ski club will have both epic and ikon trips.
we are currently designing the upcoming season. in the meantime, if you already know the pass you will be purchasing, please buy your pass through our partnership with ski.com to get a discount on a club trip. 
 
buying using the club link sets you up for up to a $50 credit (if you buy full epic or full ikon pass) or $30 credit (if you buy epic local and ikon base pass) for one of our flight trips arranged by ski.com*. please see our club communication dated april 2, 2024 for first-time ikon pass holders. 

keep in mind if you plan to sign up for fewer trips, local or day passes might be a great money-saving option compared to the full pass.


* note this does not guarantee a spot on our trips, you will still need to go through the normal sign-up process for each trip on sale date. you are also responsible for letting your trip leader know that you purchased through this link so we can process credits for you in a timely fashion.








hoboken ski club cancellation & refund policy







facebook feed
hobokenskiclub/








upcoming events
upcoming events




























home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









