   lasik des moines | cataract surgery des moines, iowa      about usdoctorsmichael versackas, m.d., facsejaz husain, m.d., facsnaveen husain, m.d.chris miller, o.d.jeffrey newland, o.d.lasik/asalasik des moineswhy choose us?our philosophycustom lasikcustom asa (flap-free)lasik self-testwhy not discount lasik?faqstestimonialslasik savings calculatorcataractscataract surgerylifestyle lens implantsrefractive lens exchangecataract-laser optionscataract self-testtestimonialsglaucomaglaucoma sltglaucoma istent injectnarrow angle glaucomagoniotomyservicesdry eye centeropticalcontact lensexperienceresourcesfinancing optionseducation and videostechnologyformsprivacy practicescontact usrequest an appointmentlocations about usdoctorsmichael versackas, m.d., facsejaz husain, m.d., facsnaveen husain, m.d.chris miller, o.d.jeffrey newland, o.d.lasik/asalasik des moineswhy choose us?our philosophycustom lasikcustom asa (flap-free)lasik self-testwhy not discount lasik?faqstestimonialslasik savings calculatorcataractscataract surgerylifestyle lens implantsrefractive lens exchangecataract-laser optionscataract self-testtestimonialsglaucomaglaucoma sltglaucoma istent injectnarrow angle glaucomagoniotomyservicesdry eye centeropticalcontact lensexperienceresourcesfinancing optionseducation and videostechnologyformsprivacy practicescontact usrequest an appointmentlocationswelcome toassociated ophthalmologistsproviding 20/20 vision for over 50 yearstired of glasses or contacts?free lasik evaluation get started now!voted top docsdes moines magazinepremium cataract surgeryfinally, the opportunityto be free from reading glasses and bifocals get started now! 515-244-eyes (3937) request an appointment schedule an appointment lasik self-test cataract self-test contact uswelcome toassociated ophthalmologistsproviding 20/20 vision for over 50 yearswe, the physicians and staff of associated ophthalmologists, wish to welcome you to our practice.our goal is to provide the best possible care for all your eyecare needs, including small incision, no-stitch cataract surgery, state-of-the-art laser vision correction, advanced technology lifestyle lens implantation, customized contact lens fitting, and dry eye management. we pride ourselves on our experienced and board-certified physicians and staff, next generation equipment and technology, and commitment to our community.after more than 50 years of serving patients with comprehensive eyecare needs, we have become recognized as a leading center for eye care in des moines and the surrounding communities in iowa. we are dedicated to providing you with the highest care possible in a professional and friendly environment. we specialize in laser vision correction and cataract surgery with advanced technology lifestyle lenses. laser vision correction  cataract surgery  glaucoma  contact lens and optical  dry eye center our comprehensive eye care servicesour comprehensive eyecare services will meet all your medical, surgical and optical needs.we are committed to providing you with state-of-the-art technological advances and surgical approaches.among the services we routinely provide are:advanced technology lifestyle intraocular lens implants that provide a full-range of vision after cataract surgerywavefront-guided custom lasik and advanced surface ablation (asa)complimentary lasik/asa consultationsmicro-invasive glaucoma surgery (migs)comprehensive eye examinationsexpert contact lens servicesdry eye managementonsite optical center, family eyewear24-hour emergency care serviceswhat our patients are sayingjust a few words of thanks following my recent lasik eye surgery.my vision continues to improve but nothing could improve my opinion of you and your staff. making the decision to go through with the procedure is tough enough, but getting over the fear-factor is the toughest part.you and your staff did a wonderful job of erasing my fears through thorough pre-operation education, caring enough to physically hold my hand during the procedure and personal follow-up by the same physician who put the laser to my eyes. thanks to you i can see clearly now without my glasses but i can also see clearly that you, doctor husain, are the man when it comes to lasik eye surgery.steve k.(lasik surgery patient)i recommend dr. husain to anyone who wants to improve their vision and throw away their glasses.  when we go out to dinner i now tell everyone who reaches for their glasses to give me the menu and i will read it for them.  i had the tecnis multifocal lenses and now have 20/20 vision.  thank you, dr. husain.michael m.(multifocal iol patient)dr. husain did an amazing on my asa procedure. i had zero pain and regained around 85% vision in just a few days. i now have 20/15 vision and am so happy that i got the procedure done. i wholeheartedly recommend dr. husain to anybody. looking to have asa, lasik, or any other type of laser vision correction.marc e.(advanced surface ablation)i was so sure that increasingly poor vision would erode the quality of my life as i continue to age – that there was nothing i could do but except the inevitable. you changed all that. life still offers miracles - cataract surgery under your skilled hands is one.three little words – i can see! the gift of sight is priceless. you are an artist, you and your staff have my deepest gratitude and respect. thank you so much for changing my life!sandy s.(cataract surgery patient)went in for a consultation, dr. husain walked me through what worked for me, and that ended up being asa surgery that we prepped for and scheduled for the summer. he’s incredibly open and straightforward on how you need to take care of your eyes, and it was definitely the advice i needed to stick to the pre- and post- care regimen. my vision is beyond what i expected it’d be, the whole office team is very helpful and accommodating, and i would (and have been) recommending this office to friends and family!z-shan b.(advanced surface ablation)nothing can prepare you for that eye appointment when your doctor says you have cataracts — unless you have a fantastic ophthalmologist like dr.husain and his staff. i was amazed at the efficiency, caring professionalism from dr. husain, his staff, and the surgery center. they were so well prepared with written and verbal directions, before, during, and after eye care to make me feel confident in their hands. dr. husain completed one eye’s cataract surgery and the next a week later. his expertise was pivotal in my eye surgery success. i went with the multifocal lens and i’m so pleased with my choice.it’s fantastic waking up every morning and being able to see my clock. this is the first time since i was 11 that i can see without any glasses. it is so worth every amount of money to not wear heavy bifocal glasses. it is so worth every amount of money to not wear heavy bifocal glasses. gone is the worry of broken or lost glasses, or purchasing new glasses every time my eye prescription changed. i highly recommend dr. ejaz husain for cataract surgery! bravo to his caring staff.jeannine r.(cataract surgery patient)just had my annual exam, 10 years after lasik performed by dr. ejaz husain. still going strong at 20/15 — for a full decade — no corrective lenses of any kind! prior to the surgery, i couldn’t see more than a foot in front of my face and couldn’t remember a time in my life without glasses. even so, i was concerned about losing the sight i did have.after a lot of questions and research, i scheduled the surgery. mere moments after surgery, i was able to see across the room. dr.husain’s friendly but direct approach during the first consult is the same 10 years later. by far, the best decision i could have made.sandy s.(lasik patient)it was a wonderful experience. i was nervous at first. i felt very confident in dr. husain, knowing he has done very many surgeries over several years and was highly recommended to me. the staff at both the office and surgery center was very caring and knowledgeable. after 46 years of wearing glasses, i can see without them. i only have to wear readers for fine print.kay h.(cataract surgery patient) read more testimonialslaser vision correctionassociated ophthalmologists provides wavefront-guided, custom lasik eye surgery and advanced surface ablation (flap-free laser vision correction) in des moines, iowa. the idesign 2.0 is the next generation in customized lasik treatments and is exclusively offered in des moines at associated ophthalmologists. learn more about laser vision correction take our lasik self-testlimit the need for glasses or contacts with advanced technology cataract surgerywould you like to decrease your dependency on glasses or contact lenses? now you can with lifestyle lens implants. thanks to advanced technology, individuals suffering from cataracts are no longer limited to monofocal lens implants after cataract surgery. this new lifestyle intraocular lens technology provides multiple ranges of vision — near, intermediate, and far — allowing you the opportunity to reduce or even eliminate the need for glasses after cataract surgery. learn more about cataracts take our cataract self-test  dr. michael versackas m.d., facs dr. ejaz husain m.d., facs dr. naveen husain m.d. dr. chris miller o.d. dr. jeffrey newland, o.d. our locationsmain office:1212 pleasant street suite 202 des moines, iowa 50309 515-244-eyes (3937) aopc202@dmeyemd.combusiness hours:monday - thursday 7:30 am - 4:00 pmfriday 7:30 am - 3:00 pmoptical shop:1212 pleasant street suite 101 des moines, iowa 50309 515-288-8828business hours:monday - thursday 7:30 am - 4:00 pmfriday 7:30 am - 3:00 pm      ©2025 all rights reserved.medical website design by glacial multimedia, inc. ©if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 515-244-3937.accessibility disclaimer || privacy policyback to top      




