




relocate-america.com – relocate prisoners now



























skip to content










post-incarceration obstaclesoverpopulationprison system flaws





menu
close





post-incarceration obstacles
overpopulation
prison system flaws





 











welcome to relocate-america.com. our mission is to enact policies that relocate prisoners to their homes to reduce overcrowding in prisons. incarcerated people deserve better treatment both inside prison and outside prison, as many people with criminal records struggle to find employment and housing.
latest articles:

americans struggle to find employment after incarceration
each year, more than 600,000 ex-offenders are released from state and federal prisons and back into society. many of them will face unique challenges…


the effectiveness of rehab centers vs prison
over the last half-century, the united states has proclaimed itself in a war against drug abuse. in june 1971, then u.s. president richard nixon proclaimed drug abuse…


the cost of prisons in america
have you or a loved one ever been kept in prison? this is a traumatic experience that can also prove to be extremely costly. it has been estimated that the government of the united states spends $80 billion…


the lack of effectiveness of prison in america
when we think about the people who are in prison, the idea is that these are criminals who deserve to be put away. not only do we want prisoners to be away from the public…








about us

we believe there are a large number of people that are incarcerated that can be safely relocated to either a home, rehab center, or mental health facility to prevent overcrowding and wasted tax dollars.

in addition to relocating inmates, we advocate for reforming the entire justice system in america, from police brutality, unfair laws, and poor quality-of-life prisons.

contact us

if you would like to reach us, we can be contacted at admin@relocate-america.com. please reach out with any questions, comments, or concerns you may have.






















				copyright 2021 | relocate-america.com | privacy policy 


















