







home loans - mortgage - refinance - fha loans - jumbo loans - catalyst mortgage























































 









skip to content









call or text today: (484) 680-4852      email: john@catalystmtg.com






































menu 
rates
purchase
refinance
ask an expert
company

about
blog
our reviews
resources

calculators
free reports
loan options
local resources
recommended professionals




apply now
 





menu 

 × rates
purchase
refinance
ask an expert
company

about
blog
our reviews
resources

calculators
free reports
loan options
local resources
recommended professionals




apply now
 



















your best friend in the  mortgage industry


apply online to see how much you can save with no obligation 











purchase a home 
it's quick and easy.
 
 












refinance a loan 
most competitive rates.
 
 

























 















your journey home starts here













 











welcome to jmloans.com, where our goal is to help you reach your goals.






whether you're a first time buyer, seasoned investor, or home owner wanting to put home equity to work, we've got the mortgage products to help.  we focus on a fast, streamlined process, competitive costs & rates, and product offerings that match the diversity of our customers.
 
we serve our clients and referral partners utilizing the latest in technology and 20+ years of experience to offer the easiest loan process available, completing loans start to finish far faster than industry averages.
 
john is personally licensed in az, ca, co, de, dc, fl, ga, in, md, mn, mt, nc, nj, nv, ok, or, pa, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, and wi. to help those in states where we're not licensed, we've also created a well vetted network of professionals around the country, so if you need a great referral to a realtor or a mortgage in a state we don't cover, ask here.
 
we welcome the opportunity to help with any mortgage needs you have, and invite you to reach out any time - you can call john at 949-247-7530.  and while you may get voicemail, when you're working with our team, you'll never be expected to talk to a robot.  we're people here to serve people, and can't wait to talk with you.









get started online




ask a professional

















get your free home value




free home search tool!





















why choose catalyst mortgage?






your industry experts, look no further.










0+5 star reviews
 










0+years experience
 










0day average close
 










0%superior service
 
























award winning mortgage technology







with our digital mortgage experience you can apply for a home loan on the go. simply click the button below to get started. the home loan process has never been easier to manage on the go.







apply today












our reviews
















 


gary g j 



with the help of his team of professionals john's firm and steady hand moved the process along quickly and efficiently. his outstanding communication skills did great service to all the individuals involved in the process from beginning to end. 





chad m s  



john continuously makes himself accessible for questions. also, prioritizes his clients and helps drive things forward in shortened timelines. 





ann t l  



my clients had previously worked with john meussner on other purchases and chose to rely on his expertise again for their 1031 exchange in southern shores, nc. john ensured a smooth and seamless process, even when my clients requested an accelerated timeline. he managed everything flawlessly. thank you once again for your promptness and attention to detail! 












view more reviews






























how much do you qualify for?


no obligation. no credit check. 

























 















finding a great loan involves careful consideration of your needs. we are here to help you every step of the way. 


















john meussner  | mlo nmls 138061






nmls# 236492
catalyst mortgage



















catalyst mortgage






office: (484) 680-4852
3013 douglas blvd
suite 135
roseville, ca 95661






business hours:
monday - friday: 8:30 am - 5:00 pm
saturday/sunday: by appointment






  

  









get the latest mortgageupdates in your inbox





















loan optionscalculatorslocal resourcesprivacy policyterms of use











www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
consumers wishing to file a complaint against a mortgage banker or a licensed mortgage banker residential mortgage loan originator should complete and send a complaint form to the texas department of savings and mortgage lending, 2601 north lamar, suite 201, austin, texas 78705. complaint forms and instructions may be obtained from the department’s website at www.sml.texas.gov. a toll-free consumer hotline is available at 1-877-276-5550.
the department maintains a recovery fund to make payments of certain actual out of pocket damages sustained by borrowers caused by acts of licensed mortgage banker residential mortgage loan originators. a written application for reimbursement from the recovery fund must be filed with and investigated by the department prior to the payment of a claim. for more information about the recovery fund, please consult the department’s website at www.sml.texas.gov.



















© 2025 www.jmloans.com - catalyst mortgage - login







mortgage marketing by 220 marketing - ccpa disclosure - partners login









 



















