



center church on the green – new haven, ct – an open and affirming united church of christ congregation


























































an open and affirming united church of christ congregationtoggle menu an open and affirming united church of christ congregation


menuhome

home
i’m new
about us
community
giving


services

sundays
sermons
music

listen




history

history
more history
architecture
the crypt


contact us
close

















 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





















center church on the green
first church of christ – new haven ct
the founding church of new haven, at the center of the green, where faith and culture intersect.
 






sunday service time: 11:00am
fantastic choir.  sermons that speak to your life.  believers and faithful doubters welcome!
 






upcoming events:  
february 17 7:30 p.m. anne maria lim will present her organ degree recital in woolsey hall (500 college street, new haven), as part of her master of music degree at yale university. all are welcome! admission is free and open to the public.
save the date:april 6 7:30 p.m. we are excited to announce that nathan laube will perform a solo organ recital, as the inaugural concert in a series of guest artists we will be hosting from around the world. mr. laube is a leading performer and pedagogue who is internationally beloved. he is currently the associate professor of organ at the eastman school of music. ticket sales will begin on march 3. please check back for details.
special announcements: in september 2024, we welcomed a new senior minister, the rev. dr. ashley cleere, and a new director of music and organist, anne maria lim. watch for bios and more updates on our website soon!
crypt tours: starting in november 2024, crypt tours are now available on the second sunday of each month at 10:00 am. gather in the narthex of the meetinghouse at 250 temple street. 















virtual tour 






click here for a tour of the church interior and the crypt:










interior #1
interior #2
interior #3
crypt



















history
    
our roots go back to 1638, when the puritans and their minister, the rev. john davenport, came here to found a colony and a church.  as the founding church of new haven, the people of center church have been walking together in faith for more than three centuries.
learn more




mission
    
we continue to honor our historic mandate of bringing the love and hope of jesus christ to new haven and its surrounding communities by offering meaningful worship services with beautiful music and thought-provoking sermons.
we are a people whose faith is in process, and we honor and respect the questions as much as the answers.
we believe a loving and gracious god calls us to use our minds along with our hearts and spirits.  so if you are a seeker, we invite you to join us!
we are open and affirming




services
    
we hope you will join us on sunday mornings at 11 a.m.  our sanctuary is stunning in its simple beauty; our organ and choir offer uplifting music, and the sermons challenge us to think and grow in faith.
there are opportunities for study, service and friendship. 
join us, if you can, but whether or not you visit, we thank you for taking the time to visit our website.  may god bless you and keep you.
learn more











i'm new - start here!
about us
community
giving












 

center church is a registered new haven connecticut landmark and a congregation of the southern new england conference of the united church of christ.
united church of christ
southern new england conference
design by: golden multimedia

locations meeting house (church services)
250 temple street
new haven, ct 06511
parish house (office and sunday school)
311 temple street
new haven, ct 06511
(203) 787-0121
directions

quick linkscontact us
sermons
social



center church on the green - new haven, ct  © 2016-2023




























