

















fair trade certified - sourcing program from fair trade usa









































 






 










menu

blognewsdonatepartner loginlanguageenglishespañol

 
 
 




 



menuwhy fair tradediscoverwhy fair tradeexplore key issuesall issueseducationenvironmentgender equityworker welfareblogfair trade and safe working conditionswhat we doour visionhow we workour impactwhat we certifysdgs community development fundstheory of changeinnovationwho we servicebrandsretailersproducersbloghow fair trade certified unlocks economic empowerment for womenget certifiedtradebrand and trader licensingtrade standardbrand & trader resourcesproducersproducer certificationstandardspartner directoryarticlehow fair trade supports esg goalsour communityexploreshop fair tradephilanthropic partnersjoin usdonatecampaignsour community articleeco-friendly projects at fair trade certified™ factoriesabout usinfoabout fair trade usaour historyour leadershipboard of directorsadvisory councilequity commitmentsustainable partnersupdatesnewsroomblogfinancial infocareers bloga letter from our interim ceo, felipe arango: looking forward in 2025get started



why fair trade

discover

why fair trade


explore key issues

all issues
education
environment
gender equity
worker welfare




what we do

our vision

how we work
our impact
what we certify
sdgs
community development funds
theory of change
innovation


who we service

brands
retailers
producers




get certified

trade

brand and trader licensing
trade standard
brand & trader resources


producers

producer certification
standards
partner directory




our community

explore

shop fair trade
philanthropic partners


join us

donate
campaigns
our community




about us

info

about fair trade usa
our history
our leadership
board of directors
advisory council
equity commitment
sustainable partners


updates

news
blog
financial info
careers




partner login
language

english
español


get started
 


select page


  
 
 



 












improving lives,protecting theplanet.

fair trade usa™ is a pioneering fair trade certifier, building an innovative model of responsible business, conscious consumerism, and shared value to eliminate poverty and enable sustainable development for farmers, workers, their families, and communities around the world.



get certified buy certified















 

thousands of products improving millions of lives
fair trade certified™ is an award-winning, rigorous, and globally recognized sustainable sourcing model that improves livelihoods, protects the environment, and builds resilient, transparent supply chains.
why fair trade









the impact of fair trade certification

when you see our fair trade certified label on a product, you can trust that it was made according to rigorous standards that protect the livelihoods of farmers, fishers, and other producer communities and the environment.









farmers, fishers, and workers are not guaranteed a minimum price or adequately compensated for their production; they are often not made aware of their rights or aren’t encouraged to provide feedback on improvements or needs.
less visibility into supply chains and lack of standards can result in exploitation of workers and the environment
no extra income provided for community investments








guaranteed minimum price that acts as a safety net for coffee farmers and producers when the market prices are low
rigorous fair trade certified standards ensure safe and healthy working conditions, the elimination of forced/child labor, fair and consistent compensation, and environmental protections and product traceability
producer communities receive additional compensation through community development funds











without fair tradecertification





with fair tradecertification



fair trade impact







what we certify

fair trade usa is constantly expanding its program into new categories and retail locations, making it easier than ever to shop your values! use your purchasing power for good by choosing from the thousands of items that feature the fair trade certified label.

see all








coffee





factory





floral





produce





consumer packaged goods





seafood














who we partner with

we work with more than 1,500 trailblazing partners that have transformed their business with fair trade certified. as a leading third-party certifier of fair trade products, our model is based on rigorously-maintained standards that set the global benchmark for sustainable sourcing.





brands








for brands



retailers








for retailers



producers








for producers







success stories






ricardo crisantes, co-owner and cco
producer, brand | wholesum
“fair trade is one of the most credible and effective certification models on the market that helps farmers improve their lives and develop their communities more sustainably. i’ve seen it’s powerful impact first hand on our family’s farms.”


helen russell, ceo
brand | equator coffees
“fair trade certified is an amazing initiative. what it does is it raises consciousness around what is possible when you use business as a force for good in the world. any company that adopts the fair trade model is making a statement in terms of who they are and what their vision is. consumers want ethically sourced products, and that’s what fair trade is all about. that’s why you see so many other companies buying fair trade products.”


steve shriver
co-founder, ceo | eco lips
“fair trade certified products take all stakeholders into account, not just the shareholders. we can confidently say that eco lips products are sustainably and ethically sourced, ensuring the growers are treated and compensated fairly. fair trade is the right thing for the people and the planet!”


reem hassani, co-founder & chief brand officer
brand | numi
“numi is proud to have partnered with fair trade usa for over 15 years. as a leading purchaser of organic, fair trade teas, working with an auditor that can ensure our dollars are put to good use improving farming communities’ lives strengthens our commitment and ability to make impact.”


sergio borquez, executive vp
producer, brand | campos borquez
“since our beginnings, we have always strived to nurture the ecosystems and communities. we have seen firsthand how the partnership with fair trade for almost 10 years can scale our reach and take on an important role in our company culture, helping us push our mission to another level.”


soren bjorn, president
producer | driscoll’s of the americas
“we reached the conclusion that we would benefit from having an outside party look at what we were doing. for our customers and consumers, it wasn’t enough to tell them that we were doing a great job. we really needed a partner. we looked long and hard at who could help us and decided to go with fair trade usa. they became our partner in verifying and communicating that we are doing a great job throughout our supply chain.”













resources & articles





 




fair trade usa™ and education in ivory coast









learn about certification
by partnering with us, you’ll be joining a diverse network of producers, companies, shoppers, and advocates who are committed to building a more equitable model of trade.
what we certify






join us
the fair trade community is a gathering place for fair trade shoppers, advocates, allies, and donors, united as changemakers creating a better world.
fair trade community





 

 

 
 









why fair trade
who we are
faq
careers
contact us


donate
report an issue
pay a bill






join the community













partner login






©fair trade usa is a 501(c)(3) | tax id: 41-1848081
privacy policy terms of use



 
 
 





















