


aci - access control innovation


















we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled.
you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.








 








main
products
download
support
about aci
contact us
latest news




contact us: info@aci-rfid.com
a company you can trust











manufacturerof rfid readers,modules & systems

leading edge technology
secure and reliable
low operational cost



learn more






our company at a glance

established since 1998
specialise in rfid readers, modules and systems



learn more






providesleading-edge business solutions

compact and custom design to individual needs
products available in 125 khz, 13.56 mhz, 900 mhz and 2.45 ghz



learn more

















 security
security alarm system, time & attendance system, lift control system, mailbox system, car parking system... etc
more






 controller
we provides easy-to-use system that covers from the simplest to large scale application
more






 readers
proprietary design using aci technology to read mifare card or any other iso14443 type a card serial number
more






 accessories
cards, key chain, data converter, network module, portable data downloader, data splitter... etc
more









aci - access control innovation

manufacturer of rfid readers, modules and systems. aci has been offering leading edge industrial qualified products since 1998. today, aci designs and manufactures the most complete line of radio frequency identification systems (rfid) and products available, ranging from 125 khz rfid, 13.56 mhz rfid, 900 mhz to 2.45 ghz long range rfid technology.



over 12 years experience
manufacturing & marketing
multiple platforms




high availability & more economy
custom design & compact casing
superior performance





systems supported by the innovation





time & attendance system
                      our software integrates advance technology with networking capability and supports full-featured time & attendance solution, such as sap and peoplesoft. more





lift & mailbox system
                      this can be integrated into elevator security for the building's tenants, or mailbox for extra security. more





car parking system
                      provides businesses and communities with hands-free control to ensure only authorized vehicles have entry. more








latest news



jun
2-4

aci joins asian securitex 2010
                  asian securitex 2010 will take place in the award-winning, multipurpose-built hong kong convention and exhibition centre which is one of the largest in asia. more



apr
4

aci launches mail box control management system
                  up to 640 mailboxes can be controlled by one single mailbox controller. more



feb
14

aci launches new standalone time & attendance terminal
              this small terminal with self-memory which can keep 5000 card list with 5000 transactions. more











     
    






access control innovation © 2010   |   privacy policy 


main
products
download
support
about aci
contact us
latest news







