




utahrails.net home page

























utahrails.net





utahrails.net




show menu
what's new
search



↑ go to top



welcome to utahrails.net

index for this page

this page was last updated on december 13, 2024.
here at utahrails.net, our aim is to provide in-depth historical information about railroading in utah.
any story about utah's railroads must also include background information about the industries the railroads serve, so you will also find information about mining companies, canning companies, and grain and flour mills and elevators, and eventually,  any company that shipped anything in a railroad car.
you will also find extensive research and information  about the various mining districts in utah, and the railroads that served them directly.
along with utah's fascinating railroad history, we also have available lots of history of the equipment of utah's railroads, such as locomotives, cabooses, passenger cars, and freight cars, for railroads that operated in utah, including union pacific,  d&rgw, utah railway, and kennecott copper.
at times it seems we've only scratched the surface, but progress is being made. this is truly a work in progress, so please come back often.
index pages
utah railroads -- index page for the history of railroading in utah, along with other information about utah's history, including railroad-related industrial and business history.
union pacific -- index page for  union pacific railroad, its history, its operations in utah, and its locomotive and caboose fleets.
rio grande -- index page for rio grande in utah, and its locomotives and cars.
utah railway -- index page for  utah railway, including full rosters of the road's steam and diesel locomotives. also included is the history of utah railway as part of the coal mines that the company served beginning in 1912.
southern pacific -- index page for  southern pacific in utah, including some limited sp locomotive information.
western pacific -- index page for  western pacific in utah, including some limited wp locomotive information.
uta's trax and frontrunner -- index page for  utah transit authority's trax light rail and frontrunner commuter rail, including  information about older street railroads and buses.
streetcars and street railroads -- index page for street railroads, streetcars and trolleys in utah, including the streetcars of salt lake city, ogden, logan, and provo, along with information about the bus systems in utah (salt lake city lines, uta, etc.).
amtrak in utah -- index page for amtrak in utah, including information about former amtrak routes through utah, and amtrak cars and locomotives.
bingham canyon -- "to move a mountain" -- index  page with narrative history and research notes about railroads and mining in utah's bingham canyon, including kennecott utah copper's railroad locomotives.
utah coal -- "utah fuels the west" -- index page  with narrative history and research notes about utah's coal mining industry, and the railroads that served it.
industry index -- index page for industries in utah, and the railroads that served them.
mining index -- index page for mining in utah, and the railroads that served the mines, mills and smelters.
manuscripts -- index page of electronic versions of the important academic dissertations and theses that have been completed about utah railroads, including reeder (1970), johnson (1947), and adkins (1978).
locomotive notes -- index page for  diesel locomotives, including information about the history of emd and alco.
andre kristopans gm data -- index  page for andre's former "gm locomotive serial numbers page," previously  hosted at msn tv (formerly webtv).
andre kristopans bus and transit data -- index page for bus and transit data compiled by andre kristopans.
on-line articles -- index page for on-line versions (text-only) of many of my books and magazine articles, updated and edited for publication to the web.
print publications -- index page for  the books and magazine articles that i have had published.
passenger cars -- index page for passenger cars and passenger trains.
rosters -- index page for rosters of locomotives and other equipment, including up locomotive, up, cabooses, up passenger cars.
buses -- index page for bus information.
pdf -- index page for pdf files that relate to utah railroads.
equipment rosters
roster index page -- a index page for equipment rosters at utahrails.
maps
maps -- an index page for google maps, and other maps showing locations for railroads in utah.
scanned maps and drawings -- a collection of scanned  maps and schematic drawings produced in the 1906 to 1972 time period, showing railroad trackage, facilities and structures for railroads in the state of utah.
wall maps -- a photo album with 22 scanned images of railroad wall maps. the railroads include at&sf (1979), bn (1971), bn (1986), c&nw (1985; 2 sides), conrail (1986), csx (no date), n&w (1977; 2 sides), norfolk southern (1982, norfolk southern (1983), uprr (1959; 2 sides), uprr (1965), uprr (1976), uprr (1978), uprr (1982 first merger map), uprr (1983), uprr (1984; 2 sides), uprr (1997; 2 sides).
don strack railroad map collection -- a link to the archiveswest finding aid for the collection of railroad maps held by the university of utah special collections, donated by don strack in 2017. (digital copies are available by contacting don strack directly.)
utah historical society railroad map collection -- a link to the main index page of digital railroad maps held by the utah historical society.
goverment land office maps -- link to main search page for u. s. government land office maps. search by state and county, then by township and range.
other information
aar reporting marks -- information about aar reporting marks, past and present.
cranes and derricks -- information about the cranes and derricks used by union pacific railroad.
cranes and derricks, company histories -- information about the histories of the companies that built large cranes and derricks.
evanston roundhouse -- information about the roundhouse and shops at evanston, wyoming.
great salt lake resorts -- infomation about the resorts that served visitors to the shores of great salt lake; includes links to pages about individual resorts.
highways -- information about the highway projects that affected the railroads of utah.
icc railroad valuations -- link to the wikipedia:wikiproject trains/icc valuations main page. includes utah railroads, and links to google books pdf versions of the original icc valuations reports.
international car -- information about the caboose manufacturer, international car company, and its predecessors new city car company, central states equipment corp. and international railway car & equipment company.
m-k & the railroads -- online images of the pages of the  morrison-knudsen's book, "m-k & the railroads" from 1972, illustrating the services m-k had offered to the railroads over the years, up to 1972. (download a pdf of this book)
milwaukee road...a brief history -- online images of the pages of a 1968 book by milwaukee road about its history up to 1968. (download a pdf of this book)
official guide of the railways -- links to online versions of the official guide.
street numbering in salt lake city and salt lake county -- information about the street numbering system used by salt lake county.
tech talk -- how i do computer stuff. includes links to other tech talk subjects.
this and that -- thoughts and comments about random subjects, many of which were previously published in 2007-2015 on the now-retired utahrails blog.
thornton waite articles -- an index page for articles by thornton waite, mostly about railroads in idaho.
trucks and shovels -- information about the large mining trucks and shovels used at bingham canyon.
western railfan publications -- an informal commentary about the rise and fall of print-to-paper railfan publications.
farrington books -- information about the railroad books written by s. kip farrington, including links to pdfs of selected chapters.
newspapers
utah digital newspaper project -- one of the leaders in the effort to digitize newspapers. based in salt lake city, at university of utah (https://digitalnewspapers.org/)
google news, deseret news archive -- change the yyyymmdd from 19840627 to your desired date. (https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=aul-kaqhntoc&dat=19840627&b_mode=2&hl=en)
newspapers.com -- a subscription site for digital newspapers. based in lindon, utah; affiliated with ancestry.com.
newspaperarchive.com -- a subscription site for digital newspapers. based in san diego, california.
(read more about using newspapers as source material)
photos
utahrails photos -- an index page of links for photos available at utahrails, and other sites.
tech talk photos -- how i do photos.
audio
audio -- an index page of links to songs and sounds available at utahrails.net.
railroad audio -- information about the variety of vinyl lps, cassettes and cd products that have been available, reproducing the sounds of railroading.
tech talk - audio -- how i do audio.
video
videos -- an index page of links to videos available at  utahrails.net.
about
about -- what is utahrails.net, and why is it here?
who am i? -- who is don strack?
don's publications -- a list of don strack's publications.
this and that -- a page full of random thoughts and rants.
tech talk -- a log of web site changes here at utahrails.net, along with technical discussions of computer-related subjects.
utahrails site map -- an html site map of all pages at utahrails. this is an auto-generated site map that changes as pages are added or removed.
links -- links to other web sites that i recommend and that i use on a regular basis.
contact -- any comment, question, or correction about information presented here at utahrails.net is welcome.
###



