


solipsism





















    
	solipsism
	
  
whats a 30-something to do with her life?
first, escape from la.
okay, escape from the usa.
second, get incredibly awesome job in spain.
third, fall madly in love and live happily ever after.

tell me when it starts.  seat back and tray tables fully upright locked and loaded, captain.....









sunday, july 26, 2009



	 
	 i'm back
	 
    


well party people.  its been a big old break.  but i am going to be back now.  but it will be in a limited way.  i think.  maybe.i am writing in my (private) journal on the laptop again, so maybe i should not just cutnpaste but editorialize before i spew.its time to give it a try again, shall we?labels: new beginnings



posted by fdldd at 6:53 am
0 comments






sunday, august 19, 2007



	 
	 i've gone back to dating....
	 
    


after much moping around about cts, here's my first real date since then.....i met craig on my show - he came in a few days last week to be a steadicam operator. he's tall, good looking in sort of a stocky-all-american way. a bit of a weak chin, but great twinkly green eyes and in nice physical condition. we chatted a bit and it was obv that he liked me. thursday he asked if he could have my number (sort of a lame question as it's on the crew list that everyone has access to, but then again sort of an ok move as it's less stalker-y). he lives like just down the street and so we agreed that some day we would have sushi. yesterday, satruday, at 2pm he calls (i am napping). i call him back at around 4pm as i am on my way to get a massage (at the korean place! bless their little strong asian elbows!). we agree that he will pu @ 8pm. he comes by, a smidge early. today also happens to be the day my housemates' wife (who is divorcing him) is leaving, so my male housemate, marc (you know him - he is sure you are gay, btw, which is hilarious to me) is getting drunkener with his friends to ease the pain. craig ends up upstairs on the couch waiting for me for a few minutes while i finish up. there is some mild drama about craig's car blocking my housemate's car in.we leave.we go to craig's house to park and walk down street to the pier. we are walking and marc calls me to apologize for being rude to craig - i'm like "wudeva" as it's a throwaway to me all in all, but marc is drunkenly insisiting, so i put him and craig on the phone and they make nice. we go to one place and it's too loud. i have 1/2 of my martini. he has a jack/coke.we go to another place, sit outside and have some okay sushi. we talk lots. we decide to walk on the pier. it's cold. i have on a dress that was perfect in the house at 81degrees, but is now too nippy outside in the breeze. we have nice time quasi-sitting-cuddling, and talking. we leave pier, walk toward this ped walkway that has hennessy's (an irish bar), sangria (a pseudo-spanish bar), etc. we have decaf lattes and ppl watch until about 1140p. he then pays a hefty sum to have one of the tricycle bikers (like they have in barcelons but without the funky canopy tops) bike us up to his condo so i dont have to walk uphill in heels (second set of chivalry points he scored after he won one for opening car door, lost one for not opening restaurant door, lost one for not toasting when our cocktails came - so now he was even).he drives me home.now mind you, we have been cuddling a bit and he has been holding my hand. i am not loving how he holds my hand - a bit too much squeezing and rubbing a bit too roughly but i am not repulsed. we get to my place, and he shuts off the car - but of course it's one of those new cars (land rover or something big and manly like that)  that turns the lights on in the car and they don't go off (nice for real life, bad for date life). so i suggest he walk me to the door.sidebar: i look smokin' hot - wearing a little black cottony summer dress and high heels - clean hair is nicely wind touseled. i would be at least a 8 at this moment.walks me to the front door.lights are off outside. nice. dark. good environment for a smooch, no?i get the multiple hugs and light lip smacks - no real smooch.wtf?not that i am dying to tongue gargle this guy - but i do feel a bit like "hey - we had a great time - we even talked a bit about sex so obv we like each other - where's the sizzle, bub?"and then, as i was replaying the evening, i realized a few critical things:1) he reminds me of my ex-husband (nice, attractive, but not sexy)2) he reminds me of my ex-husband [/thread]so...though he mentioned going out again next weekend i am like already warning him "oh - i have my friends in hwood who i think i have to hang out with...." sort of preemptively striking that i am not all that into you, bub.so there is my life, in a nutshell.  i gotta run off to a ladies brunch.  further updates as they come....



posted by fdldd at 5:56 pm
0 comments






monday, july 23, 2007



	 
	 trip report: aroma spa
	 
    


i’ve been told i have amazing skin.my secret is:scrub and silky massage at aroma spa in k-town, la.i used to go to the beverly hot springs but it got too crowded.  at aroma, it’s me and dozens of korean ladies.  authentic.  also not as annoying when they are all loudly yakking to each other vs annoying hollywood wanna-be actresses talking about themselves.  i think it’s a language thing not volume as these women have 1 general volume: loud.the lowdown:single sex (sorry bb4l) – and i have never asked to see the men’s side, so i don’t know what differences it might have in #/style of accouterments (other than obv: men)disrobe. entirely.  wrap up in hilariously flimsy and stiffly laundered cotton robe; grab a towel.  into the main room that has a large central jacuzzi (normally i am totally skeeved out by jacuzzis due to germaphobia, but this one is sparkling clean and i usually doze off in it), about 8 stand-up in then showers & maybe 14 sit on a stool and use handheld showery-thing showers, plunge pools, steam/saunas and the big treatment room.  re: the sit-down showers: those are super popular with the ancient korean ladies who sit on the tiny low plastic stools and yak with each other for ages whilst scrubbing and soaping.  i find the stand up showers more to my liking, but then again, i usually don’t go with other ppl but maybe if i did i would want to sit and natter with my butt on a cold plastic seat.naw.anyhew, after a shower, into the jacuzzi.  then onto the cold plunge pool then the medium hot pool then back to the jacuzzi.  then cold plunge again, then onto the mugwort room.  i love the mugwort room.  it’s steam but with this strange, smelly bag of herbs over the steam escape spot – very comforting smell vaguely reminiscent of summer camp.  after a bit in there, another cool shower.then to the redwood sauna (its big – easily fit 8 people with room to stretch out).  at the aroma, they have a tv built into the wall with korean tv on!  it’s hilarious.  today it was some strange martial arts with a subplot of romance story.  two ladies in the sauna looked like they were about to pass out but they couldn’t drag themselves away from the tube!  after some of the baking on of the sweat, back to the cool shower.  then the real fun!(btw, mind you, everyone is buck-naked.  on occasion, i have seen a priggish/prudish - always caucasian - chick in a swimsuit, but other than the employees, everyone is nude.  the scrubby ladies are all in black granny panties and sort-of-sports bras and ugly pink flipflops.)there are 8 plastic-covered (yeah, it’s a bit not spa-like) tables in a long row in the scrubby room.  i’m shown to a table by an attendant.   often every table is already full – today it was about 30%.  the treatment starts with me face down, head at a slightly not fantastic side-angle but at least they put a towel under your ear- and every part from the toes to the scalp is vigorously loofah-d with these wacky bath mitts that i don’t know where they come from, but they are serious business.  even the bikini line and between the butt cheeks is scrubbed.  it’s all so foreign (not that they are korean – duh – but that there is no american-style “draping” like at all the fancypants places) – and it goes on for 20 minutes of back then front then side then the other side scrubbing.  like, little piles of skin lying around.  i know, it sounds icky, but better off then still on, no?  then, body shampoo all over.  and hot buckets of water poured over.  and more body shampoo.  and more buckets.  etc.next, it gets awesome as the attendant washes my hair with tingly minty/tea tree shampoo and rinses and rubs my head.  then she puts conditioner on, wraps the hair up in a plastic bath cap and a nice tight towel, sits me up and puts some goo in my hand. she points me to the shower just outside and says “wash & come back”.  uh, okay.  this time, i came back with some soap on my back and she and the other attendants thought this a near horror of horrors and pushed me back out to the shower.  i came back in, smiled, and pointed to my now clean back and they all though i was the most hilarious person on the planet.  asian scrubby chick humor i suppose.while gone, she put a metallic “space blanket” on the plasticy table/bed.  i get on that, face down, and there is lots of mildly warm lotion rubbed all over my back – then over to the front and same.  it’s vaguely herbally warm (like normal lotion but with just a tiny tad of ben-gay).  then, now that i am face up, she wraps the space blanket up like a burrito, lays warm towels over my torso, and starts massaging the living daylights out of my face and neck.  then it’s some strange mud-like masque on my face and neck for a while and more head rubbing.  then on top of that masque she layers real grated cucumber.  can’t really tell as i am bound like st. sebastian.  just figuring it out by sensation/smell.  more head rubbing.  then foil and towel fandango off, lots more oil and crazy deep massaging all over (yes, breasts, too; no, its not a huge turn on to be lymphatically massaged – its rather medical in a way) and then, facial masque off, flip over (space blanket long gone), more rubbing and pounding.  now you might think this is the end.  nope.flipped back over on my back and yet another facial masque applied – this one kind of burny-tingly in a not fun way until she puts the magical facial cloth (again, i have no idea, as i can’t see nor do i really want to) over it and then it’s just nice and warm.  while this masque is on there is more head rubbing and then hair washing with serious head rubbing that almost hurts.  but my neck ache from all that weird sideways head thing is now, instead, a nice stretched-out and relaxed feeling.  then she peels off the mask, sits me up, a vigorous dry towel rubbing everywhere, and i am done. i am now one of the cleanest, most relaxed ppl on planet.  god bless k-town and the aroma spa!time of scrub/massage: 1 hour 45 mintime before (just to enjoy facilities): 1 hourtime after to dress, have water, dry hair: 45 minutesdrive time to and from (depends on traffic): 1 hour rtcost: $130value: +++!!



posted by fdldd at 5:36 am
0 comments






sunday, july 08, 2007



	 
	 another amazing trip with cole
	 
    


review of gramercy park hotel stay from 4 july 2007 – 8 july 2007the excellence of the hotel gramercy park began the moment we walked through the revolving front door into the sumptuous, delightfully fragranced lobby.immediately upon our super early arrival at 7am on 4th of july, we were accommodated with a room.  phillipe, the bellman, was solicitious to us as well as running interference between us and a “colorful neighborhood type” who apparently visits the lobby quite often.  we were brought up to our room, on the 14th floor, a “deluxe loft room” (at a price of $2,712 for 4 nights including all taxes and daily breakfast for two = approx $678 per night).  however, it did not have a view.  i requested that we have a view, and in a pleasant manner, i called down to jamie at the front desk. i explained to him that this was my boyfriend’s first visit to nyc and that we would really appreciate a view.  they moved us to room 1704, arguably the best room in the hotel with an entry with two double windows on to the park and then a separate bedroom with glass door and lovely velvet drapes (everywhere) into the bed area.  i later found out that this is the “park one bedroom suite” and usually goes for twice the price of the room we had booked and paid for!  it was amazing in every way.  the rooms are wonderfully photographed on the gramercy park hotel website, so i wont bother with the descriptions too terribly other than to say the everything was in excellent condition, clean, and well maintained.  there were literally stacks upon stacks of fluffy white towels in the bathroom.  and as has been explained before, the toiletries are amazing.at night, the turn down service lights a special scented votive in a lovely red cut glass hurricane lamp.  i believe it is the same scent that they have in the lobby – wonderful and the candles can be bought from the hotel for $90.  worth every penny to remind me of this place.this is a special hotel: sexy beyond words.  the gym and spa are microscopic, sure, but they are very well laid out and maintained.  the two treadmills have a view to the park and the two elliptical machines have a partial view.   the massage i had with ernst was one of the best in my life.  there is a refrigerator full of pint-sized bottles of water also with a bowl of apples upon it – so you can stock up and save, if that’s important to you.  it’s not a priority to my man and i, as we splurge on room service often.  the room service food itself was fantastic.  we had, on different occasions, the salmon and caviar plate (super good with generous amounts of smoked salmon and salmon roe, toast points, and crème fraiche), the tuna tataki (tasty, fresh bright red tuna but unfortunately with chopped bits of – why oh why – watermelon – mixed in), the macaroni and cheese (fantastic swirls of mac with just enough cheese to coat the spirals and with toasted breadcrumbs on top), the cookie plate (sort of “meh” other than the fresh baked chocolate chunk cookies which were better than average but not spectacular).  breakfast is where room service is the way to go if you can’t make it up to the amazing roof terrace.  we did the breakfast included and he could get his favorite american breakfast with eggs, a meat, toast, potatoes, coffee and juice.  i got the continental (the usual coffee, but they allowed me to substitute a double cap for no extra charge, the fresh squeezed juice, breads – including dang good pain chocolat – and then i would add on yoghurt every day).  the food always came super promptly (they warn you when you call how long it will take and even one busy night, it only took 30 minutes when they said it could be up to 45) and at the appropriate temperatures.the mini bar (they call it the “english bar”) is simply fantastic.  yes, the prices are typical mini-bar high, but few mini bars have such good stuff!  i won’t list it all, but my favorites were the bottles of diet coke (in little old-school mini bar bottles), the godiva liquor, the dean and deluca cheese straws and the orangina.  lots of goodies to buy in the mini-bar, as well, though $90 for the hotel signature candle seemed steep.  also in the bar is a spot that you can insert your ipod or the hotel will loan you one (but don’t lose it or you are set back $750!!) and it blares tunes out at a suitable loudness for the entire room.the rooftop private club is the best reason to book this hotel.  we loved it and spent nearly every waking moment there, as we are pretty much homebodies when it comes to traveling.  there are a variety of environments up on the roof, and you may bring a guest or a few guests to enjoy the experience with you.  of the various seating areas, two of them have massive flat screen tv’s with cnn playing all day.  i would prefer to have something else playing (and the volume was off anyhow), but i never bothered to ask.  the help was always accommodating in every way, quickly serving us food and drinks with very little wait, even on busy friday nights and saturday cocktail hour.i found, in fact, the service to be quite good, if not utterly flawless, in all departments.  for example, everyone was always pleasant and checked back with you to see if you needed more of something or another.  on the other hand, on evening i ordered a glass of veuve cliquot rose along with my late night crème brulee dessert and it was not the right champagne.  they sent something blonde, not pink.  i called room service and was told they would send up the proper glass of bubbly.  then they called back and said they needed the other glass of the wrong liquid returned.  it seemed a bit cheesy to ask for that, though of course we obliged.  on another hand, we sent two shirts out on july 4th (a holiday!) in the midday, and asked if we could have them back the next day by the evening, and they actually got them back by mid-afternoon.  the shoeshine was also quickly turned around and was, as such things should be, complimentary.on another service note, there were some discrepancies in the attention to the replacement of toiletries in the room.  when we initially checked in, there was no conditioner in the shower.  sometimes we got new shampoo and conditioner, as well as replacement facial wash and lotion.  sometimes we did not.  we never got fresh soap after the 2nd day, which i found oddest of all.  occasionally we would get two shower caps and no cotton kit.  but that i had to ask twice to have the mini bar restocked was a bit of a shame, as we would have happily gobbled down more (to the hotel’s profit) if they had stocked on a daily basis.the concierge was helpful and remembered my request for nightly reservations to the rose bar.  the door boys (none old enough to be called door men!) were not always in sight when we exited, but then they would appear outside to hail us a cab. one evening we were fortunate enough to be able to utilize a town car that happened to be in front of our hotel. the cost was only about 20% more than a taxi and pleasantly luxurious.as a side note, if you can secure a reservation (again, american express platinum concierge helped with this), try to eat at per se.  it was divine.to sum the experience up, i would definitely stay at the gramercy park hotel again, if i could afford it.  it is certainly not inexpensive (our bill for the mini bar, rose bar, and room service was equal to our 4 night room stay!), but the value is superb in comparison to, for example, our stays at the hotel de crillon in paris or the hotel san clemente in venice.  also, it is sexy and chic – a place to certainly brag to people about, and which, like its mate the delano in florida, has a glitz unequalled to nearly any other hotel in the big apple.



posted by fdldd at 7:28 pm
0 comments






friday, july 06, 2007



	 
	 excitement
	 
    


sunday 1 july 2007 415pmit’s exciting to start a new journal – it’s electronic, which is not the same as an actual book, but i am excited nonetheless!



posted by fdldd at 7:10 pm
0 comments






sunday, june 17, 2007



	 
	 trip report: big sur
	 
    


my boyfriend and i decided we needed a few days away and stayed at the post ranch inn june 14 – 17th.   i recommend the website – the pictures are realistic, and though there was some construction noise, it was not intrusive.  the only disappointment was that the sierra mar restaurant (with the amazing view over the sea) is closed until about august – timed with the other renovations.our experience began well with reception ready for us the moment we pulled our car in after a 5 hours drive from los angeles (we stopped along the way at the new downtown brewery in santa barbara – i would not recommend their food too much, but it was nice to sit outside and eat inexpensively.).  reception sent our bags along with us in the lexus hybrid suv’s the pri uses to shuttle guests around the property and to neighboring restaurants.  the room itself, the diaz room (#107) in one of the two butterfly buildings, was lovely from the moment we stepped in.  the bottle of champagne and the beers that i had specially requested from catering were in the room ready for us upon our arrival.  good follow through!  the complimentary mini-bar is restocked daily and includes: exotic chocolate bar, snickers bar, little box of tasty cookies, bag of trail mix, delicious potato chips (2 kinds), crackers, goat cheese and drinks.  the drinks included multiple bottles of water (flat and fizzy), diet and regular cola, root beer, 2 different juices, iced tea, and milk for coffee.  also included and replenished daily are the coffee/tea service and a tasty gourmet hot cocoa.  the bath goods range from acceptable lotion, shampoo and conditioner (and, very thoughtful, spf 15 sunscreen) to a quite delightful lavender soap hand crafted in the area.  bath salts and tea lights are provided for soaking in the deep tub.  others have commented on the unimpressive water pressure in the shower, and i must agree that is was a bit underwhelming.  on a positive note, a plethora of towels are provided – you could bath or shower 4 times a day and never need fresh ones!the room itself was a good size.  located on the top floor of the same building that housed the spa, the high, angled ceiling projected intimacy through its wood paneling while also seeming more spacious than the square meters that the floor plan actually contained.  there is also a lovely outside terrace on which to sit (and smoke if you wish – ashtray provided) and look at the valley beyond.  we were not sad to miss out on the ocean view rooms (they were sold out but also twice the price of our room) as our trip was nearly all in the fog.  the linens on the bed were amazing – organic cotton and loads of thread count.  i was not a huge fan of the mattress (though one is able to buy it for $3k if you gotta take one home!) but i was a massive fan of the bounty of pillows and blankets.  nice quality, nice quantity!again, most of the reviews on here already mention the wonderful things about the property in depth (look at jross46 from 5/20/07 or scooterboss 4/12/07 and i agree with every word of both – except i didn’t get married – yet!) so i just give a few of my personal insights.the facial i had with kendall (1 hour wildflower facial with 1/2 hour massage) was one of the best of my life!  no, its not deep cleansing – no extractions.  but i didn’t care as it wiped away every bit of stress i had and left my skin healthy and glowing.  she was an amazing therapeutic technician and i recommend you pony up the $175 for this treatment (plus tip).  the treatment room itself was gorgeous and in keeping with the overall post ranch inn vibe – woody/earthy but not “hippy-dippy.”  the products were of the highest quality – jurlique.  though the spa itself was not very large, as a guest you have the cliff-side soaking tub (featured in photos of the resort as the infinity pool – and not chlorinated, by the way!  not sure what they use to sanitize, but it was nice and no smell at all.), so you can always do that before or after.  a steam room would be nice, though.  also, when my bf and i had in-room massages, the therapists only had to bring one table as each room has a table stashed under one of the furniture cubbies.  smart.a heads up: if you are an internet addict as my bf is, you will want to book one of the butterfly rooms as the wireless internet is available in the library and broadcasts from there, but neither i nor reservations were sure how far it reaches; kudos to michael in reservations who elucidated that.  there are not tv’s in the rooms, either, but there is a medium-sized flat screen in the library, along with tons of books and free magazines and newspapers.  byo dvds, though; satellite television signal is also available.the staff was always super-helpful and went out of their way in all tasks.  in fact, i believe that at about 32 rooms, there was far more staff than guests.  this carries through in the nature of calm efficiency in all the guest services – room service to car service to small things like keeping trails tidy.labels: big sur, california, post ranch inn



posted by fdldd at 8:55 pm
0 comments






friday, june 08, 2007



	 
	 its been a busy few days.
	 
    


7 june 2007 8pm already!!so i got the idea from jane magazine that i am going to write about my recent horrific experience being completed talked about on 2+2 forum as the “out-ed” older girlfriend of the (younger) cts.jane mag has a monthly or semi-monthly column that a reader writes that writes about their personal experience.  and mine certainly counts.my title sucks, but i am working on it….title: judged for dating a younger manin the micro-huge world of poker, my boyfriend, brian*, is a massive success story.  by age 19 he made over $2mil a year playing online poker.  legalities? i won’t go into it.  it is what it is.  he dropped out of university and moved across country to the same city in which i live.  i, absorbed in my career in film production, never knew online gambling involved money.when brian* and i met, at a coffee shop down the street from both our houses, it was serendipitous. i had seen him in the shop in the past.   he always looked so serious, intently focused on his computer – i figured he was a college student earnestly working and never spoke to him. one day, i had a coupon for “buy-one-get-one-free” and he was the only other patron in the store, so i offered him a free java.  next thing you know, he’s hanging out at my house watching football.  next thing after that, we are traveling europe together.  next thing after that, we are in love.all this wouldn’t merit a peep if it were not for two facts:1) i am more than 10 years older than he; and;2) other poker players found out that i am more than 10 years older than he.in a forum in which nearly every poker player posts surfaced a thread: “brian* dating 33 year old woman….,”needless to say, comments were mildly vicious for the first 30 or so posts, until someone posted a link to pictures of us.granted, my man is not clandestine, as he posts pics on his blog of us, of his house, his car, and also of how he is doing at poker – upswings and downswings.but the viciousness of some of the posts:∑ “i knew she looked old.. you have to understand, maybe she looks ok now, but it's all downhill from here...”∑ “personally i think its a huge mistake to get involved with a chick that's a lot older than you. when you're 30 she's 40 and ready for the trash heap”∑ “sounds like a professional gold digger to me. watch yoself…”∑ “she's is either a gold digger (most likely) or a gold digger that is hearing her biological clock running out.”∑ “just don't marry her as you won't want to be hitting it in 5-10 years.”∑ “i must comment that this woman is nowhere near hot.”∑ “state the obvious, please: she's with him because of his money.”∑ “he is screwing her because she is hot, she is screwing him because he has money.”note that i am getting picked on mainly because i am older than he.  the second most offered “advice” is that i am after his bankroll.  of course, i can do nothing about my age or his, but i am proud that i have my own career and do well enough to support myself well.as most gossip does, the interest in this died down after two days.  in that time, though, i got a bitter taste being judged by anyone who can type on a laptop.  unknown outsiders appraised me based on if i was “good enough” for this “celebrity”.  knowing that others were prying into my relationship made me so nauseous i could hardly stand.  i don’t deserve the railing i got, and i can tell you that it changed me. i feel sorry, for the first time ever, for popularly known celebrities who have their pictures and lives exposed on a daily basis. everyone has a right to how they feel, to speak their opinion, but when the shoe is on the other foot, it can pinch tears to your eyes.so that’s basically what i am going to send them – waiting for my lead editor (mom) to read and critique!wow.



posted by fdldd at 6:13 am
0 comments











about me

name:  fdldd 
location:  barcelona, cataluñya, spain 
view my complete profile

links

my imdb page
home sweet home
where to really find me

previous posts

i'm back
i've gone back to dating....
trip report: aroma spa
another amazing trip with cole
excitement
trip report: big sur
its been a busy few days.
when one is making mistakes, when does one stop?
furious
and a handful of darvocet before bed produces this...

archives

february 2006
march 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
july 2009









 



