





home | habitat for humanity of orange county




















 






skip to main content 

        applications for the homeownership program will be accepted from february 20 - march 13, 2025. click here to learn more and see upcoming information sessions.  learn more

✕















































 













 



about



back
about
history
impact
race and housing
where we build
global
staff and board
join our team





services



back
homeownership
apply
weavers grove
repairs





get involved



back
volunteer
advocacy
ways to give
partnerships





the latest



back
blog
events
sign up for emails





restore





give


sign up for emails


translate site



			search 

 


 










 



		building strength, stability, and self-reliance







seeking to put god’s love into action, habitat for humanity of orange county, nc brings people together to build homes, communities, and hope.

give volunteer apply 















 






                							volunteer spotlight: couples who build together, stay together
			 
featured story people of all different walks of life come together on a habitat construction site to volunteer and give back to their community with other like-minded people. some come to the site to meet new people, while some come with friends and family. this valentine’s day, we’re celebrating some of the couples who volunteer with habitat together. bill and leslie met online 20 years ago, and just a few weeks later, bill joined leslie and her friends on a grueling 206-mile mountain bike ride—an early test of teamwork that set the tone for their relationship. they started volunteering with habitat through their church, and in retirement, it became a regular part of their lives. their teamwork was put to the test… 














                							calling young professionals: join our new affinity group
			 
the triangle habitat young professionals (thyp), a lively group of young professionals passionate about making a difference in the orange, durham, and wake county communities. through opportunities within our community… january 24, 2025 





                							homebuyer application cycle: upcoming information sessions
			 
applications for orange habitat’s homeownership program will open on february 20 through march 13, 2025 at 5pm. properties available through the spring 2025 application cycle will be 2 and 3… january 24, 2025 
  







				keep up with all things happening at orange habitat!
	



all news & stories 









				thank you to our current $25k+ partners!
	



left





right









 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 









				sign up for email updates!
	
stay in the know with all things orange habitat.



sign up today 





















































 





facebook 



instagram




twitter 



youtube 



linkedin

 

 

give volunteer apply 



contact us

88 vilcom center drive, suite l110
chapel hill, nc 27514


info@orangehabitat.org


919-932-7077





about


sign up for emails


blog


events


strategic plan


fy24 annual report







																		© 2025 habitat for humanity of orange county.
																						


privacy policy


accessibility





nonprofit web design by nmc
				











 









 









 









 




 






