






small battery company - watch, photo, hearing aid and other small batteries for sale on-line.











home page




product catalogue




 disposable batteries




  silver oxide watch cells




  lithium 3v & 3.6v cells




  miscellaneous batteries




  hearing
                  aid batteries




  mercury
                  batteries




  cmos
                  batteries




  plc
                  batteries




  industrial
                  batteries




 rechargeable batteries




  digital camera
                  li-ion




  camcorder
                  li-ion




  ni-mh camcorder
                  battery




  chargers




  r/c hobby racing pack




  handheld pc, pda & gps




  laptop
                  and notebook




  mobile
                  phone batteries




  audio
                  & gaming machine




  miscellaneous
                  batteries




  for cordless telephones




  industrial
                  batteries




tips
                  and faqs




about
                  us




view
                  your cart




terms
                  and conditions




security




links




contact us




search







the small battery company
recovery update:   we are back to normal with all our systems running safely and securely. 
we thank our customers for their patience during our recent hardware crash. 

 for all your small battery needs, use us, the small battery company. we are 
  your low price, high quality supplier. 
watch batteries, calculator batteries, camera batteries,
    hearing aid  batteries....we hold thousands of batteries in stock for
same day
    shipping to anywhere
    in the uk and northern ireland. should you want a battery for:

your camera (we stock the photo lithium crv3,
    2cr5, cr123,  cr2 and
     crp2 and the  lr9 or v625u and more),  
  your watch (we stock dozens of  silver oxide
    button cells including the popular  377 and sr44),  
  your car alarm remote (we stock the  lithium
    coin cells such as the cr2032, and the lrv08,
     lr1 
  and similar),  
  your hearing aid (we stock  zinc air cells such
    as blue za675, orange  za13 etc),  
  your classic camera (we stock a comprehensive
    range of mercury free equivalents
    including replacements for px625, px1,
    px23,  px27 and many 
  more),  
  your digital camera, camcorder and cordless-phone (we stock a range of rechargeable
    batteries equivalent to sony np-f550, fuji
    np-60 and many more,
    and the new rechargeable
crv3 batteries).
    and the even
    newer and improved eneloop
    ready-to-use rechargeables.


your electronic toy (we stock sony psp-110
    batteries, aaa
    batteries and alkaline
    button cells such as the lr44  or ag13and the
     lr66 or ag4, and for your radio controlled toy
    we stock a range of battery packs and
    chargers),
    
  your mobile phone (we stock nokia blb2
    batteries and nokia blc2 batteries)
    
  your desktop or laptop computer (we stock cmos/rtc
    batteries like the ibm
    p/n 02k6502, fru p/n 02k6486 (cr2025-wr) and  varta
    7.2v battery dell d p/n 60906 and we stock a range of popular
    notebook batteries.  we also stock a range of plc batteries).

or if you want it for just about any other use of
a small battery........you'll find a suitable replacement, at a fantastic price,
at the small battery company.
click here to find your electronic application in our device catalogue (e.g.
camcorders, cordless
phones, mobile phones, digital
cameras and other electronic devices).
also, for your classic camera and light meter, we
stock a range of exact voltage mercury replacement cells; the zinc air mrb675,
mrb625 and mrb400
 weincells and a range of voltage reducing adapters; the mr9-adapter,
mr44-adapter, mr50-adapter, v27px-adapter
and the px14-adapter. we stock the mr52-adapter
kit consisting of a physical adapter and a mrb675
 cell. 
for your classic watch we have a range of replacement cells. for the pulsar led, hamilton & omega watch, we stock the rw-25-adapter
kit, for bulova accutron tuning fork watches we stock the accucell-1
and 388-adapter.
free uk delivery. p&p to anywhere in the
    uk and northern ireland, is included in our
    prices. there are no extra postage and packing charges.
we stock a large range of industrial lithium batteries including many cylindrical and tagged coin-cell batteries.
  we are approved distributors for a comprehensive range of high quality industrial rechargeable nickel metal hydride (nimh) and nickel cadmium (nicd) batteries
    that are available with solder tags and ideal for building into packs for industrial and hobby purposes.
  we offer a 'built-to-order' service for batteries that are just too specialist to regularly stock on our
    shelves, and a series of military batteries.
new 
    new battery products are regularly added to our range. click
    here are the latest additions.
we are an on-line shop. you can order securely and easily on-line.
    you can pay using all popular credit cards and debit cards, by paypal, by electronic funds transfer or you can mail us a cheque or
    postal order.
are you having difficulty finding the right
    replacement battery for your
    watch, pda,  remote control key,
    electronic scales, digital organiser....?
if so, look through our knowledge base of small batteries
    using our search facility. we will almost certainly find you an
    equivalent battery in seconds. if not, email us with your requirements. just click on
    'contact us' in the left hand frame. our friendly expert team will do our
    best to help you.
we use whatever manufacturer is needed to give
you a powerful high quality, long lasting battery at a great price. we make our
selection from duracell, sony, panasonic, eveready, varta, energizer, maxell,
seiko, chromex, renata, vinnic, rayovac and others. we are confident of offering
you a great battery for your requirements.
the small battery company is categorised as a battery distributor producer under new regulations on the recycling of batteries
and accumulators.  read here for more information.......
 some
of our products, typically chargers, are subject to the weee (waste electrical and electronic equipment
) directive.  read here for more information.......
© the small battery company 2002 - .  all rights reserved.






