
















unorthodox-jew  a critical view of orthodox judaism







































































unorthodox-jew  a critical view of orthodox judaism








"uoj"





paul mendlowitz



view my complete profile




















every signature matters - this bill must pass!





click - goal - 100,000 new signatures! 75,000 signatures have already been submitted to governor cuomo!




eff urges court to block dragnet subpoenas targeting online commenters





click! for the full motion to quash: http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/hersh_v_cohen/uoj-motiontoquashmemo.pdf







































































sunday, february 16, 2025








for people of faith - no-faith &  everyone else --- the genius that is moshe halbertal: three concepts of faith











posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

sunday, february 16, 2025



no comments:
  



















friday, february 14, 2025








this terrorist/traitor belongs in jail for life! speaking on condition of anonymity, a senior official in netanyahu’s ruling likud party agreed, stating that agudat yisrael’s hotline was “definitely violating the existing law.”





 “let us recall that the penal code stipulates severe prison sentences
 for anyone who incites or solicits a person liable for military service
 not to serve, and that the things described… may amount to committing a
 criminal offense, especially at a time when the state of israel is at 
war.”hotline linked to cabinet minister is advising haredi callers to ignore draft orders 
‘you don’t have to do anything, just ignore 
them,’ assistance center established by meir porush tells father of 
yeshiva student who was instructed to report to idf 
44



united
 torah judaism mk meir porush attends the jerusalem masters 2024 chess 
event, at safra square in jerusalem, september 26, 2024 


worried haredi yeshiva students who call a telephone hotline 
linked to jerusalem affairs minister meir porush have repeatedly been 
advised to ignore draft orders and lie to the israel defense forces, a 
times of israel investigation has found, prompting calls for a criminal 
investigation into potential violations of the 1986 security service 
law.
the hotline was established amid a push by the idf to draft 
ultra-orthodox youths, who until recently enjoyed exemptions from the 
military, and a campaign by haredi parties to ensure that a new law 
being crafted on the issue would largely enshrine the exemptions.
addressing a gathering of his shlomei emunim movement in december, 
porush announced that “in recent days, we have established an assistance
 center for those facing the threat of conscription at the central 
office for public inquiries of the agudat yisrael jerusalem center.
“although the situation seems insoluble and it is unclear to what 
extent it will be possible to assist every request and rescue those who 
turn to us from the danger of conscription, we will do our best to 
assist torah scholars as much as possible to immerse themselves back 
into the sea of ​​torah without unnecessary worries,” he said.
shlomei emunim is a part of the larger agudat yisrael faction, which 
in turns represents the hasidic community’s interests within the 
coalition’s united torah judaism party (the other faction in utj is the 
non-hasidic degel hatorah).following porush’s announcement, the times of israel called the 
hotline to ask about its activities. a representative stated that he was
 unable to provide “any advice” for young men of draft age.
instead, he claimed, the hotline was only set up to provide pro bono 
legal advice for “older people who got married and have all sorts of 
personal issues that could exempt them from the draft.”

minister for jerusalem affairs and jewish
 heritage meir porush (center) attends a meeting of representatives of 
his shlomei emunim faction, december 17, 2024

however, this was only partially true, with multiple current and 
former members of the ultra-orthodox community who called the hotline 
reporting that they were actively advised to ignore enlistment orders 
and obstruct authorities’ efforts to follow up on the matter.
a pattern of behavior
zalman, a member of the ultra-orthodox community, said that he was 
told to disregard any draft orders sent to his son. all the hotline 
callers who spoke with the times of israel agreed to do so on condition 
that they be identified by a pseudonym due to fear of reprisal.
“what they are suggesting at this stage is to ignore it, not deal 
with it,” he said, claiming that he was told: “if you received an 
initial call-up order, you are like thousands of others. you don’t have 
to do anything, just ignore them.”

a flyer advertising the agudat yisrael jerusalem center’s enlistment advice hotline. 

the hotline similarly told dovid, a former hasid, to lie to the idf about his son’s whereabouts.
“generally, with a boy of 17 there is nothing special to do. you need
 to be careful, if somebody calls, say that you are not in touch with 
your son and you don’t know where he is. don’t say that he saw the draft
 orders,” the hotline told him.
dovid was further instructed to tell his son not to attend any 
demonstrations or give the police any excuse to ask for his 
identification number and see that he is a draft dodger.
speaking with chaim, a 19-year old yeshiva student, the hotline did 
not explicitly advise ignoring orders. instead he was told to relax and 
only come back for further advice when an arrest warrant was issued 
against him.
“they kept saying that you haven’t received an arrest warrant yet and
 there is nothing to fear and nothing to worry about. and i said to 
them, what if there is an arrest warrant? ‘call us and we will help 
you,'” chaim recalled.
since last summer’s high court of justice ruling that the government 
must draft ultra-orthodox yeshiva students, the idf has sent out 
thousands of draft orders and subsequently issued 1,212 arrest warrants. last week, an ultra-orthodox yeshiva student was arrested at ben gurion airport for trying to evade an idf draft order by leaving the country.

ultra-orthodox jews protest against the 
military draft outside the idf recruitment center at tel hashomer, in 
central israel, january 16, 2025 

some members of the community charged that the hotline and similar 
efforts were doing more harm than good and misleading them about the 
ramifications of their actions.
the approach is highly ill-advised and has the potential to cause 
widespread damage, complained moshe, an ultra-orthodox man in his late 
twenties who has been in touch with several of the competing hotlines 
being run by elements of the haredi community.
“these organizations are just a cover for a larger failure of members
 of knesset and politicians who are unable to do anything. establishing 
these organizations on a large scale is quite ridiculous because they 
actually have no solution to offer,” he said.
“i think it’s irresponsible to tell people to [avoid the army] and 
hide from them the meaning of being awol. you need to tell people, 
listen, you are going to be deserters, that is, to be a criminal with a 
criminal background. they don’t say this and a person doesn’t know what 
he’s getting into.”
an ‘illegal’ operation
“there is no doubt that this is illegal,” former idf manpower chief 
and yesh atid mk elazar stern told the times of israel, calling the 
advice given by the hotline “unethical” and insisting that he was 
unsurprised that minister porush “encourages people to cheat.”
stern is a member of the knesset foreign affairs and defense committee, which is currently debating a controversial enlistment law demanded by prime minister benjamin netanyahu’s ultra-orthodox coalition partners.
  

mk elazar stern attends a meeting of the knesset foreign affairs and defense committee, june 26, 2024.  

speaking on condition of anonymity, a senior official in netanyahu’s 
ruling likud party agreed, stating that agudat yisrael’s hotline was 
“definitely violating the existing law.”
“i think that we all understand the coalition reality, but at the 
least the prime minister has to make it quite clear that he won’t 
tolerate this behavior from any member of the coalition,” the official 
said.
in an email to the times of israel, tomer naor, an attorney for the 
movement of quality government watchdog group, said his organization was
 planning to contact the police and attorney general to demand a 
criminal investigation into the matter.
responding to the quotes shared by hotline callers, naor wrote: “a 
very disturbing picture emerges, according to which elements that are 
directly connected to a party in power are allegedly operating an entire
 system that assists in violating the laws of the state of israel.”
“let us recall that the penal code stipulates severe prison sentences
 for anyone who incites or solicits a person liable for military service
 not to serve, and that the things described… may amount to committing a
 criminal offense, especially at a time when the state of israel is at 
war.”

attorney tomer naor of the movement for 
quality government in israel addresses the knesset constitution, law and
 justice committee, january 31, 2023. 

no relationship to the agudat yisrael faction
when the times of israel visited the premises of agudat yisrael’s 
hotline on wednesday morning, an employee referred all questions to a 
spokesman for the initiative, who turned out to be minister porush’s 
representative shmuel kramerski.
asked for comment, kramerski replied that those manning the hotline 
had been told that everybody should “act in accordance with the 
instructions of their rabbis.”
“the purpose of answering the phone is to advise and guide the person
 who decides to act in accordance with the instructions of his rabbis, 
and not a determination or recommendation to a person on how to act,” 
kramerski said. any representative behaving otherwise would be 
disciplined, he added.

the office of the agudat yisrael jerusalem center in jerusalem

a spokesman for housing minister yitzhak goldknopf, the agudat 
yisrael chairman, denied any connection between his boss and the 
hotline, telling the times of israel that “this is related to porush, 
the institutions of agudat yisrael jerusalem belong to [him].”
the israel police did not answer requests for clarification regarding
 the legality of the hotline’s activities, while the idf spokesman’s 
office declined to comment.
the prime minister’s office likewise declined to discuss the issue, 
instead directing the times of israel to speak with netanyahu’s likud 
party, which did not respond.https://www.timesofisrael.com/hotline-linked-to-cabinet-minister-is-advising-haredi-callers-to-ignore-draft-orders/?utm_source=the+daily+edition&utm_campaign=daily-edition-2025-02-13&utm_medium=email





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

friday, february 14, 2025



no comments:
  



















thursday, february 13, 2025








zayt nisht meshuge! loz im geyn (tzum doctor)! abi gezint! as long as you’re healthy! vaccination rates have been declining nationwide since the start of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020 and now sit below 93 percent. an estimated 280,000 kindergartners in the united states do not have documentation of an m.m.r. vaccine, according to federal data.





no, no, zayt nisht meshuge! loz im geyn! abi gezint! take off! hosti
 gezen in dayne lebn? (don’t be crazy! let him go. as long as you’re 
healthy! take off! have you ever seen such a thing?).measles outbreak hits town in texas as of tuesday, 22 children and two adults had been infected, all of whom were unvaccinated, local officials said. listen to this article · 3:29 min learn morea color-enhanced transmission electron micrograph of a measles virus particlea worsening measles outbreak has taken root in texas, sickening two dozen and hospitalizing nine on the western edge of the state, where childhood vaccination rates have dwindled in recent years.as
 of tuesday, 22 children and two adults had been infected, all of whom 
were unvaccinated, local health officials said. the outbreak comes as 
robert f. kennedy jr., a staunch critic of childhood vaccines, has been 
nominated to be the country’s next health secretary, causing public 
health experts to worry that similar upticks of preventable illnesses 
will become more frequent.“there’s a 
feeling this is going to be more and more common,” said dr. cameron 
wolfe, an infectious disease expert at duke university.the
 texas outbreak has so far been limited to residents of gaines county, 
which borders new mexico and has roughly 20,000 residents. last year 82 
percent of kindergarten students received the measles, mumps and rubella
 vaccine, according to state data. that figure is roughly 10 percentage 
points lower than the average vaccination rate in texas public schools 
and far below the federal target of 95 percent for measles vaccination.vaccination rates have been declining nationwide since the start of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020 and now sit below 93 percent. an estimated 280,000 kindergartners in the united states do not have documentation of an m.m.r. vaccine, according to federal data.texas
 public schools require children to have received certain vaccines, 
including the m.m.r. shot, but parents can apply for an exemption for 
“reasons of conscience,” including religious beliefs.last year, more than 13 percent
 of k-12 students in gaines county received a vaccine exemption, 
according to state health department data. that is one of the highest 
exemption rates in the state.lara 
anton, a spokeswoman for the texas department of state health services, 
said that the cases had been concentrated in a “more insular” community 
in the county, among people who attend church and private schools 
together. many of the children are also home-schooled, ms. anton said.local
 health departments have set up drive-through vaccination clinics in 
seminole, a city at the center of gaines county known for its large 
mennonite community. so far, these have been well attended, ms. anton 
said.the
 most common side effects of measles — a high fever and a blotchy red 
rash — typically resolve on their own within a few weeks. but serious 
complications, including pneumonia and brain swelling, are possible, 
especially for children younger than 5.roughly one in five unvaccinated people who become infected with measles is hospitalized, according to the centers for disease control and prevention.
 ms. anton said that all nine of the hospitalized patients were 
school-age children, and that many of them had spent time in the 
intensive care unit.“it is a serious 
disease,” she said. “we are trying to impress that upon the community, 
that you need to take steps now to protect yourself.”state
 health officials warned that cases would likely pop up in surrounding 
communities because of the “highly contagious nature of this disease.”the new mexico department of health reported this week that a teenager who lived in a county bordering texas tested positive for measles, though the child did not have any known exposure to the gaines county outbreak.https://www.nytimes.com/2025/02/12/science/measles-vaccination-texas.html nearly 70 doctors in nj sign letter urging vaccines amid outbreak – new jersey 101.5 fm radiohttps://eccycnj.org/nearly-70-doctors-in-nj-sign-letter-urging-vaccines-amid-outbreak-new-jersey-101-5-fm-radio/ new jersey health dept.  https://www.nj.gov/health/cd/topics/measles.shtmlmeasles



report confirmed or suspect cases immediately to the local health department.
measles is a very contagious respiratory disease caused by a virus. 
ninety percent of people with close contact with an infected person will
 get measles if they are not vaccinated. before the measles vaccine 
became available, measles was a common childhood disease. measles is 
considered the most deadly of all childhood rash/fever illnesses. 
symptoms may include high fever, cough, runny nose, red watery eyes, 
rash. measles can have serious complications such as ear infections, 
pneumonia, swelling of the brain, and miscarriage in pregnant women. for
 every 1,000 children who get measles, one or two will die. 





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

thursday, february 13, 2025



no comments:
  



















wednesday, february 12, 2025








 “never again” is never again forever. why does israel’s usually unbreakable spirit seem so influenced by actors with, at best, marginal interest in it? this may sound naive, as israel needs major players like the us. however, that shouldn’t justify pushing israel into bad deals.





 israel’s hostage dilemma: in search of the world’s understanding and respect - an understanding world is a luxury jews and israel cannot afford. to survive, israel must fight.




 
supporters
 and family members of hostages kidnapped during the deadly oct. 7, 
2023
“as soon as you settle in america, gather your children, and go to 
israel. then, once you see that land, i want a letter from each of you, 
telling me in detail how it is over there.”
those were the words of my grandfather, misha, the family’s great 
patriarch, who was born in a tiny shtetl near vitebsk in 1902 into the 
family of a rabbi.
he grew up to become an important surgeon, fought in three wars, had 
most of his immediate family murdered by the nazis, survived soviet 
antisemitism, and finally outlived his wife and all his children, 
including my father.
my grandfather was a jew by faith, by race, and by identity. he was a
 true zionist who believed that jewish destiny was not just in its 
religion, but also in its absolute right to be able to determine its own
 independent future. for him, as an unbreakable soviet jew, betrayed by 
his country’s promises about egalitarianism and equality, bruised by the
 most humiliating acts of antisemitism, he believed in the state of 
israel, the only place in the world that would not compromise a jewish 
life.
my grandfather carried that zionist flame within him for the rest of 
his life, but never got to see his promised land. years and years later,
 i traveled there on his behalf, but i fell in love with it all on my 
own.
jews in israel learned not to compromise. they defended their state, 
so their land would never be taken, and their children would never be 
without a home. israel knew how to listen to its own voice — until 2011,
 when gilad shalit, held captive by hamas for 1,934 days, was exchanged 
for 1,027 palestinian and arab-israeli prisoners. of these, 280 were 
sentenced to life in prison.
among them was yahya sinwar, serving four life sentences, who masterminded the october 7, 2023, attack.
as of late, while in the midst of its existential crisis, israel is 
trying in vain to seek the world’s understanding and respect. it 
mistakenly believes it can achieve both. the world does not want to 
understand israel, nor the jewish plight within the context of israel.
in 1976, palestinian and german terrorists hijacked an air france 
plane with israeli passengers, diverting it to entebbe, uganda. 
demanding prisoner releases, they threatened to kill hostages. israel 
launched a daring rescue mission, freeing nearly all hostages but losing
 three in the process, including mission leader yoni netanyahu. the most
 heated debate took place before the actual resolution of this operation
 between then prime minister yitzhak rabin, who strongly believed in the
 deal in the absence of the military option, and shimon peres.
rabin later shared with his speechwriter yehuda avner: “when it comes
 to negotiating with terrorists, i long ago made a decision of 
principle, well before i became prime minister, that if a situation were
 ever to arise when terrorists would be holding our people hostage on 
foreign soil and we were faced with an ultimatum either to free killers 
in our custody or let our own people be killed, i would, in the absence 
of a military option, give in to the terrorists. i would free killers to
 save our people.”
peres, on the other hand, who at the time was israel’s defense 
minister, held a different view. to him “deal” meant giving in to 
hijackers for the first time in israel’s history. although we all know 
peres as the ambassador of peace, during that crisis he strongly 
believed that negotiation with terrorists was off limits because it was 
not part of israel’s make up.
he said: “if we give in to the hijackers’ demand and release 
terrorists, everyone will understand us but no one will respect us. if, 
on the other hand, we conduct a military operation to free the hostages,
 it is possible that no one will understand us, but everyone will 
respect us, depending of course on the outcome of the operation.”
israel under rabin was on the verge of negotiations, but once the idf
 presented the military plan, the decision to proceed was made, despite 
the risk of casualties. thus, another chapter in israel’s history of 
rescue missions was written. this demonstrated to both its enemies and 
the unfriendly international community that israel would not compromise 
its national integrity to gain society’s understanding and insincere 
sympathy.
why does israel’s usually unbreakable spirit seem so influenced by 
actors with, at best, marginal interest in it? this may sound naive, as 
israel needs major players like the us. however, that shouldn’t justify 
pushing israel into bad deals.
the october 7, 2023, attack presented israel with its most 
devastating hostage crisis. as of february 10, 2025, eighty of the 251 
hostages abducted by hamas remain in gaza, with at least a third 
believed dead. hasn’t israel been here before? how could this deal be 
made after such a tragedy and most complex military operation, which 
drastically diminished hamas?
there is intelligence that hamas is regrouping; this cancer will 
grow. if israel retreats after receiving hostages, some in body bags, it
 has every reason to anticipate a repeat of october 7th. mothers 
embracing their children today may tomorrow be replaced by other mothers
 agonizing over their children’s fate all over again. the job of a 
parent is to shield their child from danger for as long as they can, but
 the job of a government, in this case the israeli government, 
especially its leadership, is to protect the entire nation from all 
foreseeable danger, so that “never again” is never again forever.
throughout my life, first under the hypocritical iron fist of the 
soviet empire and later as an immigrant in america, where some of the 
most important values and traditions of america’s greatness are too 
frequently compromised, i have always admired israel, a nation salvaged 
from near extinction. i have revered israel for its unwavering 
commitment to its core mission since its founding as a sovereign nation:
 the defense of its land and its people. for at least 63 years, it never
 faltered in this.
after the first three women were released this year, i heard: “why 
not celebrate with them? they feared this day wouldn’t come. celebrate 
with those young women!” or “happy now? you got your deal, your 
hostages. move on, stop this bloodshed.”
frankly, it doesn’t concern me that non-jews refuse to see this 
deal’s weakness; it saddens me that my people neglect how harmful it is 
for israel and jews.
as a human and mother, i want every hostage home, no matter the 
price. seeing mothers with daughters breaks my heart with happiness, 
heartbreak, and disappointment. as a jew, mother, and zionist, these 
people are in hell because of deals like this, like 2011’s, which led to
 october 7th. today’s rushed deal anticipates similar tragedies, 
different mothers lamenting, children orphaned. a new government will 
seek a new solution.
an understanding world is a luxury jews and israel cannot afford. to survive, israel must fight.
the world will never understand or forgive a nation which, after 
losing 6 million to genocide, created its own state from the ashes and 
became a maverick of modern civilization. had jews and their promised 
land been losers, surrounded by enemies, swallowed by neighboring 
states, and became israelis with a victimhood mentality, the world might
 have forgiven their roughness. but israel’s story is different. the 
past 77 years, however difficult, have been a victory for israel and 
every jew there. strong, courageous victors fighting for their people, 
knowing they are all potential hostages, these israelis will never be 
sympathized with. all that remains is respect, existing without love or 
understanding, founded on reason. it would be impossible not to respect 
israel’s refusal of weak deals — its only duty being to protect its 
country from future tragedies.https://www.algemeiner.com/2025/02/11/israels-hostage-dilemma-in-search-of-the-worlds-understanding-and-respect/





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

wednesday, february 12, 2025



no comments:
  



















tuesday, february 11, 2025








thank g-d for the chief rabbinate! - baruch hashem - baruch hashem - baruch hashem - baruch hashem - baruch hashem - 





 chief rabbinate: kosher for passover pizza must have a 'mountain of cheese' chief rabbinate demands that kosher-for-passover pizzas differ obviously from regular pizzas.passoverchief rabbinatepizza1 minutesa
 company trying to import kosher for passover pizzas from abroad was met
 with an unexpected demand by the israeli chief rabbinate.the
 chief rabbinate's rabbi avi kozman updated the company with the news 
that in order to receive kosher certification, there needs to be a 
"mountain of cheese" in the center of the pizza, ynet reported.the rabbinate explained that this would differentiate the kosher for passover pizza from regular pizza eaten year-round.the
 rabbinate also said that the pizza's appearance must be changed from 
round to square or rectangular. in a letter sent to the importer, the 
chief rabbinate demanded: "in the center of the pizza, there must be 
double the amount of cheese, so that it creates a shape resembling a 
mountain."the importer attempted to explain that such demands are
 impossible to meet, since the pizza is packaged in a carton, and that 
additional cheese would raise the cost for the importer by 15%, 
estimated to equal 8-10% of the price of the product in israel."why
 does the chief rabbinate demand changing the shape of the pizza, if the
 package clearly states, 'kosher for passover under the supervision of 
the chief rabbinate,' both on the front and on the side of the package?"
 the importer queried.uoj eitza to importer: meet them in the bathroom at the dan with a few large paper bag$.    יישר כח  - חזק וברוך https://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/403700





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

tuesday, february 11, 2025



3 comments:
  



















monday, february 10, 2025








reviewing israeli discourse since october 7 on the roots of the intelligence fiasco conjures up a bleak, at times even exasperating, picture. at its center is the difficulty of pointing to the true malfunctions, tinged with doubt over the ability to change following this colossal failure.





 the war as an intelligence lab, understanding the failure leading to hamas massacre analysis: the
 roots of the present catastrophe are not limited to the events of the 
night between october 6 and 7 but reflect an extreme and long-lasting 
lack of understanding of the enemy
an idf tank overtaken by gaza residents during the hamas massacre on oct. 7by taboolapromoted links.enlarged prostate is not because of age: just stop doing this habit!prostate news onlinereport: trump envoy told netanyahu to make hostage deal or 'we pack up and leave'ynet news'what’s the next step?': report exposes hamas' lack of strategy after october 7 attackynet newsthe current discourse is nothing more than a fervent search for keys under the streetlight. the point of departure is that intelligence experts have sharp minds, and therefore, the search for flaws and suggested solutions should focus primarily on this aspect.  thus, ideas are raised for improving thinking and assessment formulation designs and processes (particularly the groupthink challenge), as well as for developing new methodologies, enhancing control systems, revisiting technology’s dominance in intelligence work, or optimizing the relations between various intelligence organizations. more storieshamas in defiant message to trump: 'we are the war’s next day'jewish convert and the star of david ring that sparked controversy: meet morgan ortagushamas has ordered systematic starvation of male hostages, freed captives revealthe analysis of the defects does not include two other aspects that are viewed as secondary. the first – the behavioral/personality dimension that plays a key role in all modern-day intelligence failures, including october 7.  intelligence work is spearheaded by people with extraordinary qualities, but they are not immune to the fundamentals that are often found to underlie any disaster: self-assuredness; arrogance; dogmatism; difficulty in doubting and encouraging pluralism; as well as profound knowledge gaps with regard to the nature and logic of their objects of study.senior
 intelligence officers spoke of the lessons learned from the past, 
primarily the need for humility and caution, while being blind to the 
fact that they themselves were symptomatic of the same diseasethis point is further accentuated in view of the october 7 fiasco occurring precisely half a century after that of the yom kippur war. in the weeks that led up to october 7, events were held to mark 50 years to the 1973 war, during which senior intelligence officers spoke of the lessons learned from the past, primarily the need for humility and caution while being blind to the fact that they themselves were symptomatic of the same disease that soon swept them up in a whirlwind no less shocking than the yom kippur war. one possible solution is commanders and consultants who alert to personal behavioral patterns that impact professional work. the second aspect that has been overlooked is far more grievous, and pertains to the portrait of intelligence officers, as well as to the world of knowledge with which they are charged. limited familiarity with the basic characteristics of their objects of study, who operate in a culture very different from our own, is an issue that has already been raised in the inquiry into the 1973 debacle. but although understood, it was not addressed, and so – as overlooked malfunctions tend to do – was preserved, enhanced, and ultimately erupted with great force. in recent decades, fewer israelis are fluent in arabic and proficient in the region’s culture and history, but, while true for israeli society as a whole, this issue is of particular significance among intelligence officers tasked with cracking the logic that drives “the other side.” this state of affairs reflects a severe crisis few are aware of or discuss with which the intelligence profession has been contending in recent decades in israel and worldwide. over the years, intelligence has transformed from a vivacious experience that centers primarily on people, and should therefore rely on the tools essential to analyzing their psyche, to a form of science reliant upon complex methodologies and philosophical conundrum-cracking, which gradually steered clear of focusing on individuals, especially those affiliated with other cultures.  it is against this backdrop that the portrait of intelligence officers has been shaped, including the skills they are required to possess, the assignments they are required to complete, and how they are to be trained. their minds are sharp and they are far more knowledgeable now due to information explosion, but their understanding of the reality that they are researching has diminished.when
 the roots of a failure remain untouched, it is no surprise that past 
flaws resurface, headed by the tendency to impose our own logic on our 
object of studythe roots of the present catastrophe are not limited to the events of the night between october 6 and 7. this failure reflects an extreme and long-lasting lack of understanding of the enemy. the intelligence inquiry cannot end with a description of the roots of the misconception, but must proceed to analyze how it was formed, why it had endured for as long as it did, and why it was so widely held as a “solid truth.” the lessons raised thus far with regard to the roots of the intelligence fiasco can be likened to the advice of a plastic surgeon pursuing aesthetics when the touch of a geneticist is needed to break down the intelligence officers’ dna and critically examine its effectiveness in view of the assignments they are required to complete. when the roots of a failure remain untouched, it is no surprise that past flaws resurface, headed by the tendency to impose our own logic on our object of study, as reflected in the economic arrangement conception vis-à-vis gaza, as well as the notion that hamas is undergoing an “evolution” that is lessening its adherence to its extreme ideological vision. this problem is reflected in a document recently drafted by israeli military intelligence on the roots of the misconception, arguing that the intelligence misunderstood that the enemy was not driven by “rational logic” but by “jihadi instinct.” the same was said of yahya sinwar in the years that led to october 7, exempting the intelligence agencies from the need to deeply analyze the enemy’s logic by claiming it is irrational. the ongoing war serves as an intelligence lab for identifying gaps and validating competence: october 7 revealed a flaw in the ability to alert to war founded on the difficulty of understanding the enemy; the israeli surprise in view of the iranian attack in april 2024 – following the strike against the consulate in damascus – also reflected a gap in assessing the enemy’s logic; and the surprising collapse of assad’s regime revealed a lack of understanding of in-depth processes and formation dynamics. a poignant analysis of the roots of october 7 must cause unease among intelligence officers, not only because they had failed to alert to the enemy’s intentions and had misread the latter, but because many of them are not well-versed in the enemy’s language and cultural codes – essential components in the toolbox of those who engage in cultures that are not their own, such as historians, journalists, and, of course, intelligence officers. the latter must recognize that technology and methodology cannot make up for profound understandings. https://www.ynetnews.com/article/rkon8jskkl?isapp=true





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

monday, february 10, 2025



1 comment:
  



















friday, february 07, 2025








talkline with zev brenner with rabbi pini dunner- was the chaim walder story mishandled?  who is to blame? failure in leadership & "daas torah" lies!











posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

friday, february 07, 2025



no comments:
  
























chaim walder & the cover-ups in our communities --- exposing the lie of the nile river -- and the lies in our system. redemption begins when we expose the toxicity inside and outside.











posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

friday, february 07, 2025



no comments:
  
























this is the story of a controversy that shook the world of torah study and academic research 120 years ago. “the truth is that i forged it. i did not find a manuscript, but everything i wrote was composed from the words of the sages that i gathered from various sources.”





 
did it exist or not? the missing order of the jerusalem talmud 

            discoveries and disappointments, rumors and accusations, 
fraudsters and conspiracies—along with an adventurous journey across the
 dusty roads of turkey. this is the story of a controversy that shook 
the world of torah study and academic research 120 years ago.        


jewish booksmedieval jewish culturerare jewish books







as if the early decades of the 20th century weren’t turbulent 
enough—especially in the jewish world—a storm that erupted in 1905 sent 
shockwaves through the community of torah scholars for years. it was a 
global controversy, brimming with drama, and if you aren’t already 
familiar with this story, it’s about time you heard it!
before diving into the details, let’s set the stage. the mishnah, 
compiled by rabbi judah the prince around 200 ce, is divided into six 
orders (shas): zera’im (seeds), mo’ed (festivals), nashim 
(women), nezikin (damages), kodashim (holy things), and taharot 
(purities). each order is further divided into tractates.
about 150 years later, in the land of israel, the jerusalem talmud 
was compiled. later, in babylonia, the babylonian talmud was written. 
both talmuds expand upon and explain the mishnah, documenting legal 
discussions and the evolution of jewish law as debated by the sages of 
their time. however, not every tractate of the mishnah is included in 
the talmud (gemara), and some tractates appear in only one of the two 
talmuds. for instance, the babylonian talmud contains tractates from 
parts of kodashim, but the jerusalem talmud lacks the order of kodashim 
altogether.
or at least, that’s what was believed—until 120 years ago. and thus, the controversy was born.

a lost manuscript or a fabrication?
for centuries, scholars debated whether the jerusalem talmud once 
included the order of kodashim and was lost over time, or if it was 
never compiled in the first place. according to maimonides and several 
other authorities, a jerusalem talmud for kodashim did exist nearly 
1,700 years ago. others argue that it never did.

manuscript of the jerusalem talmud, leiden 1289
in 1868, rabbi benjamin hirsch auerbach claimed he had heard that a 
manuscript of the jerusalem talmud on kodashim was hidden in the vatican
 library in rome. this rumor attracted fraudsters, who, in 1873, 
attempted to collect money from unsuspecting jews to fund a trip to 
rome, where they would supposedly retrieve and publish the lost text. 
however, they were exposed before any damage was done, and vatican 
experts confirmed that no such manuscript existed in their collection.
fifty years later, in the 1920s, rabbi mordechai farhand, a dayan 
(rabbinical judge) from the nitra community, traveled to the vatican to 
search for the manuscript. he found nothing.

the vatican library, image from the vatican library website
but in fact, the vatican episode was one of the milder chapters in the saga of the missing tractate.

a dramatic announcement
in 1905–1906, an electrifying proclamation spread across the jewish 
communities of europe. according to the announcement, rabbi shlomo 
yehuda elgazi s”t (sephardi tahor, or “pure sephardi”), also known by 
the ashkenazi surname friedländer, from the city of satmar, had 
discovered the lost jerusalem talmud order of kodashim. he intended to 
publish it, complete with his own original commentary, as a continuation
 of his earlier work cheshek shlomo, which covered other orders of the jerusalem talmud.
excitement swept through the world of torah study. leading rabbis 
endorsed the printing of the long-lost text. a year later, the first 
volume, containing the tractates chullin and bekhorot, was offered for 
sale.
seemingly overnight, contradictions that had puzzled scholars for 
centuries—regarding laws of ritual slaughter, temple service, and 
sacrificial offerings—were resolved. difficult halakhic questions found 
clear answers, all thanks to friedländer’s newly printed talmud.

a
 letter written by friedländer to the scholar shlomo buber regarding the
 jerusalem talmud. from the shwadron collection, the national library of
 israel.

a treasure hunt across turkey
where had friedländer found the lost order of kodashim?
in his introduction to tractate chullin, he described the discovery 
in vivid detail. according to his account, his brother, eliyahu elgazi, 
traveled to izmir on business and purchased books from the estate of 
rabbi yehoshua benveniste, who had died in turkey 250 years earlier. 
among the volumes were first-edition printings of the jerusalem talmud, 
annotated by benveniste himself. eliyahu, knowing his brother was 
writing a commentary on the jerusalem talmud, sent the books to him.
in one of the volumes, friedländer allegedly found two old letters that deepened the mystery.
one letter, signed by the chief rabbi of constantinople, expressed 
support for publishing rabbi benveniste’s annotations on the jerusalem 
talmud for kodashim. this suggested that such a manuscript did indeed 
exist. the letter detailed how a converso named don abraham halevi, who 
lived in lisbon, had befriended a priest from barcelona who was also a 
former converso. the priest entrusted don abraham with a bundle of 
manuscripts, which he then carried with him to turkey. there, he gifted 
them to rabbi benveniste, who had helped him return to judaism. among 
the documents, rabbi benveniste was astonished to find the long-lost 
jerusalem talmud on kodashim.
but the second letter painted a different picture. according to this letter, rabbi benveniste ultimately decided not
 to publish the manuscript, fearing that it would be seen as heretical. 
at the time, the jewish world—especially in turkey—was still reeling 
from the false messianism of shabbetai tzvi, whose radical teachings had
 led to the abolition of many religious commandments. the discovery of a
 “new” jewish text, especially one as significant as a missing section 
of the talmud, might have raised suspicions and been used as 
justification for further religious upheaval.
friedländer was captivated by these letters. he had to find the manuscript.
his brother eliyahu and their friend, rabbi yaakov kobi, embarked on 
an adventure across turkey, searching for descendants of rabbi 
benveniste in the hopes that one of them still possessed the treasure. 
eventually, they tracked down a villager named suleiman benveniste, who 
showed them an amulet wrapped in silk, claiming it was the missing 
talmud. to their disappointment, the manuscript was in terrible 
condition, with large sections missing.
eliyahu and yaakov convinced suleiman to send the manuscript to 
friedländer in hungary, promising him a share of the profits from its 
publication. according to friedländer, a colophon at the end of the text
 revealed that the scribe, yitzhak bar yosef albergloni, had copied the 
talmud in the year 1212 from a carefully edited manuscript once owned by
 hai gaon, the leader of babylonian jewry at the time.
if true, this was a stunning discovery. the lost jerusalem talmud had finally been revealed.
the war for the truth
but the euphoria was short-lived. the first to dampen the excitement 
of torah scholars and talmudic researchers was rabbi dov aryeh ritter of
 rotterdam, who, in an article, described his initial joy at hearing 
about the discovery—only to later express disappointment upon realizing 
it was a forgery. soon, other rabbis across europe began questioning the
 authenticity of the book. rabbi dov baer ratner of vilna published a series of articles exposing friedländer’s fraud.

rabbi ritter’s article (der israelit, june 1907).
friedländer, however, did not sit idly by. he fiercely responded to 
anyone who suggested that the text was a forgery. one of his students, 
avraham rosenberg, wrote a scathing rebuttal in his book aneh kesil (answer a fool), directly attacking rabbi ratner.

aneh kesil (answer a fool), avraham rosenberg, 1908.
another prominent critic of friedländer was rabbi meir dan plotzky, who, in his book she’alu shalom yerushalayim,
 systematically analyzed the text and demonstrated that it was 
fraudulent. another of friedländer’s students, yosef ben mahar”i, came 
to his teacher’s defense in his book herev nokemet (avenging sword), launching personal attacks on rabbi plotzky but failing to address the substantive evidence of forgery.

she’alu shalom yerushalayim and herev nokemet
despite mounting skepticism, friedländer published another volume of 
the so-called jerusalem talmud—this time on the tractates zevachim and 
arakhin.

jerusalem talmud, tractate zevachim
meanwhile, the rebbe of gur and many others demanded to see the 
original manuscript, which friedländer claimed was kept by suleiman 
benveniste. but friedländer repeatedly evaded such requests. no one ever
 saw the manuscript or the letters he claimed to have discovered in 
turkey.
the mask falls
jewish europe was in turmoil. some were thrilled by the discovery, 
while others decried it as an elaborate fraud. at the height of the 
controversy, rabbi zvi hirsch halevi horowitz of hermannstadt published 
damning information on another deception by friedländer: he had claimed 
to have received an amulet from a zurich museum, allegedly written by 
rabbi jonathan eybeschutz, from which he supposedly deduced that 
eybeschutz was a sabbatean. rabbi horowitz’s investigation, however, 
revealed that no such amulet existed—friedländer had fabricated the 
entire story to bolster his supposed expertise in deciphering 
manuscripts. with this revelation, many concluded that his “students” 
avraham rosenberg and yosef were fictitious as well, and that 
friedländer himself had authored the books defending his fraudulent 
claims.
the final blow to friedländer’s reputation came from the rabbis of 
dvinsk—rabbi yosef rosen, known as the rogatchover gaon, and rabbi meir 
simcha of dvinsk—who officially declared the jerusalem talmud on 
kodashim a forgery. it remained unclear, however, whether friedländer 
had personally forged it or had acquired the forgery from another 
source.
over time, pieces of real information about friedländer surfaced. he 
had claimed to have studied at the famed volozhin yeshiva and to have 
served as deputy rabbi of frankfurt, head of a rabbinical court in 
western germany, assistant rabbi of satmar, and head of a yeshiva. none 
of this was true.
so, who was he, really?
he was born in belarus under the name zusia. a gifted and intelligent
 young man, but certainly not a sephardi named elgazi. he married a 
woman, abandoned her during his wanderings, and later married another 
without ever divorcing the first. he was a talented scholar, impressing 
rabbis with his knowledge and articles published in torah journals.

“the truth is that i forged it”
there is no doubt that friedländer had a unique talent. he crafted a 
complex and intricate story about discovering the manuscript, and if he 
indeed wrote it himself, he must have possessed deep knowledge of 
rabbinic literature and persuasive writing skills. according to rabbi 
yaakov tzvi yanovsky in his 1913 pamphlet tzaid ramaiah (hunting for fraud), friedländer relied heavily on the book yafeh einayim
 by rabbi aryeh leib yellin. this book compiled talmudic discussions 
from across rabbinic literature, making it an excellent resource for 
inserting relevant citations—or even fabricating new ones.
friedländer also exploited legal rulings by maimonides and his 
contemporaries that lacked explicit sources. conveniently, he “found” 
those missing sources in his own forged jerusalem talmud. in response to
 rabbi yanovsky’s accusations, friedländer published a rebuttal pamphlet
 titled letz hayayin (the wine jester), predictably attacking his critic rather than addressing the evidence.

tzaid ramaiah (hunting for fraud), by rabbi yaakov tzvi yanovsky, 1913
years after friedländer’s death, the truth came to light. in a 1951 article published in hapardes,
 rabbi yekuthiel yehuda greenwald described his encounters with 
friedländer in khust and later in satmar. as a young man, greenwald had 
been impressed by friedländer’s charismatic and mysterious persona, 
supporting him during the jerusalem talmud controversy. but in the 
article, written nearly 40 years after the scandal, greenwald revealed 
what friedländer had once admitted to him: “the truth is that i forged 
it. i did not find a manuscript, but everything i wrote was composed 
from the words of the sages that i gathered from various sources.”
many books and articles have been written about this strange affair. 
today, it is widely known that the jerusalem talmud order of kodashim is
 a forgery, and yet it was reprinted in facsimile edition in israel in 
1996 and in the united states in 2003. but does anyone actually want to 
study it?

more recent printings of the forged jerusalem talmud order of kadoshim
if you still have your doubts, come visit the national library, order
 a copy from our rare books collection, and see for yourself!https://blog.nli.org.il/en/lost_kodashim_jerusalem-talmud/?






posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

friday, february 07, 2025



no comments:
  



















thursday, february 06, 2025








yesterday, president donald trump single-handedly collapsed the most destructive idea of the last hundred years—palestine. 





 the end of ‘palestine’ donald trump and benjamin netanyahu speak during a meeting in the oval office on feb. 4, 2025yesterday,
 president donald trump single-handedly collapsed the most destructive 
idea of the last hundred years—palestine. during meetings with israeli 
prime minister benjamin netanyahu and other israeli officials, trump 
said he was going to move 1.7 million palestinians out of gaza. and just
 like that, he broke the long spell that had captured generations of 
world leaders, peace activists, and middle east terror masters alike, 
who had paradoxically come to regard the repeated failure and haunting 
secondary consequences of the idea of joint arab muslim and jewish 
statehood in the same small piece of land as proof of its necessity.palestine
 was a misshapen idea from the beginning, engendered by an act of pure 
negation. the arabs could have gone along with the u.n.’s partition plan
 like the jews did, and chosen to build whatever version of switzerland 
or belgium on the eastern med in 1948. instead, they resoundingly chose 
war. that’s the storied “nakba” at the core of the palestinian 
legend—the catastrophe that drove the arabs from their land and
 hung a key around the neck of a nation waiting to go home. the arabs 
chose the catastrophe; they chose war, based on the premise that they 
would inevitably win and exterminate the jews.yet
 despite repeated military failures, and the increasing distance between
 the first-world powerhouse that the israelis built and their 
increasingly war-torn, third-world neighborhood, the global conscience 
was always predisposed to rebuilding what the palestinians destroyed. 
accordingly, the palestinian arabs became a tribe of feral children 
whose identity was carved out of the relentless vow to eliminate israel 
and slaughter the jews en masse—despite repeated failures, each one more
 crushing than the last.trump
 said, enough, we’re not rebuilding gaza. time for a new idea—the gazans
 have to to go, they can try to start again somewhere else, in a land 
where every building still standing isn’t already wired to explode.gazans
 waged an exterminationist campaign against israel, and they lost. at 
any other time in history, save the last 75 years, they would be lucky 
to lose only territory and not have their legend and language 
permanently deleted from the book of the living.what
 if they won’t go, or if the egyptians and jordanians won’t take them? 
they’ll take them, said trump. ah, he’s talking big, but it’s not real, 
say the experts—after all, he’s a real estate guy, and he’s pretending 
it’s just another property deal to pressure hamas—mar-a-gaza. you can’t 
move a million people just like that, says an american electorate that 
elected trump because he promised to deport tens of millions of illegal 
aliens who crossed the u.s. border in the last four years. he’s nuts 
says the d.c. foreign policy crowd: he’ll destabilize egypt and jordan, 
and undermine america’s best arab friends and allies in the region.yet
 trump is right to see both egypt and jordan as paltry constructions 
with little-to-no ability to project force on america’s behalf, and 
whose survival depends month to month on american aid. cairo is useful 
to the united states only insofar as it, one, makes sure the suez canal 
is open and, two, observes the peace treaty with israel—i.e., continues 
its campaign of repression against a populace of 112 million people who 
can barely afford to buy bread, and many of whose dreams are filled with
 the same insanity that drives hamas. the only antidote to this misery 
that egypt’s rulers have found is blaming the zionists next door for the
 ills of their own society, while torturing religious extremists in 
their prisons. maybe when elon musk is finished fixing washington he can
 conduct an audit of where american money goes in egypt. somehow, i 
doubt he’d get in the door.egyptian
 president abdel fattah al-sisi’s problem is that he allowed hamas to 
smuggle arms through the philadelphi crossing into gaza, thereby 
violating egypt’s peace treaty with israel—which is what we nominally 
pay him for. from the perspective of trump, an american president keen 
to enforce treaty obligations, sisi has a new chance to prove himself as
 a friend of america and not a grafting liar by adding a million 
gazans—who in the past have been ruled by egypt and have family names 
like al-masri (“the egyptian”)—to egypt’s existing population of 112 
million, amounting percentagewise to roughly the same number of legal
 immigrants that the united states accepts per year. sisi can deal with 
the hamas members among the gazan immigrants the same way he deals with 
muslim brotherhood militants in his own society—or he can give them all 
medals for their service. it’s up to him.and
 if not? well, he might remember that hosni mubarak’s regime collapsed 
not because of muslim brotherhood-led street protests during the 2011 
arab spring but because barack obama withdrew his support from the 
longtime u.s. ally.with
 money from the gulf states, or even israel, sisi can afford to absorb 
palestinians and might even volunteer to take all of gaza—the average 
salary in egypt at present being the equivalent of $5,000 per year. he 
can then leave jordan’s king abdullah responsible for the rest of the 
palestinians in the likely event that trump, as he did in his first 
term, encourages netanyahu to annex the jordan valley, or goes a step 
further and acknowledges israeli sovereignty over judea and samaria.since the cia has long treated the hashemite kingdom as a key asset, we can expect within the next week the washington post’s
 david ignatius to publish an article based on intelligence 
sources—i.e., u.s. and jordanian spies—concocting a story about trump’s 
rationale for “destabilizing jordan.” the reality is that the 
jordanians, with u.s. help, put down a palestinian rebellion in 1970. 
the country of a little more than 11 million is already estimated to be 
two-thirds palestinian, the rest jordanian tribesmen, and it’s hard to 
see how adding another 500,000 palestinians will make it harder for 
jordan’s notoriously effective security services to contain their 
neighbors, especially if the offer includes a few dozen more black hawk 
helicopters. after all, no one will expect the jordanians to allow hamas
 to build a giant tunnel-city stuffed with rocket factories beneath 
their encampments while giving them billions in foreign aid to pay for 
it all.again,
 the key players here aren’t jordan and egypt but the oil rich gulf 
cooperation council states, especially saudi arabia, the united arab 
emirates, and of course qatar. trump might make saudi largesse in 
resettling the gazans a precondition for the much-hyped prospect of 
normalizing relations between riyadh and jerusalem. given the fact that 
israel regularly attracts nine- and 10-figure investments from silicon 
valley’s biggest funds, the reality is that the saudis have little to 
offer israel except for money applied to exactly this type of local 
purpose. moving millions of gazans who have repeatedly attacked their 
israeli neighbors out of what is now a shattered war zone is a sensible 
investment in the kind of stability that helps rich people get richer.the
 arabs and democrats are only the most vocal of the many opposed to 
trump’s initiative. left-wing governments from europe to australia are 
lining up to pledge their allegiance to the fantasy of a palestinian 
state, in the hopes of propitiating muslim and arab constituencies at 
home—whose understanding of “peace” means eliminating israel. but even 
leaving the patent bad faith of those professing “peace” aside, moving 
gazans out of gaza is the only sane option 14 months after they 
initiated a campaign of rape, murder, and hostage-taking that brought 
their own house down on their heads.after
 all, what’s more fanciful, moving 1.7 million people out of gaza, a 
large portion of whom would simply be required to board air-conditioned 
buses or walk across the nearby egypt border, or compelling them to live
 in a giant rubble field booby-trapped by an iran-backed terrorist 
group? estimates vary as to how long it would take to clear gaza of 
explosives—half a decade or more? fifteen years? twenty? are the gazans 
supposed to live quietly in tents for the next decade or two while their
 homes are rebuilt next door? where? in “temporary cities” made of dwell magazine-like rehabbed shipping containers built by graduates of birmingham university? in hamas’ tunnels?regardless,
 should the palestinians remain in gaza, they would invariably return to
 war no matter how much munificence the gulf arab states, the european 
union, and perhaps even the u.s. might shower on the toxic sand castle 
built over the past two decades with billions of western aid money. 
proof the palestinians can’t and won’t keep the peace is that even after
 they won a reprieve when trump’s middle east envoy steve witkoff forced
 the biden administration’s cease-fire on jerusalem, hamas and its 
ngo-supported human shields celebrated in the streets as if the hamas 
space program had successfully landed palestinians on mars. even as 
israel released jailed murderers, the gazans paraded israeli hostages 
through the ruins of gaza like trophies of war.the
 saudis, qataris, emiratis and others who now rend their clothes while 
lamenting the likely fate of their ant-farm death cult might well have 
counseled: quiet brothers, you have been spared. don’t bring 
attention to yourselves. for the winds of gaza shift on a whim and who 
knows if you are not next to be swept away by fate—or the american 
president.here is the stark reality: gazans, not just
 the enlisted members of the hamas brigades, waged an exterminationist 
campaign against israel, and they lost. at virtually any other time in 
history, save the last 75 years, they would be lucky to lose only 
territory and not have their legend and language permanently deleted 
from the book of the living.trump’s
 generous offer to the gazans therefore signals a return to history, but
 with a twist. trump has not only spared them, but vowed to provide them
 with new lives, better lives, work, new homes, a chance to raise their 
families in peace, an existence not premised on total and permanent war 
with a more powerful adversary destined to rout them entirely, and would
 have already done so if not for the objections of other powerful global
 players.trump,
 in his innovative mercy, has offered to save the palestinian people 
from their own history, and give them a new idea to live by. they should
 thank their maker for the chance to start anew—and give thanks as well 
to the american president, who realistically promises them a better 
future, backed by u.s. global power. given the repeated failure of the 
multi-decade-long dream of eliminating and replacing the jews of israel,
 it seems unlikely that the palestinians will receive a better offer.https://www.tabletmag.com/sections/israel-middle-east/articles/end-of-palestine





posted by



paul mendlowitz




at

thursday, february 06, 2025



1 comment:
  





















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









featured post

time for our community to apologize to survivors of sexual abuse - * pinned post until after sukkot!*





standing on the shoulders of a giant! april 2014





click!



the uoj perspective





click above!



ultra-religious catholic journalist interviews three priests about the catholic church





click!



sorting through the rubble the message is clear!





*****click*****



i went to the rabbis, but the rabbis did not come  --- let's change the subject - march 23, 2006





*****click***** a critical time in jewish history!



the uoj doctrine! the uoj archives - april 21, 2009





click! - i can't be intimidated!



in the summer of 1937 at the third convention of the rabbinical leaders of agudath israel...





click --- "in heaven it appears that they deem us to be righteous because our bodies have been chosen to stone for the jewish people. therefore, we must repent now, immediately.



the righteous rabbi & the monster from baronovich!





click!



uoj's response to rabbi eidensohn on the meaning of authentic torah-true judaism





click!



it is well known that these accusing parents just hate rabbis!





click!



after thirty eight years of harboring a vicious pedophile...more lies!





click!



third and final hazmana (summons) to bais din served today upon lipa margulies and yudi kolko





click!



a warm moment with my rebbe - rav moshe wolfson zt”l





click!



תורת השם





click!



אַחַת שָׁאַלְתִּי מֵאֵת-יְהוָה אוֹתָהּ אֲבַקֵּשׁ: שִׁבְתִּי בְּבֵית-יְהוָה, כָּל-יְמֵי חַיַּי





click



וְיִֽתֶּן־לְךָ הָֽאֱלֹהִים מִטַּל הַשָּׁמַיִם וּמִשְׁמַנֵּי הָאָרֶץ וְרֹב דָּגָן וְתִירֹֽשׁ.





click!



the annual uoj state of the union address





click!




'the unorthodox jew' is a blog that critically examines aspects of orthodox judaism, offering in-depth analysis and commentary on contemporary issues within the community. authored by an orthodox writer, the blog delves into controversial and often sensitive topics, aiming to foster dialogue and reflection. with a focus on accountability and transparency, the blog serves as a platform for discussing challenges and advocating for change within orthodox jewish practices and leadership.



20 best orthodox jewish blogs and websites - the best orthodox jewish blogs from thousands of blogs





click!  # 1 - unorthodox - jew



the enemy within - part two - the evolution of right wing fanatacism





click!



this post is not an "i told you so"! (maybe it is)





click!



the uoj bais din is now in session - rosh bais din - dayan uoj presiding!





click on rosh bais din!



"i will be attacked with ridicule from all sides. but what can i do? a fire is burning within me....





a fire, which cannot be extinguished." .... rabbi shraga feivel mendlowitz zt"l, the "architect" of torah in america, written in 1923. click!



if the prophet speaks in the name of יהוה and the oracle does not come true...

“how can we know that the oracle was not spoken by יהוה?”— if the prophet speaks in the name of יהוה and the oracle does not come true, that oracle was not spoken by יהוה; the prophet has uttered it presumptuously: do not stand in dread of that person.
deuteronomy 18:20-22



do you not know that a false pretender to prophecy is liable to capital punishment?





click!אֲשֶׁר֩ יְדַבֵּ֨ר הַנָּבִ֜יא בְּשֵׁ֣ם יְהֹוָ֗ה וְלֹֽא־יִהְיֶ֤ה הַדָּבָר֙ וְלֹ֣א יָבֹ֔א ה֣וּא הַדָּבָ֔ר אֲשֶׁ֥ר לֹא־דִבְּר֖וֹ יְהֹוָ֑ה בְּזָדוֹן֙ דִּבְּר֣וֹ הַנָּבִ֔יא לֹ֥א תָג֖וּר מִמֶּֽנּוּ׃           if the prophet speaks in the name of יהוה and the oracle does not come true, that oracle was not spoken by יהוה; the prophet has uttered it presumptuously: do not stand in dread of that person. 



can you hear me now? - part 4 - taking judaism back from the con-artists!





click!



the battles that brought down yeshiva torah vodaath!





click on photo



yeshiva torah vodaath vs. lipa margulies





click on photo



can you hear me now? - yeshiva torah vodaath versus lipa margulies - part two





click



boys town jerusalem proudly partners with the idf!





click!



who needs an army when you have bench kvetchers?





click on rambam!



the doctrine of daas torah as a case study...





click



the haredi leadership: crime and its punishment





click on daas torah or torah and daas --- לחץ על דעת תורה או תורה ודעת 



search this blog




















his humanity must live on!





click!








******click****** amazing content not on the blog!



ok! i think i heard him say i should have gotten vaccinated!





click!



the global covid-19 vaccination effort is estimated to have saved around 20 million lives





click!



attention anti-vaxxers - can you handle the facts?





click!



increase in global and domestic measles cases and outbreaks





click!



the father of america’s yeshivos





click



the legend -- rav shraga feivel mendlowitz ztvkl - the visionary - the ardent zionist





click to listen to podcasts!



who's in charge?





click! it is sad that one of our own people should find it necessary to accuse rabbis, and among them four elder sages and greats, and i, with such a humble motive in many ways, would generally consider it a chutzpah. 



safeguard the thread of truth! זצוקייל





click!



the complete writings for dos yiddishe licht of rav shraga feivel mendlowitz זצוקייל





click!



the incredible vision and genius of rabbi shraga feivel mendlowitz ztvk"l on full display!





click!



the torah vodaath talmid





 click on photo above ---- rav shraga feivel did not seek a particular type of jew. everyone was welcome, everyone was made to feel comfortable, and everyone was important.



"and who gave the right to these rabbis to turn the torah into a cash machine?"





click!!!



the "normal" that made rabbi shraga feivel mendlowitz ztvk"l a legend. camp mesivta (torah vodaath)





click!



"reb shraga feivel lived in fear of any trace of chillul hashem"!





click!



hagaon harav shraga feivel זצוקייל





the legendary visionary & founder of torah umesorah - click on photo!



rav shraga feivel mendlowitz - in memoriam - זצוקייל





click!



follow uoj on twitter!





*****click*****  amazing content not on the blog!



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2025

(53)





        ▼ 
      



february

(14)





        ▼ 
      



feb 16

(1)

for people of faith - no-faith &  everyone else --...








        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(3)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(39)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(4)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(3)











        ► 
      



2024

(268)





        ► 
      



december

(28)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 30

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 27

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 26

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(27)





        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 26

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 25

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(3)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(18)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 01

(2)









        ► 
      



september

(24)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 29

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 24

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(3)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(24)





        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 27

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(19)





        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 04

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(23)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(27)





        ► 
      



may 31

(2)







        ► 
      



may 30

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 28

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(2)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(18)





        ► 
      



apr 21

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 16

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 01

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(25)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(16)





        ► 
      



feb 29

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(19)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)











        ► 
      



2023

(229)





        ► 
      



december

(21)





        ► 
      



dec 26

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(25)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(2)









        ► 
      



october

(25)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(4)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(20)





        ► 
      



sep 28

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 26

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 22

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(19)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(15)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(7)





        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(24)





        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 28

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(2)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(15)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 16

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(23)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 30

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(18)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(17)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(1)











        ► 
      



2022

(243)





        ► 
      



december

(21)





        ► 
      



dec 30

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 27

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(22)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(19)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 21

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(2)









        ► 
      



september

(21)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 29

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 28

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(19)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(21)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(21)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(24)





        ► 
      



may 31

(1)







        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 26

(2)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(2)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(11)





        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 28

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 13

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(19)





        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(23)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(22)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)











        ► 
      



2021

(227)





        ► 
      



december

(21)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 28

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 27

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 26

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(13)





        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(18)





        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 21

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(14)





        ► 
      



sep 26

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 24

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(22)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 27

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(23)





        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(14)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(18)





        ► 
      



may 28

(1)







        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(19)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 28

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 22

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 21

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 16

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 13

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(23)





        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(3)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(19)





        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(23)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(3)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(1)











        ► 
      



2020

(152)





        ► 
      



december

(23)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 30

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 27

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(21)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 26

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 25

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(19)





        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 21

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 01

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(20)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 24

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(19)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 27

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(23)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(16)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(8)





        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(1)





        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(2)





        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)











        ► 
      



2019

(173)





        ► 
      



december

(1)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(8)





        ► 
      



sep 18

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(23)





        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 27

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(17)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(20)





        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(18)





        ► 
      



may 31

(1)







        ► 
      



may 30

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 28

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(20)





        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 22

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 16

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 01

(2)









        ► 
      



march

(21)





        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(21)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(3)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(24)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)











        ► 
      



2018

(211)





        ► 
      



december

(19)





        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(19)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 25

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(2)









        ► 
      



october

(12)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(11)





        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 26

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(12)





        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(11)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(22)





        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(21)





        ► 
      



may 30

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(3)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(2)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(14)





        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 16

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 13

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(22)





        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(24)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(2)









        ► 
      



january

(24)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)











        ► 
      



2017

(263)





        ► 
      



december

(17)





        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(27)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(23)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(19)





        ► 
      



sep 29

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 28

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 26

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(25)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(26)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(23)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(22)





        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(14)





        ► 
      



apr 28

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 21

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(23)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(24)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(20)





        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)











        ► 
      



2016

(253)





        ► 
      



december

(20)





        ► 
      



dec 26

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(20)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(3)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 01

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(16)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(3)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(23)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 29

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 28

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 22

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(2)









        ► 
      



august

(21)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 30

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(24)





        ► 
      



jul 25

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(3)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(23)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(3)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(2)









        ► 
      



may

(26)





        ► 
      



may 31

(1)







        ► 
      



may 30

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 11

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(19)





        ► 
      



apr 28

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 13

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(16)





        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(22)





        ► 
      



feb 29

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(23)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)











        ► 
      



2015

(251)





        ► 
      



december

(25)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 30

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 28

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(2)









        ► 
      



november

(17)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(20)





        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 21

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 01

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(18)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 24

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 22

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(17)





        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 27

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(20)





        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(23)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(20)





        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(20)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 29

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 28

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 22

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 21

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 01

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(25)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(25)





        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(21)





        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)











        ► 
      



2014

(239)





        ► 
      



december

(21)





        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 15

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(24)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 26

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 25

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 23

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(27)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(3)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 21

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 20

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(3)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 06

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(18)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 22

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 14

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(26)





        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 24

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 08

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(24)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(19)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 02

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(22)





        ► 
      



may 30

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 25

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(3)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 19

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 15

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(2)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(13)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 20

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 13

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 01

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(10)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(19)





        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(3)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(16)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(1)











        ► 
      



2013

(232)





        ► 
      



december

(17)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 22

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(10)





        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 26

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 22

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(14)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 08

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(11)





        ► 
      



sep 25

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 24

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(2)









        ► 
      



august

(17)





        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(16)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 29

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(24)





        ► 
      



jun 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 23

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(20)





        ► 
      



may 29

(2)







        ► 
      



may 28

(1)







        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(3)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(2)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(2)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(1)







        ► 
      



may 01

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(14)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(3)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(27)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(3)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(4)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 05

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(30)





        ► 
      



feb 27

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(4)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(3)







        ► 
      



feb 19

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 17

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 04

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(32)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 27

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 15

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(3)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 02

(1)











        ► 
      



2012

(232)





        ► 
      



december

(37)





        ► 
      



dec 31

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 30

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 28

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 27

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 26

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(4)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 02

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(24)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(3)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(3)









        ► 
      



october

(17)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 23

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(14)





        ► 
      



sep 30

(3)







        ► 
      



sep 27

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 04

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(12)





        ► 
      



aug 31

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 28

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 12

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 01

(2)









        ► 
      



july

(15)





        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 02

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(26)





        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(24)





        ► 
      



may 31

(1)







        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 21

(2)







        ► 
      



may 20

(2)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 16

(2)







        ► 
      



may 15

(2)







        ► 
      



may 14

(2)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(2)







        ► 
      



may 07

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)







        ► 
      



may 02

(2)









        ► 
      



april

(23)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 25

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 24

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 19

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 10

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 01

(2)









        ► 
      



march

(21)





        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 27

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 26

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(16)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 09

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 08

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(3)





        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 20

(1)











        ► 
      



2011

(99)





        ► 
      



december

(12)





        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 25

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 21

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(2)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 04

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(15)





        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 11

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 10

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(2)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(2)









        ► 
      



october

(7)





        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 16

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 03

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(7)





        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 18

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 13

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 07

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(7)





        ► 
      



aug 30

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 21

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 14

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 07

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(3)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 13

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(6)





        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(7)





        ► 
      



may 31

(1)







        ► 
      



may 22

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(1)







        ► 
      



may 13

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 10

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(7)





        ► 
      



apr 17

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 05

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 04

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(9)





        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 09

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 02

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(9)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 21

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 11

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(10)





        ► 
      



jan 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 03

(1)











        ► 
      



2010

(78)





        ► 
      



december

(9)





        ► 
      



dec 26

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 24

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 23

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 10

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 05

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(2)









        ► 
      



november

(6)





        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 17

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(10)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 22

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 04

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(4)





        ► 
      



sep 26

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 20

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 17

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 01

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(5)





        ► 
      



aug 29

(2)







        ► 
      



aug 25

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 20

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 15

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(8)





        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 05

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(10)





        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 25

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 08

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(3)





        ► 
      



may 16

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(6)





        ► 
      



apr 29

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 26

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 18

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 12

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(6)





        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(6)





        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 07

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 03

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 01

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(5)





        ► 
      



jan 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 18

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)











        ► 
      



2009

(82)





        ► 
      



december

(9)





        ► 
      



dec 20

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 09

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 03

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 01

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(11)





        ► 
      



nov 29

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 15

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 13

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 08

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 03

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(11)





        ► 
      



oct 30

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 25

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 18

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 14

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(3)





        ► 
      



sep 29

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 06

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(3)





        ► 
      



aug 27

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 18

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(7)





        ► 
      



jul 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 12

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(4)





        ► 
      



jun 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(6)





        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 12

(2)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(6)





        ► 
      



apr 28

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 27

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 21

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 17

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 03

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(12)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 29

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 24

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 17

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 16

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 03

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(6)





        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 18

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 05

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 02

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(4)





        ► 
      



jan 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 11

(1)











        ► 
      



2008

(102)





        ► 
      



december

(6)





        ► 
      



dec 19

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 08

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(11)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 28

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 25

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 24

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 20

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 19

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 16

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 12

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 09

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 04

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 02

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(12)





        ► 
      



oct 29

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 28

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 27

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 19

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 13

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 12

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 05

(3)







        ► 
      



oct 02

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(11)





        ► 
      



sep 28

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 21

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 19

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 15

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 12

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 10

(2)







        ► 
      



sep 08

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(8)





        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 26

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 19

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 11

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 04

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(6)





        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 22

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 16

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 14

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(4)





        ► 
      



jun 29

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 11

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 01

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(5)





        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 18

(1)







        ► 
      



may 09

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(7)





        ► 
      



apr 14

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 11

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 09

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 06

(2)







        ► 
      



apr 02

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(12)





        ► 
      



mar 31

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 28

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 25

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 06

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(12)





        ► 
      



feb 29

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 24

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 16

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 15

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(8)





        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 22

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(1)











        ► 
      



2007

(98)





        ► 
      



december

(3)





        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(10)





        ► 
      



nov 30

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 27

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 18

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 14

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 07

(1)







        ► 
      



nov 06

(3)







        ► 
      



nov 05

(1)









        ► 
      



october

(11)





        ► 
      



oct 31

(2)







        ► 
      



oct 26

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 24

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 17

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 15

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 11

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 10

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 09

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 07

(1)







        ► 
      



oct 01

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(6)





        ► 
      



sep 23

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 16

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 11

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 05

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 02

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(6)





        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 16

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 13

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 05

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 02

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(3)





        ► 
      



jul 28

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 15

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 08

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(11)





        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 20

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 14

(2)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 07

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 05

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(5)





        ► 
      



may 27

(1)







        ► 
      



may 14

(1)







        ► 
      



may 08

(1)







        ► 
      



may 06

(1)







        ► 
      



may 03

(1)









        ► 
      



april

(6)





        ► 
      



apr 30

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 23

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 22

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 15

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 08

(1)







        ► 
      



apr 07

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(15)





        ► 
      



mar 26

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 22

(2)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 19

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(3)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 13

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 12

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 04

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(2)









        ► 
      



february

(9)





        ► 
      



feb 28

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 26

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 20

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 14

(2)







        ► 
      



feb 13

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 12

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 10

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 06

(1)









        ► 
      



january

(13)





        ► 
      



jan 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 23

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 19

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 14

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 12

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 10

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 09

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 08

(2)







        ► 
      



jan 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jan 01

(1)











        ► 
      



2006

(71)





        ► 
      



december

(12)





        ► 
      



dec 29

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 18

(3)







        ► 
      



dec 17

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 16

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 14

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 13

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 12

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 11

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 07

(1)







        ► 
      



dec 06

(1)









        ► 
      



november

(1)





        ► 
      



nov 21

(1)









        ► 
      



september

(2)





        ► 
      



sep 09

(1)







        ► 
      



sep 03

(1)









        ► 
      



august

(11)





        ► 
      



aug 29

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 23

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 22

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 17

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 10

(4)







        ► 
      



aug 09

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 06

(1)







        ► 
      



aug 03

(1)









        ► 
      



july

(10)





        ► 
      



jul 31

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 30

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 27

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 26

(2)







        ► 
      



jul 25

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jul 01

(1)









        ► 
      



june

(8)





        ► 
      



jun 27

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 24

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 21

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 17

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 13

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 06

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 04

(1)







        ► 
      



jun 03

(1)









        ► 
      



may

(10)





        ► 
      



may 29

(1)







        ► 
      



may 26

(1)







        ► 
      



may 24

(1)







        ► 
      



may 23

(1)







        ► 
      



may 20

(1)







        ► 
      



may 17

(2)







        ► 
      



may 12

(1)







        ► 
      



may 05

(1)







        ► 
      



may 04

(1)









        ► 
      



march

(12)





        ► 
      



mar 30

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 23

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 21

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 20

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 18

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 15

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 14

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 11

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 10

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 08

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 07

(1)







        ► 
      



mar 01

(1)









        ► 
      



february

(5)





        ► 
      



feb 27

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 25

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 23

(1)







        ► 
      



feb 22

(2)
























click!



ראש מועצת גדולי האינטערנעט



"be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity" - horace mann



בבקשה אל תדאג, אני מבטיח לך ללכת אחרי חב"ד לאחר מותך





click!



uoj - "don't be taken in. never explain. never retract. get it done and let them howl!"





click!



global 30 featured in market watch














unionpay international announced a collaboration with diamondcard





click!



10 years planning mobile








global 30




























sign the petition!





click! you owe it to your kids!



בְּרֵאשִׁית ...and in the beginning...





click!



mendlowitz vs. heinemann





click!



when holiness fails!





click on heinemann's letter



facing the truth of history





click!



the commentor that can name the most people in this photograph - will get a free uoj cap!





click!



purim fever - אַ גאַנץ יאָר - a gantz yahr freilich!





click!



another naked man dies in jump from borough park office building





click!



agudath israel to governor cuomo - in our shuls there iz problem!





click on borat



beware of the glib frauds!





click!



50% discount with agudath israel membership card - family plans available!





click on photo to be upgraded from "basic" to "luxury" burial - free gedolim picture thrown in to your box!










the tendler curse! הקללה של טנדלר





click on sholom tendler



sexual abuse, shonda & concealment in orthodox jewish communities





now available! click on book cover! must read amazing book!



a tribute to the brave frontier of all baalei teshuva





click on book cover --- a lesson of courage, determination, and sheer smarts - a must read for all in these especially troublesome times!



belsky on kolko!





click!!!!!



on the rabbi's knee - the jews & their catholic priest problem!





*****click!*****



there's something about that philadelphia water!





click on photo - moshe eisemann of baltimore via yeshiva of philadelphia



uoj is dead - long live uoj!





click on uoj!



umoj in dire need of medication!





click on umoj above to find out why!



ny mag: ultra-orthodox jews still have a sex crime problem!





click!



rabbis - you are the real dangers to our children - not the internet!





click!



more tzures for d.a. hynes of brooklyn!





click on kolko!



hershel schachter's convert!





click!



the great anti-internet gathering!





click!



free speech under assault!





click!



a gathering by idiots for idiots!





click!



the mother of all kol korehs!





click!



orthodox doctor agrees - metziza b'peh dangerous!





click!



silence and self-rule: brooklyn's orthodox child abuse cover-up





click!



the most infamous plea deal, often cited by advocates, was in the case of rabbi yehuda kolko.





click!



if the rabbi is liable, would not the parents be liable as well?





click! § 260.10 endangering the welfare of a child.



american academy of pediatrics on metziza b'peh circumcision ritual





click!



2 more babies sickened by metziza b'peh





click!



i'm talkin' to you charlie hynes!





click!



seven new york district attorneys urging funding of child abuse prevention a priority!





click! citing 2010 data, the attorneys said 77,000 children were abused or neglected in new york state.



yeshiva principal allegedly sexually assaulted students - had affair with teacher!





click!



recognizing & preventing child abuse





click!



most never tell!





click!









uoj now formatted for smartphones * bookmark uoj * access site instantly * no loading wait time!








‘he masterminded the systematic rape of over 100 kids'





click!



orthodox jews celebrate a birthday on shellfish!





click --- l'hagdil torah ul'hadira!



tendler human trash in the news!





click!



new shul in brooklyn - "congregation 89 beards"!





click!



my friend jeff herman esq. wins a $100 million verdict against church in florida!





click on jeff!



agudah alzheimers association!





click!



agudah moetzes - take a good look at this photo!






rate your rabbi?





click!



the tendler slutwalk!





click!



7 things the agudah rabbis will never teach you!





click!



world's greatest criminal mugshots!





click!



if your child gets raped - go first to your rabbi - די באַסטערדז!





click הנבלות האלה! diese bastarde! ezek a rohadékok! estos hijos de puta! هؤلاء الأوغاد



pageviews - 12/20/2008






for my israeli readers! צפייה ביקורתית של יהדות אורתודוקסית





click!



mazel tov - rabbi hershel schachter!





click above photo! rabbi moshe feinstein states the very marriage of a gentile woman to a non observant jew, is equivalent to an open declaration that she will not observe the precepts. this is so, because it is highly unlikely that the gentile member of such a union, will be more committed to judaism than her remiss jewish husband (certainly when they are living together prior to their marriage). unlike mental or tacit negations, explains rav feinstein, open declarations do invalidate conversions. when such cases appear before a rabbinical court, its members actually become witnesses to an acceptance declaration that is not sincere. therefore, it is no longer a tacit insincerity, but rather an obvious one. as such, they are forbidden to sanction the conversion. regardless of what this jewish court may declare, the conversion is invalid and the person is not deemed a member of the jewish nation. in iggros moshe, letters of moshe (yoreh de’ah, no. 157), he writes that “according to the law, it is certain that one who converts for the sake of marriage, does not intend to keep the commandments, and is not a proselyte at all.”



the tendler disease in the news - again!





click!



we are in a time when the sheep may no longer trust the shepherds!





click!



tell me rabbi zweibel - what's rabbi margulies' phone number?





click!



high time for the rcc to do the catholic thing!





click!



the united states vs. israel weingarten





click!



go fish marvin hier!





click!



u.s. national debt hits $14 trillion and counting!





click!



midget marvin - the more you talk the smaller you get!





click on museum putz!



free guide to understanding dementia!





click!



israel's tendler!





click on animal!



you don't have to be jewish to get raped by a clergyman!





click! “wir haben es nicht gewusst” — we knew nothing!"



orthodox judaism indicted!





click!



the united states of china!





click!



ou jews & money!





click!



in case you're stayin' home for thanksgiving!





click! all proceeds to agudath israel!



in the beginning....





**click on kolko! **[for the thousands of newcomers]



rabbi yehuda kolko arrested for parole violation!





click!



they need me in california?





click!



eliminate metziza b'peh (oral suction) from the orthodox jewish lexicon now!





click on passy!



kind of like an agudah convention - without the food & the gedolim!





click!



uoj not at all  surprised by china's surprise move!





click!  world's no. 2 economy - intends on becoming number 1!



you don't have to be jewish to know how to prevent an economic collapse!





why is this idiot laughing? click!



brooklyn bar-mitzvah teacher





click on pig!



beware of the tendler in your neighborhood!





click on animal!



jewish day schools focusing on combating child abuse!





click on jewish star!



"one - perhaps slipped through our fingers!"





click on matt salomon's greasy fingers!



you could be jewish if you wear a black hat, eat rye bread & molest your own child!






you don't have to be jewish to wear a hat like rabbi yisroel belsky!





click!



bishop molests his own nephew - while church urges silence!





click! - you don't have to be jewish to be sexually molested by your uncle!



feed him drek!





click on pig!



these idiots have to be from the agudath israel!





click!



the end of american optimism!





click



rabbis fail to report child rapist!





click!



the danger that is china!





click!



thrown out of yula & young israel - sociopath & sheigetz sholom tendler opens yeshiva - rcc member!





click on sheigetz!



new square appoints vaad to deal with sexual abuse!





click on vaad!



lakewood kollel opens in senegal!





click on avreichim!



scandals tests trust in leadership!





click on "leaders!"



rabbi matt salomon  offers the pope his help!





click on photo!



oy! does he have a headache!





click on yosel!



child abuse - chipping away at the wall of silence!





click on bridge - for sale at the agudath israel!



rav yosef blau shlita





***click on photo!***         "batei din in our times are not effective in dealing with criminal behavior. lacking the investigative arm of the police and having restrictive standards of testimony they can not establish guilt. when the culprit is charismatic, he can often get protégés who feel indebted to him to lie to the beis din. it takes years before those who have been abused as youngsters to openly face their abuser."















kolko's office sign - auctioned on ebay!






i'm a bit concerned about ehud - he can't seem to keep his hands off of me!






ehud asked me to pardon him!






i look into your eyes --- and i see a rotten crook!






did you hear the one about the rabbi & the priest? rabbi kolko penetrated the priest (oh father)...



.....and rabbi pinchos scheinberg confessed!



heard the latest?  belsky just issued a hazmana - calling talansky to beis din for lashon hara!






george get this - aron twerski will be calling me an "honorable man" at tonight's dinner!






attorneys michael dowd & adam horowitz will trade the afikomen with margo for $100 million!



only at the chevrah chazerim arizona



dancin' gedolim featured chol hamoed - unbanned for the chevrah chazerim!






you goin' down tropper!






eternal jewish fraudster - leib tropper



preys on the weak, naive and vulnerable - beware of this thief !



the bais din tzedek of jerusalem - bans leib tropper & fraudulent group ejf!



no rabbis may participate in this fraud!



uoj would have you believe that this is mine.... no...it's not! ....it's the novominsker's












i'm such a happy idiot - there are no kosher witnesses of penetration in borough park!



 yakov perlow - head of agudath israel in america - "i can't be concerned with stories of sexual abuse of children in yeshivas, we need to build torah in america"



i did not have relations...



....with that organization...agudath israel!



it's a close call rabbi matisyahu salomon from lakewood ... sure looks like rosie's!






matisyahu salomon is an honorable horse's ass!






aron twerski is probably from the maskilim!






uoj iz only jew i like. high-five-e!






uoj & i have much in common!






zweibel, shafran & perlow.......



perlow is the yutz in stripes!



the pre-convention............convention! shabbos kodesh with the asher yatzer gedolim!



yom zeh m'chubad mekol yomim, ki vo shavas tzur olamim......oy..es iz gut tsu zine a yid...oy!



shafran getting his tongue pulled out after his last article on the internet!






gotta get this idiot to shut up!












avi shafran posing for the yated at his bar-mitzvah!






yo - bro - uoj- go ez on dem gedolim!






only on friday nights?






how many pardoned felons does that get me?






be happy, monica is a nice jewish girl... she comes from a good family...her father is a doctor!






dats right - no forshpiel!






the home of the kolko - tendlers convention


















highlights from the agudath israel convention!






rabbi philip berg - will give the kabbalah - red string award to the biggest phony rabbi!



number machines will be placed in each room....get there early!















uoj is the roto rooter guy!





********click********



no charge for yeshivas!






no job too big!






no job too small!






this looks like the dais at the agudah convention!






































'the unorthodox jew' is a blog that critically examines aspects of orthodox judaism, offering in-depth analysis and commentary on contemporary issues within the community. authored by an orthodox writer, the blog delves into controversial and often sensitive topics, aiming to foster dialogue and reflection. with a focus on accountability and transparency, the blog serves as a platform for discussing challenges and advocating for change within orthodox jewish practices and leadership.



20 best orthodox jewish blogs and websites





click - the best orthodox jewish blogs from thousands of blogs on the web and ranked by relevancy, authority, social media followers & freshness.


























watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























