


























treasurer-tax collector























important – please read
the 2024-2025 secured tax roll is available.
you may now search and pay for secured, unsecured, defaulted, supplemental and escape tax bills. click the “continue” button below to get started, and follow the prompts to search, select, and pay your bill. just remember, your transaction is not final until you click “submit” and receive a receipt that says “successful.”
* when searching for a current secured, defaulted, supplemental or escape bills, please search by either the parcel number or the current “mailing” address.
* when searching for an unsecured tax bill (for businesses, boats, or airplanes), please search by the 4-digit year and 6-digit bill number.
if you experience server errors when attempting to access the online payment system from a foreign country, the country you are located in may be blocked from access to the payment processing server.  please have your payment postmarked on or before the delinquent date and mail it in or pay by credit card on our phone payment system at (855) 829-3773
you may purchase duplicate tax bills for $1 at any tax collector’s office.  branch office locations accept checks, cashier’s checks and money orders. for updated branch hours and locations, please visit our locations page.


×




























home

tax collection


tax collection overview


secured property taxes

secured taxes overview
costly postmark mistakes
canceling penalties
payment plans
returned tax bills
bulk tax payment options
prior-year property taxes
lender - title company payments



cannabis tax administration


unclaimed money


supplemental property taxes


property tax auction


unsecured property taxes


forms


mobile home tax clearance


map tax clearance


transient occupancy taxes


pace program information



treasury


treasury overview


financial reports


treasury oversight committee


symposiums


wire access request portal


treasury forms


investment pool faqs



about ttc


ttc overview


news


awards


staff


audits


photo gallery


student worker opportunities


online security



contact us


contact ttc


locations


take our survey


browser compatibility 


website translations


county holidays




 













 
 






















2nd installment due feb. 1st

the second installment of your property tax bill was due february 1, 2025. pay by april 10th, 2025, to avoid penalties.
















annual online property tax auction

bidder registration feb. 18th to mar. 6th, 2025
sale begins mar. 14th and ends mar. 19th, 2025
























search, select & pay
it's the best way







1


search


search for your bill using parcel/bill number, mailing address or unsecured bill number.







2


select


view your bill and add the installment you'd like to pay to your cart.







3


pay


go to your cart, check out and pay your bill. paying by e-check is free, fast, and easy!









important – please read
the 2024-2025 secured tax roll is available.
you may now search and pay for secured, unsecured, defaulted, supplemental and escape tax bills. click the “continue” button below to get started, and follow the prompts to search, select, and pay your bill. just remember, your transaction is not final until you click “submit” and receive a receipt that says “successful.”
* when searching for a current secured, defaulted, supplemental or escape bills, please search by either the parcel number or the current “mailing” address.
* when searching for an unsecured tax bill (for businesses, boats, or airplanes), please search by the 4-digit year and 6-digit bill number.
if you experience server errors when attempting to access the online payment system from a foreign country, the country you are located in may be blocked from access to the payment processing server.  please have your payment postmarked on or before the delinquent date and mail it in or pay by credit card on our phone payment system at (855) 829-3773
you may purchase duplicate tax bills for $1 at any tax collector’s office.  branch office locations accept checks, cashier’s checks and money orders. for updated branch hours and locations, please visit our locations page.


×













watch: 
the benefits of paying with e-check







×













watch:
e-check vs. online banking payments







×












search unclaimed money list





each year, our office returns thousands of dollars in unclaimed money
  to its rightful owners. if you find your name on our list, follow the
  instructions below it to claim your money.

search
    list now



















home
tax collection
treasury
about ttc
contact us



tax collection questions: 1-877-829-4732 (operators do not
  accept payments) 
email - taxman@sdcounty.ca.gov
international: 1-619-236-2424
hearing impaired: 1-877-735-2929
pay by phone: 1-855-829-3773
mailing address:
dan mcallister treasurer-tax collector san diego county
  admin. center 1600 pacific hwy, room 162 san diego, ca 92101





avoid late charges
sign up for e-notifications











 deferred compensation 




























