



long island family law attorneys | friedman & friedman pllc



































long island divorce attorney

call today!
516.688.0088









 back
					

home

attorney profiles



sari m. friedman

andrea b. friedman

jennifer moran

laraib butt 

david m. rubenstein

crystal s. pannell

emily c. prudente



make a payment

divorce

family law



family law articles

child custody

child support

divorce

fathers' rights

grandparents' rights

modification of child custody

modification of child support

modification of visitation

orders of protection

postnuptial agreements

prenuptial agreements

same-sex marriage & divorce

separation agreements

visitation



our blog

testimonials

contact us




menu



			our offices are open for in-person consultations as well as phone and video consultations. please don’t hesitate to call us if you have any questions!
			








experienced
						family law attorneys


					what makes us different? friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law
						 is backed by several decades of experience. learn more about what sets us apart.
				


talk to an attorney









meet our team












sari m. friedman 
senior partner long island









andrea b. friedman 
partner









jennifer moran 
partner









lariab butt 
partner









crystal pannell
partner









david m. rubenstein
senior associate attorney









emily c. prudente
associate










learn more





























































































































long island family lawyers
family law attorneys serving nassau county, suffolk county, westchester
	 county & the five boroughs of nyc

	in the field of
	divorce and
	family law, compassion, experience, and dedication are valuable qualities that can
	 help you reach your legal goals. at friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys
	 at law, our long island family attorneys have all of these and more. for
	 more than three decades, we have served families in nassau county and
	 throughout long island facing matters such as
	divorce,
	visitation,
	child custody, and more.

why choose friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law?

	with more than
	90 years of combined experience and an in-depth knowledge of family laws in new york, our team at friedman
	 & friedman pllc, attorneys at law is one you can trust implicitly.
	 we would be honored to help you pursue the best possible resolution to
	 your divorce or other family law matter. when dealing with your case,
	 we will make it our goal to take every necessary effort to get you the
	 results you and your family deserves.


attorney andrea friedman is an up-and-coming family lawyer in the long island community, having
	 been named "one to watch" in 2014 and then named a queens "40
	 under 40" winner in 2017.
	sari friedman has practiced family law for more than 35 years and offers a long history
	 of success and experience to each of her client's cases. when you turn
	 to friedman & friedman, you will be met with a balance of aggressive
	 representation tempered by compassion.

our long island office is located in garden city, allowing us to provide
	 family law counsel in nassau county and beyond.

call today at
		(516) 688-0088 or fill out our
		simple contact form to set up your initial consultation with a family law attorney in long
		 island, ny.






don't want content here but need to close panel content step in cs8

don't want content here but need to close panel content step in cs8






what sets our long island family law attorneys apart?


family law matters are often sensitive and emotionally charged. our family lawyers on long
	 island are best-suited to handle issues in a delicate manner in order
	 to help protect your family, particularly children.

when you work with our firm, you will experience the value of working with
	 an attorney that will treat your case with the utmost care and attention.
	 we are committed to providing high quality, professional service at an
	 affordable cost.

	no matter the complexity of the
	divorce,
	child custody, or other
	family law matter that you and your family are currently enduring, our long island family
	 law firm has the capability to take on any family law case. from
	high net worth divorce to simple uncontested divorce cases, our seasoned long island family lawyers
	 have seen it all.

our family law firm on long island is dedicated to helping individuals
	 and families just like you. we understand that you will want to protect
	 your children during such an emotionally painful time, and it is our best
	 intention to help you do this.





divorce













our client testimonials





“she was able to answer all the questions i had, and kept me well informed and prepared for all of my court dates.”
arianna t. 



“all in all, she really turned a difficult situation into a reasonable one and let me get on with my life.”
former client 



“they are very experienced and know the answers to just about any question that i had. i would not hesitate to go back to them if i ever need additional help.”
patti 



“she handled every single thing that came our way and i thank her for taking my case.”
mercedes 



“i am confident that my daughter will have the same caring commitment from sari that i experienced so many years ago.”
elissa 







read more testimonials








				video testimonials
				
			






jean testimonial

jean speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, attorneys at law.







elissa testimonial

elissa speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, attorneys at law.







barbara testimonial

barbara speaks about her experiences with friedman & friedman, attorneys at law.














view more videos






evaluate your case with friedman & friedman pllc




			our long island family law attorneys near you are committed to helping
			fathers, mothers,
			grandparents and families as a whole in a variety of legal matters that may arise.
			 no matter what your legal matter involves, you deserve to have the best-possible
			 representation.
		
when you work with friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law, you
			 will undergo a case evaluation with our founder sari friedman personally,
			 and she will work with you on your case, possibly along with the assistance
			 of another qualified family lawyer on long island, ny. this one-on-one
			 attention allows for a personalized legal plan.



			our family lawyers proudly serve areas across new york, including
			long island,
			hempstead,
			levittown,
			manhattan, and
			garden city.
		













let us provide the compassionate care you deserve.





first name:



								please enter your first name.
							



last name:



								please enter your last name.
							



phone



								this isn't a valid phone number.
							



email:



								please enter your email address.
							

								this isn't a valid email address.
							



are you a new client?


are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.


								please make a selection.
							



message



									please enter a message.
								





send







				stay
				updated




sari m. friedman: celebrated leader in matrimonial and family law
aug 22
we are proud to share that sari m. friedman, founder of friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys at law, has been recognized in fortune's latest feature. ...
view more

how can i seek custody of my child if i am not a legal parent?
jun 02
divorce, same-sex or otherwise, is never an easy process. it often comes with a lot of legal and emotional complexities. same-sex divorce cases with ...
view more

what does “high asset” mean in relation to my divorce?
mar 29
if you are a new york couple going through a divorce, there is likely a lot on your mind. understanding the process of dividing resources and property ...
view more























home


contact us


site map


privacy policy







666 old country road
							
								suite 704,
							
						
garden city,
						ny 
11530
map & directions [+]




(516) 688-0088







120 bloomingdale road
							suite 307,
						
white plains,
						ny 
10605
map & directions [+]




(914) 873-4410










make a payment






				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

					© 2025 all rights reserved.
				





















