









the baby shower games you'll love to play | baby draw and more











































skip to content




baby shower charades
the baby shower game you'll love to play!







welcome
how to play
testimonials
where to buy
more baby products
press
about
contact
blog
 




welcome

welcome to our baby shower games site, where you will find baby charades and free baby shower games. if you have a little time to make your own games, this list of free game ideas includes our favorite and most popular baby shower games.
if you don’t have time to create your own shower games, baby charades comes packaged and ready-to-play. this pictionary-like baby shower game includes complete instructions, a one-minute timer and more than 100 playing cards (for big crowds or repeated use!)
see our baby shower game in action on youtube
it’s fun

a refreshing change from traditional shower games
makes a great icebreaker
terrific for couples showers too

it’s easy

all you need are pencil and paper
anyone who can draw stick figures can play
ready to play, right out of the box

our baby shower game has received some nice recognition over the years from national magazines baby talk and pregnancy, regional publications, local television and from tamara monosoff, entrepreneur, founder & ceo of mom invented. read reviews of our baby shower game on our press page.
don’t feel like drawing, want to know how to split up teams? check out these hints for other ways to play.
after the party, make a facebook photo book or an instagram photo book for the guest of honor.
 
 




visit us on facebook baby draw shower game
what our customers say… "this is a great product. we played it at my daughters baby shower a week ago. some 20 women of all ages and a few teens played the game. my sister modified the game so we were using moderately difficult cards (not too easy and not too hard). we plan to play the game again with men participating at a shower next week."
--phymeon, texas
"looking for something different? i was! i have been to several baby showers and wanted a different game at my own. this was a fun choice."
-- deann, idaho
"i loved the game and so did everyone else. a friend of mine is going to get one for herself. even the men had a good time. i borrowed a big easel from work and it made it so much more fun to draw on big paper. what a great game!"
-- diana, colorado
read more...



recent posts


easy baby shower games


baby shower hostess tips


party favors and prizes made easy


hints for playing baby shower charades


categories

party games

party planning








		wordpress theme: smartline by themezee.	







