















senske lawn & tree care | pest control services












































































 












skip to content



my account 
careers 
(877) 944-4007 
 




search for:



 



senske services

			lawn & tree care, pest control, and grounds mainenance		



(877) 944-4007





services100% satisfaction


service programs





















lawn care program

			senske lawn care services help keep your lawn greener and healthier
		  





 

pest control program

			senske pest control uses one of the most cost efficient and environmentally safe methods available.
		  







tree care program

			senske tree services nourish your trees and shrubs and protect them from pests and disease.
		  







mosquito control services

			senske mosquito spraying offers an effective solution for controlling mosquito populations in your yard. as an added benefit, it also helps prevent ticks.
		  






individual services

lawn care
pest control
tree service
maintenance services

see all residential services | see all business services


get a free estimate







holiday decor
just one of the many additional individual services we're proud to bring to our customers.





locationsfind locations near you



view all locations
find a senske near you


    colorado
    
denver east
denver west



    idaho
    
boise
coeur d'alene
idaho falls



    oregon
    
bend



    utah
    
ogden
provo
salt lake city



    washington
    
clarkston
kennewick
seattle
spokane
tacoma
yakima




learnyour questions answered

featured article


revive lawn treatment

		a lush, green lawn is the pride of any homeowner, but achieving and maintaining such a lawn can be a challenging task, especially in regions with water scarcity and drought conditions. you may have tried numerous lawn care treatments with varying degrees of success. however, there’s one revolutionary product that’s taking the lawn care industry […]		



 

read the senske blog



learn from our experts

lawn disease
tree & shrub disease
weeds
pest control



helpful answers
ask a pro



why senske?75+ years of experience


read our reviews

all reviews




about

why senske
senske history
our referral program
careers
tri-cities annual holiday light show



in the media

blog
news & media
mergers & aquisitions




buy nowinstant quote 



careersaccount loginbuy nowserviceslocationslearnabout senske

why senske?historyour referral programcareers
in the media

blognews & mediamergers & acquisitions







your lawn is our business
when you choose senske, you choose legacy, integrity, and community.
get your instant online quote




choose your service plan







most popular


 
lawn care program
comprehensive treatment








 
pest control program
full service year round








 
tree care program
year round protection









 
mosquito control services – senske mosquito spraying offers an effective solution for controlling mosquito populations in your yard. as an added benefit, it also helps prevent ticks.



 
holiday lighting & decor – another one of the many services we’re proud to bring our customer. learn how we can create a custom holiday light display to make your home sparkle for the season.



enjoy your yard again
senske makes sense

we’re regional lawn care, tree service and pest control experts serving your community for residential homes and commercial businesses in washington, idaho, utah and colorado. we want you to enjoy your landscape as much as we enjoy ours, and begin each task with the senske promise, “our work is complete when you’re happy!”
residential services
lawn care – enjoy a beautiful, green lawn and manicured landscape you can be proud of year-round at an affordable price.
pest control – keep pests where they belong — outside your home. with senske’s professional pest control business, your house is protected.
tree services – we offer professional tree services including tree trimming services, tree and stump removal, fertilization, insect and disease control, and other tree care.
commercial services
the best first impression your business can make is a well-kept property using our commercial grounds services.  businesses enjoy lawn care, weed and trash removal, tree trimming and shrub pruning, pest control, tree service, winter snow removal and event and holiday lighting.  keeping your grounds professionally kept and customers safe is our #1 priority.  senske is also a playground safety and maintenance company, keeping your community’s park and play areas safe for the joy of the children.
learn how our covid policy keeps you safe.



find senske near me










 
find locations near me





experience the senske difference
when you join us, you join family






manage your senske services

pay your bill
add additional services
update your information

enter client portal


join our family - work for senske!

solid career choice
competitive pay
flexible schedules

apply for a career


senske was founded on strong, ethical values back in 1947 and operates with those same values today. our values guide our day-to-day actions within the company and with our customers. we believe we offer the best products, services and programs in the professional lawn care, tree service and pest control industries.
when you invest in any of our services or programs, we work with you to make sure you have the best possible result. senske is founded on services that meet your satisfaction, or we do the job again. how can senske help you?






you have questions. we have answers.
our experts know their stuff


at senske, we invest in the very best experts so your landscaping gets the very best care. professionalism and knowledge is something you can always expect.
questions?  ask a pro








common lawn concerns








frequent pests








regular tree & shrub issues






year-round advice when you need it.
master your lawn with our seasonal articles



4 tips for getting your lawn ready for winter

		4 tips for getting your lawn ready for winter as much as i have lobbied against it, and started multiple online petitions, it seems like winter is finally sneaking up on us. while the world around us starts to bundle up and coffee stands started selling pumpkin spiced lattes, we can’t forget about our lawns. […]		



 

read the senske blog






current promos

share us with friends & family and you'll get $25




how can we help you?
let's get in touch




		a division of senske family of companies
	






1 (877) 944-4007
















senske services

lawn care
tree service
pest control
grounds maintenance
holiday lights

mergers & acquisitions


find a senske near you


	colorado
	
denver east
denver west



	idaho
	
boise
coeur d'alene
idaho falls



	oregon
	
bend



	utah
	
ogden
provo
salt lake city



	washington
	
clarkston
kennewick
seattle
spokane
tacoma
yakima







copyright 2022 senske, inc. all rights reserved





pest control label/sds | turf & ornamental sds
terms and conditions | site map
 | 

privacy policy













 



















