




phi inc. - specialty products for aesthetic solutions






































phi inc.specialty products for aesthetic solutionshome
about us

from the ceo’s desk
management team


products

meladine
zcaine
zcalm 4 oz.
zcalm 12 oz. backbar
training material

meladine training

providers manual
instructions – vellus
instructions – coarse


zline products brochure


testimonials

testimonials – meladine
testimonials – zcaine
testimonials – zcalm




services

private labeling


industry insider

phi in the news
helpful links


contact us





welcome to phi!with over 40 years of experience in aesthetic product development and pharmaceutical manufacturing, the phi, inc. team understands what aesthetic professionals and their patients are looking for… top quality products that meet their needs at a fair price.
established in 1999 in chesapeake, va, as a niche product company, phi’s employees pride themselves in operating with integrity, being intuitive and providing creative solutions to the aesthetic market.
read more
 

 
 





patientsphi has always developed our products with you, the patient, in mind. we formulate what we feel are … [read more...] 

doctors and med spaswe know how important it is to you, as a physician or med spa owner, to provide the best products to … [read more...] 

distributorsphi, inc., is headquartered in chesapeake, virginia, and partners with distributors in both the … [read more...] 





home
about us
doctors and med spas
distributors
patients
products
private labeling
contact us



specials phi, inc. offers money saving specials almost every month. whether it's free product with your purchase, free shipping offers or bold discounts, we are always looking for ways to save you money. please submit your name and email address below to receive our current specials and receive phi news and updates:



contact information phi, inc.
p.o. box 1466
chesapeake, va 23320
usa

phone: (757) 436-4774
or
(888) 635-2629
fax: (757) 549-2753

send us an e-mail



connect with phi 
 follow @ctiaesthetics




copyright © 2025 phi, inc. · website by pajamaweb















