





italian restaurant in virginia beach, virginia. fine dining & wine bar | aldo's ristorante










































skip to content

















  


search for:








menuseventsgiving backcontactjobsgift cardsreservations 










 





- fine italian dining -  
							


closed tuesday 
							sunday - thursday 4-9pm 
							a locals favorite
since 1988 
							view menus 
							friday - saturday 4-10pm 
							 


closed tuesday 
							


open for 
							menus click here
sunday-thursday 4-9pm 
							friday-saturday 4-10pm 
							indoor & outdoor dining 
							 





is back! 
							meatball 
monday 
							*dine in only* 
							monday 4pm-close 
							 


closed tuesday 
							


curbside & to-go 
							family style menu options 
							menus click here
sunday-thursday 4-9pm 
							friday-saturday 4-10pm 
							 


closed tuesday 
							


curbside cocktails 
							menus click here
sunday-thursday 4-9pm 
							friday-saturday 4-10pm 
							 





 




homebrandon@costadesigns.com2025-02-17t19:24:05+00:00 
upcoming events!
private dining room
our private dining room and world class service are perfect for business meetings, engagement parties, rehearsal dinners, bridal showers, and other special events. our dedicated events team brings a level or quality and service that only aldo’s can offer.
click here to inquire about booking.

our story…
aldo’s ristorante began in 1988 with a dream of creating a family friendly italian restaurant. it started with a wood-burning stove imported from italy, a clean dining concept with simple pizzas, pastas and salads. one week after hosting a menu tasting, we opened to the public with a line out the door. since then, we’ve developed into a fine-dining establishment that welcomes all ages. at aldo’s ristorante, you will find classic italian dishes with a modern twist. to complement our menu, aldo’s has an award-winning wine list. our in-house sommeliers have curated our wine selection to fit your needs. we offer seasonally inspired and locally sourced italian food, superb service, and excellent value!
 
prosolution pills: available now for over a decade, prosolution pills target not only to increase purchase cheap cialis find out more the length and girth of the male organ.
food & drinktestimonials & reviews

we’ve been going to aldo’s for nearly 10 years and the consistently top-notch food and service keep us coming back for more. and when my father-in-law, curt, was hit hard by his cancer that became very aggressive this year, the only place he wanted to go out to eat was aldo’s. so when he passed away recently, it was an easy and appropriate decision to hold curt’s celebration of life at aldo’s. thank you so much, chris, terry, rob, jim and the rest of the amazing staff and owners, for helping us celebrate a life well-lived. curt would’ve been proud.
joe e., google reviews
could not say enough positive things about aldo’s. the staff is super warm and welcoming, making you feel like you are part of the crowd. the food is very good and the bar is well stocked. get to know the waiters and bartenders, and your experience will be delightful. we held a celebration of life for my father in the private room after he died, and trusted the staff and their superior service to wow our 65 guests. it was memorable and we had no complaints. try it out!
michael a, yelp reviews
this is my special night go to restaurant for my wife and i. the food is always well prepared and served hot. the service is wonderful and very attentive. the manager always walks around and checks on your experience. this is italian food as it should be.
lee h., facebook
my experiences at aldo’s have always been perfect. the food is delicious, the servers are great, and the ambiance is superb. you can expect to walk in and get greeted right away and treated like you’re the only one there. i highly recommend this phenomenal restaurant.
angie z., facebook
instagram feed






happy monday! come in for dinner tonight and enjoy
 












something sweet for valentine’s weekend✨ we’






we are hiring a hostess! weekend availability is r






it’s meatball monday, so let us do the cooking f






we will be closed today for our staff holiday part






our lasagna is a crowd favorite for a reason 😍 






it’s meatball monday! 🍝 we have specials on m



 


load more...






 follow on instagram











 
 





 

 la promenade shopping center
1860 laskin road,
virginia beach, va 23454
phone: 757.491.1111
email: admin@aldosvb.com

 

 

 our hours:
open daily at 4pm.
closed on tuesday.
 
reservations recommended,
walk-ins always welcome.


get social







 
 

 

 

 our menus

 events

 giving back

 contact

 gift cards

 reservations

 

 

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2023  aldo's ristorante all rights reserved   |   website design by costadesigns.com 



 
 
 
 





close sliding bar area



aldo’s ristorante

la promenadeshopping center 1860 laskin roadvirginia beach, va23454
phone: 757.491.1111
email: admin@aldosvb.com
web: aldosvb.com

social contact







 








 
 
page load link








































































































go to top




