     pre-owned dealership in shillington pa | serving reading and wyomissing | john's great cars                                                                john's great cars        sales 610-603-9100    service 610-898-4321         1133 lancaster aveshillington , pa 19607                       service        map        contact                      john's great cars            call 610-603-9100   directions                       pre owned inventory   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   allstate certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer     deals under $10k   finance   finance department   finance application   payment calculator   kbb instant cash offer     service   service department   request an appointment   vehicle protection     about us   about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   privacy policy     our blog   español                    home   pre owned inventory   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   allstate certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer     deals under $10k   finance   finance department   finance application   payment calculator   kbb instant cash offer     service   service department   request an appointment   vehicle protection     about us   about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   privacy policy     our blog   español          











inventory




inventory
search

           vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all used    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
check out our finance and trade departments or schedule your next service.





service



schedule service














       search inventory        current specials        get pre-approved       




trade 




finance 




schedule test drive 





     


select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




                                                                                                             

 welcome to
 john's great cars
at john's great cars, we're a family-owned business dedicated to providing quality vehicles at competitive prices. we offer transparent pricing, free carfax reports, and value your time and information. our hand-picked inventory and thorough inspections reflect our commitment to quality. visit us for a family-like experience and full-service center. experience the difference at john's great cars, where you're not just a customer – you're family
more about us


     


sales hours 
    monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed    



service hours 
    monday 7:00am - 4:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 4:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 4:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 4:00pm    friday 7:00am - 4:00pm    saturday closed     sunday closed    


          

you'll find a great selection of vehicles at the best prices around when you visit john's great cars! we're proud to provide great deals for our friends in wyomissing, sinking spring, shillington, exeter, and throughout the reading, pa area.




john's great cars: providing honest, friendly service since 1991


from the courteous way we treat our customers to our transparent pricing, everything we do is done with your satisfaction as the top priority. we've established ourselves as a trusted source for vehicles for more than 30 years by putting our customers' needs above all else, and you'll see that in action when you visit us.

proud of our community involvement
using our success to give back to important causes is something we find to be incredibly rewarding. we're proud to support hope rescue mission, the oakbrook youth foundation, and many other organizations doing vital work in our area and beyond.



selling vehicles from leading brands


toyota
built to last through the years, choosing a toyota will give you a vehicle you can rely on for the road ahead in life. there's something for everybody in the toyota lineup, from efficient sedans like the toyota corolla to tough suvs like the toyota rav4.
honda
stay on the cutting-edge of what's new in the automotive world with the high-tech vehicles honda offers. innovative features for safety, entertainment, and more make vehicles like the honda civic and honda cr-v stand out from their competitors.
mazda
the sporty vehicles mazda has to offer will have you enjoying every drive to the fullest. the luxury and comfort of the mazda cx-5 and the thrilling performance of the mazda3 are just a couple highlights of what this brand has to offer.


jeep
jeep is a name that's synonymous with rugged adventuring, so these vehicles are perfect for thrill-seekers, outdoors enthusiasts, and everyone who likes to take the path less traveled. whether you're going for the pioneering jeep wrangler or you choose the comfort and luxury of the jeep grand cherokee, you can't go wrong with this brand.
subaru
built to handle the toughest roads and most unforgiving conditions, it's not hard to see why subaru vehicles are so popular in our area. models such as the subaru forester and subaru outback come equipped with symmetrical all-wheel drive to give you the extra traction and control you need to take on any challenge.



service and financing


highly experienced service team
bringing your vehicle in for a service department with us will give you access to quality auto care that will maintain your vehicle's condition for years to come. all of our mechanics have years of training and experience under their belt, with two of our senior team members working in the industry for more than 25 years.


budget-friendly financing
we believe that all of our customers deserve a vehicle they love at a price that doesn't put a financial burden on them. that's why our financing experts search high and low to find you the best rates around, then tailor the terms of your loan or lease to suit your financial situation.



                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | john's great cars | 1133 lancaster ave, shillington , pa 19607 | sales: 610-603-9100            

















           