



















home | student wellness




















skip to main content







 toggle navigation    



 gryphmail
 courselink
 directory for university of guelph
 library
 maps
 gryphlife
 webadvisor
 guelph weather





















search university of guelph



search
 


 academics at university of guelph 

undergraduate admissions
graduate studies
distance education
academic calendars

college of arts
college of biological science
college of engineering & physical sciences
college of social & applied human sciences
gordon s. lang school of business & economics
ontario agricultural college
ontario veterinary college

ridgetown campus
university of guelph-humber
open learning and educational support



about university of guelph 

about the university

arboretum

board of governors
senate
senior administration


international
president
research at university of guelph
 services at university of guelph 

athletics
bookstore
campus safety office
communications & public affairs
government relations & community engagement
computing & communications services
hospitality services
human resources
student affairs
student housing services

more services











 




 student wellness



toggle navigation





services accessibility
counselling
health services
health & performance centre
wellness education & promotion centre
sexual and gender-based violence support and education

about us about student wellness
newsroom
privacy policy
ncha survey results

get involved events
volunteer opportunities
other ways to get involved

resources
contact
privacy statement
 














slideshow banners
















previous item




          slide 1 of 5        




next item







 






 

















welcome to the university of guelph student wellness
the department of student wellness is comprised of 7 different units, all of which provide health and wellbeing support and services to students and to the campus community.


counselling


student health services


health & performance centre (hpc)


student support network (ssn) 


wellness education & promotion centre


student accessibility services (sas)


sexual and gender based violence support & education 




 
search form
search student wellnesssearchsearch






not sure where to start?
get your flu shot
urgent help
are you in crisis, feeling unsafe or worried you might hurt yourself or others?



 











      student wellness services    




student accessibility services
accessibility services provides a variety of resources and services to help those with disabilities.

prospective students
services & programs
exam support




counselling services
counselling services offers individual counselling sessions to help support students through personal challenges.

what to expect
book an appointment
drop-in counselling




health services
the campus health services clinic offers primary health care, including physicians, nurses, addictions counsellors and dietitians.

hours & book an appointment
flu shots, hpv & covid-19 vaccines
self-care resources






health & performance centre
our services include physiotherapy, sports medicine, chiropractic, registered dieticians, naturopathic medicine, massage therapy, pedorthists, and athletic therapy.

hours
meet the hpc team
student coverage




wellness education &
promotion centre
the centre offers health and wellbeing programming, resources, and student peer-to-peer support.

our philosophies
get involved with wepc
sign up for wellness programming




student support network
drop-in peer to peer counselling provided by extensively trained student volunteers who provide confidential, non-judgemental listening and support. 

hours
book a ssn session 






sexual and gender-based
violence support &
education
the sexual violence support and education coordinator provides sexual violence support and education for students on campus and relevant training and consultation for faculty and staff.

contact & survivor support
resources
training & education




external referrals to
student services
a licensed physician, nurse, psychologist, social worker or psychotherapist can refer a patient/client to student wellness services. 

external referral form




shine this year
services and supports to help you take care of your mental wellness that includes information about year-round programs, support groups, and trainings.

mental health and wellness trainings





 






 


      about us    


student wellness provides supports and services for mental health, physical health & accessibility services to undergraduate and graduate students at the university of guelph, as well as the campus community. 
the department is comprised of seven units: accessibility services, counselling services, health services, health & performance centre, sexual & gender-based violence education & support, student support network, and wellness education & promotion.
student wellness is part of the division of student affairs, at the university of guelph.


 

      contact us    

mental health, physical health and accessibility supports for u of g students
to book an appointment, call:
519-824-4120 ext. 52131
find us: 
vaccarino centre for student wellness located in the j.t. powell building, 168 reynolds walk, university of guelph
privacy statement: 
review the student wellness services privacy statement
are you in need of urgent help?
are you in crisis, feeling unsafe, or worried you might hurt yourself or others?
urgent help


 

      follow us    






 
      instagram - instagram    




 
      facebook - facebook    




 
      twitter - twitter    




 



        view this post on instagram            a post shared by student wellness @ u of g (@wellness_uofg)
 

 



      featured news    







sti testing day @ the uc – march 11, 2025 


stress management workshop 


eating disorder awareness week  


mental health resources for w25 





  more news
subscribe to featured news 
 





 



 

 












 



student wellness provides resources and services to help facilitate the development of the whole person by utilizing innovative strategies to promote the student’s optimal well-being and to achieve success in their academic careers.


 

      visit us    




 

      contact us    

student wellness
j.t. powell building
168 reynolds walk
university of guelph
50 stone road east
guelph, ontario n1g 2w1
health services, accessibility services, counselling services, sexual violence support
phone: 519-824-4120 ext. 52131
health and performance centre (hpc)
phone:  519-767-5011 (press 1 to reach reception) or ext. 53039 on campus.
wellness education & promotion centre (wepc) and student support network (ssn)
phone:  519-824-4120 ext. 53327
 









 
      instagram - instagram    




 
      facebook - facebook    




 
      twitter - twitter    




 

 


















 accessibility at university of guelph
 privacy  at university of guelph
 site map for university of guelph
© university of guelph







