








home | alexia robinson studio







































































 




alexia robinson studio











 








 menu


home
about
classes
audit
coaching
faq
wsp
press
connect
 






















charles melton
 
							
lead, "may december"  (gotham award winner -  best supporting performance, critics circle award - best supporting actor) 
							 


kelvin harrison jr.
 
							
lead, "genius: mlk/x", academy award nominated, “cyrano” lead,  screen actors guild award, lead “chevalier”  the lion king, gotham independent film award nominee, lead “monsters and men” and “luce” 
							 


olivia keegan 
							
lead “gotham knights, “high school musical” 
							 


annsleigh anderson 
							
lead, “dallas sting”  
							 


lisseth chavez 
							
lead cw "legends of tomorrow", "chicago pd", "the oa", "the fosters" 
							 


morgan lily 
							
lead "2012", "x-men: first class", "he's just not that into you", "henry poole is here", "flipped" 
							 


brielle barbusca 
							
series regular "the starter wife" guest appearances "scandal",  "shameless", "modern family", "the fosters"  
							 


shameik moore 
							
 critics choice award nominee, "dope" series regular, "the get down"  
							 


joshua bassett 
							
lead - high school musical: the musical: the series, grey's anatomy   
							 


taylor geare 
							
lead, "dream house", "i love you", lead,  "a wonderful way with dragons", "inception", "brothers", "new york" 
							 


jake elliott
 
							
lead "bukowski" guest appearances "love", "shameless", "night shift", "how i met your mother", "2 broke girls", "ray donovan" 
							 


farelle walker
 
							
cinerockom international film festival winner 'best actress'  
							 


paxton singleton

 
							
lead: spielberg’s “the haunting of hill house” 
							 


hunter payton



 
							
lead "who's driving doug," nbc's "a to z"  
							 


noëlle renée bercy 

 
							
marvel's 'cloak & dagger' 
							 


dana davis



 
							
lead "prom night," "raise your voice," "coach carter" series regular "heroes," "franklin & bash"  
							 


christopher bones 




 
							
young artist award "the curse of the un-kissable kid". other films: "reconciliation", "baby geniuses"  
							 


scott cullen





 
							
'still waiting in the wings', 'dumpwater divas,' and 'i love your moves'.   
							 


layla crawford




 
							
'true blood', 'ncis: los angeles', 'the first family' 
							 


















 



we’re an in person and online premiere acting school. 















free auditget a free audit at ars to visit a class and observe before joining. just bring something to take notes with.  






schedule now











acting classeslearn techniques, script & scene analysis, how to rehearse, and scene analysis from using actual film, tv and play material. 






learn more











private coachingvirtual classes are fun, short and effective video tutorials taught by elite experts for all ages and skill levels. 






learn more



















 



our values 






 




							what we believe						









we believe actors are unique, courageous and powerful beyond measure. 









 




							our goal						









to foster a liberating experience, inspiring actors to tap into their own brilliance.










 


















 










alexia and our experts have been 



featured in 




 







 








free

audit
















schedule now















try our class before joining 





free

audit








schedule now























if you can imagine it... it can happen...  



© copyright 2000 - 2024 alexia robinson studio. all rights reserved
 



privacy policy  | terms of service 














start typing and press enter to search





 



view more









shopping cart


no products in the cart.





 












































