






council on rural services |







































home
board members
careers
contact us
 

















 
 
 
 













 

 
 
with a vision to inspire
the most potential in people, our programs prepare young children for school and our youth to seek a higher sense of achievement.
 


 

 
 
it is our belief
that every person, regardless of age or circumstance, adds to the success of the community through their contributions.
 


 

 
 
in the past year,
over 3,000 young children, youth and families were impacted by the programs of the council on rural services. it is with a positive spirit that we join others in meeting our communities' challenges in making a better place for all of us to live.
 







previous

pause

next


















welcome to the
council on rural services
we are a private, not-for-profit organization that embodies a 
							 commitment to increasing the life chances of people of all ages. 
							 it is our intention to use innovative learning programs to open 
							 the possibilities that exist in all of us to live an enriched 
							 life of purpose. the programs support our belief that the vitality 
							 and creativity of the learning experiences are the essential 
							 elements in achieving success.



 

 
annual report




this website is supported by grant number 05ch012951 from the office of head start within the administration for children and families, a division of the u.s. department of health and human services. neither the administration for children and families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of council on rural services programs, inc. and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration for children and families and the office of head start.

 














© 2025 council on rural services - site by council on rural services







main menu
homeboard memberscareerscontact uscouncil on rural servicesearly childhoodyouth developmentdonateapply for head start 





log in

homeboard memberscareerscontact uscouncil on rural servicesearly childhoodyouth developmentdonateapply for head start































