















facilities management home













      skip to main content
    


















main menu




about fm


our team


our units


mission, vision, values


strategic priorities


faqs


recognition


news


working for fm




services


capital projects


fleet services


housekeeping services


logistical services


recycling & waste management


photography services


renovation projects


signs & graphics


snow command center


request service


special services


terrapin trader


warehouse




projects & programs


arboretum and botanical garden


campus facilities plan


current construction map


nextgen energy program


shift


student facilities fund


sustainability




info & resources


ada transition plan


building inventory


design criteria/facilities standards


facility quick facts


glossary of abbreviations & acronyms


om&u facility managers


on-call general contractor specs


service impacts


space use change form


umd office standards




fm staff connect


appreciation & recognition


calendar


fm human resources


life@fm


tools & resources
















at your service
our mission is to create and care for the physical environment that enables university of maryland students, faculty, and staff to achieve excellence.

          request service
      
















garden chapel gets a new floor
the garden chapel, an intimate space on the west end of memorial chapel, is sporting a new floor thanks to efforts by multiple fm teams. fm began removing the old flooring on jan. 2 and completed the transformation by jan. 30.

view the photo gallery.











how can we help you?

routine or emergency service request
begin a project request
utility outages & construction alerts
report mold or air quality concerns
other fm services
quick guide to fm services

for urgent needs, call 301-405-2222.
 














          report a mold or air quality concern
      








"i want to express my gratitude for the efforts you put in for the unveiling of both field hockey and women's lacrosse. the student-athletes and staff were beyond excited when they toured the facility. thank you!"


joshua kaplan
associate athletics director, intercollegiate athletics




















current construction projects












previous slide


1
					of
					3


next slide










barry p. gossett basketball performance center
total budget: $52m
construction start: june 2023
substantial completion: june 2025









cole head house and cultural center renovation
total budget: $22m
construction start: january 2024
substantial completion: may 2025









stanley r. zupnik hall
total budget: $214.4m
construction start: january 2023
substantial completion: january 2026
*lot ee now part of lod












          view more projects on the construction project map
      




















 

456
buildings




 

87
miles of sidewalks




 

5,160
acres of land





view previous stat



view next stat





















more news and features
















fm's gis team reshapes navigation
thanks to fm’s enterprise gis team, the umd campus map is more than just a set of directions—it's a powerful tool that integrates data from multiple sources to transform how the university operates.


          find out how gis is revolutionizing campus navigation.
      









nextgen energy program 
the nextgen energy program (nextgen) plays a critical role in ensuring that the university of maryland can depend on a sustainable energy system for decades to come. nextgen puts umd on a pathway to achieve the goal of a fossil fuel-free energy system by 2035 and increases efficiency and sustainability.


          the nextgen energy program.
      









maintenance & repairs
maintenance service requests may include complex issues such as leaking pipes and toilet backups, or something as simple as a damaged or dirty ceiling tile. to make a service request, complete the online form, call fm’s customer response center at 301-405-2222, or email fmcrc@umd.edu.

          make a service request.
      






















popular links












help & supportrequest servicequick guide to fm servicesreport mold or air quality concernscampus mapumd directory


useful linksbuilding inventory/floor plansfm organizational chartwork for fmon-call general contractor specssubscribe to our newsletter


related sitesenvironmental safety, sustainability & risk homeumd residential facilities homeumd arboretum homepublic safety (umd police)division of administration home














about fm


services


projects & programs


info & resources


fm staff connect








facilities management
7401 baltimore ave., 4th floor, college park, md 20740
301-405-2222
 · 
fmcrc@umd.edu












umd.edu


web accessibility


privacy notice





back to top

















