









home - the world memory championships












































































wmsc home
about sport
news
arbiters
results and statistics
certificates and badges










 








 






 











				new world memory champion! 			

				enkhjargal uuriintsolmon  			

				junior  competitor    14  years  old			

				from mongolia			


 









 




the 33rd world memory championships 2024 








 
photos











 
results













 







latest news 








welcome to our new president  



professor marek kasperski is the new wmsc president​professor marek kasperski will assume the presidency of the world mind sports council, ably assisted by the new vice president, nicolas lisiak. professor marek kasperski will bring new ideas to the reinvigorated world mind sports council. an announcement will be made shortly,in light of our new strengthening and diversification of roles, i shall assume the post of founding life president emeritus, leaving day-to-day operations in the most capable and innovative hands of professor marek kasperski and his team.“great is the opinion of the people of you, great is the commendation of your liberality, and great will be the memory of your presidency. 






click here for more









 










 




current world rankings and official announcement 






 




the new president of the guild of mind sports arbiters is david zhang. click here for more information 









 



celebrating 33 years of excellence, the world memory championships, co-founded by tony buzan and raymond keene obe, stand as a testament to human cognitive achievement. from pioneering the art of mind mapping, to hosting prestigious global memory, speed reading and mind mapping championships. 






 




affiliate of the guild of mind sports arbiters (gomsa) an independent, trusted network of qualified arbiters for mind sports. as an association, gomsa works with the world governing bodies of various mental sports to ensure standards are maintained in national and world events. 








memory championships 









 






indian memory championship 2024 







 
details














 





vietnam national open memory championships 2024 






click here for more










 




the 32nd world memory championships
 






wmc32 full results table













 







 



 










2023 macau memory championships







6th malaysia memory championships 



									congratulations to all the competitors and organisers of the 6th malaysia memory championships. the full results have now been published,

								














 




hong kong open memory championships 2024 







 
register here










 




asia pacific memory championships 






view the results














 




asia pacific memory open championships-2023 





 








china memory championships in 2022 



 











 the 2022 korea memory championship was held in seoul on november 20, 2022




create the history of malaysia memory championships ~ first junior won the malaysia overall champion.




the winner of mongolian memory championships- 2022 has been announced




news of the 2024 vietnam memory championships












hong kong memory championships (hkmc) 2022




indian memory championship 2022




final result of 30th world memory championships




closing ceremony of the 30th world memory championships finals











 









official facebook page




memory twitter group




latest memory blogs




privacy policy




contact














facebook 




twitter




blogs




privacy policy




contact














company informationcontact
terms and condtionscode of ethics
privacy policy
terms of service
looking for something…

search for:



 






facebook




x


© 2024 the world memory championships. all rights reserved 

this website is run by the world memory sports council the governing body for the mind sport of memory worldwide on behalf of the world memory championships international ltd. 






























