

























home | bringing media to the web | 20/20 software


























stamford, connecticut, 06902 usa
                    +1 203-316-5500
























toggle navigation   






products

products overview
web software and services
damless dams™
image expert™
document expert™


web
footage
damless dams
about
contact









      media asset management images - illustrations - footage - audio - documents  a variety of features, for a variety of needs.  create searchable content on the web.  full suite of media licensing capabilities and functions for your website.   highly customizable media portals and marketing hubs.  + and much more    responsive designwe design websites that use the latest technology in "web responsive design".   










 latest news 
 featured websites of the month 

huntley archives


dvarchive














 latest news 
  new footage tools 
20/20 software offers even more tools for working with footage.












 latest news 
  20/20 software introduces damless dams 
get the benefit of dam software without the hassle and expense.







     


what we do  media management scalable platform for multi-media processing, publishing, and cloud storage. our saas solution is state of the art.  media licensing license your media, including rights tracking, client accounts, royalties, and reports.  media portals use our damless dams™ to organize and display all your marketing materials to internal and external users.who we work with  stock agencies stock media agencies use 20/20 software for ecommerce websites, with high-end business management.  newspapers newspapers use 20/20 software for media sales including a custom print shop.  institutions & corporations museums, galleries, universities, and corporations use 20/20 software for media portals, marketing hubs, and ecommerce websites.          get to know 20/20 software20/20 software offers an integrated system for administration, publishing, and website (or media portals) display. the total damless dams™ combines a full-service design and development program. we can provide complete bespoke design and branding for our websites and web portals, and have won design-competition awards on our sites. we can also produce low-cost "template-based" sites, especially useful for company or institutional intranets where highly customized design is not necessarily a key component. digital asset managementworkflow automationimage and video publishingpowerfull search engine     about20/20 software offers an integrated system for administration, publishing, and website (or media portal) display. learn more   follow us  contact us2001 w main street, suite 270, stamford, ct 06902 u.s.a.+1 203 316-5500 links                           © 2025 - 20/20 software, inc.. | privacy policy  

























