brightsight: your cybersecurity evaluation lab and cbskip to searchskip to main contentbrs.sales@sgs.com+31(0)15 269 2500



aboutschemes recognitionscommon criteriapciemvcosesipgsmanesassgs cybersecurity markisa/iec 62443morelocationseventsnewscareersvacanciesinternational recruitmentcontactindustriesautomotiveiotspacemedtechenergyindustrialicsoft ippaymentsoftware-based security (sbs)payment terminalspayment cardstelecommunication and networkgovernment idsecurity servicessite security evaluationssecurity training and workshopspre-evaluationcertification body





the leading cybersecurity laboratory for connected products
get your products ready and in compliance with the latest security regulations and requirements
explore our services


brightsight expands iot services with sesip certification body​october 31, 2024
brightsight expands its cybersecurity solutions with enac accreditation under iso 17065 as a certification body accredited to issue sesip certificates. 

learn more


addressing your challenges

smooth and efficient journey
we don’t just tick boxes. we take you on a full journey to help you understand what the best options are for you.we are accredited by 50 leading organizations and schemes. we own a lot of intellect on certification or approval that can help you in your journey. offering you complete one-stop-shop services. we offer pre-evaluation services as preparation for evaluation, are a cybersecurity lab to validate compliance and a cerfication body to certify your product.you can count on our reliability and predictability.

customer-centric
we balance the right level of security with time to market by offering a transparent planning.you can count on a flexible evaluation approach, where possible.offering local presence for smooth and clear communication, as well as and compliance with local schemes.ensuring quality in your evaluation through thorough review reportingreusing intelligence from past projects to speed up time-to-market
our services

security evaluations
get your product tested in the development stage already to avoid any security issues in your final product

site security evaluations
brightsight can perform site security evaluations as a part of or independent of product evaluations

training and workshops
our courses are adapted to meet your specific needs and interests at the required level.


pre-evaluations
brightsight offers pre-evaluations on products, but also on supporting documentation and sites. 
why brightsight?
at brightsight, we build trust in today’s hyperconnected world. our ambition is to work towards a trusted and more secure future while having a meaningful impact in the cybersecurity sector. we provide comprehensive support throughout the entire certification journey, from design to market deployment. by understanding the regulatory landscape, you can leverage our existing certifications to minimize redundant testing and combine evaluations across multiple schemes to save time.brightsight, by sgs, is your trusted cybersecurity lab for connected products. with over 40 years of expertise in it security evaluations and certifications, brightsight has expanded from a single lab in the netherlands into a global network. today, we operate in europe and asia through locations in madrid, barcelona, meyreuil, graz, beijing, shanghai, and singapore, while gossamer serves our north american customers from offices in columbia, md, and clackamas, or.
our schemes recognitions
as a laboratory recognised by more than 50 international schemes, brightsight offers efficient security evaluations by reusing results or combining evaluations, where possible.
schemes recognitions
















































what customers and partners say about us

"the project has been successful and matches our expectations. the communication with the project manager was perfect, we received weekly reports. the senior security evaluator has a high level of technical expertise. in overall the project execution was effective, based upon established best practices, processes, project updates and tools."
technical support from department of innovative technologies, datecs ltd.stefan mitov

“the sgs brightsight common criteria course helped me understanding certification requirements, especially for the nscib alternate approach. the training content is well structured and there is enough time provided for q&a. the trainers provided me with in depth knowledge on the subject, and now i can help our development team to decide what is required and what is not. i would definitely recommend this training to my colleagues and business partners.”
product security certification expert, infineon technologieskalaiselvam suruddaiyan

"sgs brightsight and hed have already been working together for 10 years, as sgs brightsight's evaluation methodology seamlessly matches hed's product development phase. this is possible because of the deep understanding of chinese business, culture, and language of sgs brightsight. sgs brightsight's service and time-to-certificate mentalities are critical to our business."
ceo of cec, huada electronics design co, ltd. chang feng

my colleague told me that if we wanted to get this certification fast, there was only one company that could do it, and advised me to talk to sgs brightsight. he was right.“
vp, check point software technologiesgera dorfman

the sgs brightsight’s team’s approach, knowledge, and attention to detail played a big part in making this a successful endeavor. this certification provides recognition and third-party technical validation, which will facilitate widespread adoption and deployment of our products globally.”
co-founder and ceo, magiccubesam shawki

"thanks to our trusted partner sgs brightsight’s expertise and hard work in completing the highest standards of security evaluation in such a quick period.”
vp, pax technologyalex dong






listen to bright insight podcast
events


embedded world conference​11-13 march 2025​nuremberg, germany

meet us at the booth: stand 4-545 and get your popcorn and a good conversation about cybersecurity. ask us for a voucher to visit us for free! email: brs.sales@sgs.com. 
learn more

cyberacts conference​25-27 march 2025​brussels, belgium
we are participating in a panel discussing 'what should be the role of basic assurance and self-assessment in the csa/cra world'. we have discounted delegate passes available as well. let us know if you would like to join! email brs.sales@sgs.com.
learn more
building digital trust
get your products evaluated
security reports to demonstrate compliance and readiness 3rd-party security evaluations for risk managementevidence of security capabilities as a market differentiator
work with brightsight
expertise from 50+ scheme accreditations and 700+ security projects annually40+ years of experience in security evaluations170+ security evaluators and 55+ setups


about
scheme recognitionlocationscareerseventsnewscontact
industries 
security services 
site security evaluationssecurity training and workshoppre-evaluation
certification body (new!)
headquarter
brassersplein 22612 ct delftthe netherlands+31 (0) 15 269 2500brs.sales@sgs.com

© sgs société générale de surveillance sa. (2024)privacy | disclaimer | cookie policy | careers | faq | contact us
cookie preferences

