visalia times-delta - tulare county news, entertainment and sportsnews sports tulare entertainment life advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  your input needed for tulare county 'taco trail'daylight saving time: when does it start, and is it going away?are banks, post offices, ups and fedex open on presidents day?red lobster's lobsterfest is back: here's what to know the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        california lottery powerball, daily 3 midday winning… are banks, post offices, ups open on presidents day in… multiple earthquakes strike southern california in one… california gas prices rose from last week: see how much…  california lottery mega millions, daily 3 midday winning… your input needed for tulare county 'taco trail'  daylight saving time: when does it start, and is it going away?  presidents day 2025: here's what is open and closed more in news vote for the 2025 tulare county boys basketball player of the year  vote for the 2025 tulare county girls basketball player of the year  roundup: cvc, tulare union boys basketball win league titles more in sports 6 california dogs will compete in puppy bowl xxi today: what to know  grammy awards: beyoncé finally wins album of the year  every star who performed at fireaid benefit concert more in entertainment a path to spiritual solitude amid soul-shattering destruction in la nicky loomis  opinion: league of women voters hosting two election forums donna mekeel  meet your candidates: league to host visalia city council forum donna mekeel more in opinion presidents day 2025 food deals: get specials on pizza, tacos and games  yes, 'white lotus' creator mike white was on 'survivor.' we look back.  powerball winning numbers for feb. 15 drawing: $172 million jackpot more in trending it's race day! how to watch the daytona 500 nascar race  ditch the peach fuzz: get 25% off dermaflash dermaplaning tools  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only more in shoppingenter today       enter today       contests       more in contestspresidents day 2025: here's what is open and closed vote for the 2025 tulare county boys basketball player of the year vote for the 2025 tulare county girls basketball player of the year girl scout cookie season is in full swing. here's what you should know how trump’s drastic education plans will change california schoolsabout us staff directory careers accessibility support sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds education shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.visaliatimesdelta.com. all rights reserved.