ï»¿



fashion photography music video production art studio in los angeles











































































home


photography


fashion photography


advertising photography


beauty photography


editorial photography


commercial photography


celebrity photography


catalog photography


music photography


modeling photography




videos


fashion videos


music videos




branding


photography workshops


gallery


shaun alexander


blog

contact

about













guess by marciano ad campaign done by zoom on me studios.
advertising photography campaigns designed to your company needs.
video advertising by los angeles production studios zoomonme
magazine covers - editorial photography services los angeles and new york
video production company in los angeles, california
editorial photography for magazines, fashion designers and industry.
fashion editorial in los angeles.
photography studio in los angeles and new york.
private and group photography workshops los angeles
modeling portfolios created by photography studios in los angeles
music photography and album covers photographed by professional music photographers in los angeles
fine art photography services
fashion photography by top fashion photographers shaun alexander
top fashion photography studio in los angeles and new york
editorial photography by fashion photographers in los angeles
los angeles and new york editorial photographers
look books and catalogs photography services in los angeles and new york for fashion designers and companies.
fashion and editorial photographers in los angeles and new york
modeling portfolios photography services for models and modeling agencies
professional photographers in lso angeles and new york.
fashion photography workshops in los angeles and new york
fashion photography workshops los angeles
fashion videos and advertising video services in los angeles, ca
video production company la





professional fashion photography - music video production and art studio in los angeles - zoomonme studios

offering best fashion photography, artistic modeling portfolios, album covers, music videos and fine art photography in los angeles, founded and operated by leading fashion photographer - shaun alexander

fashion photography workshops in los angeles by top fashion photographer shaun alexander, take advantage of one on one private lessons and workshops tailored for each photography student. learn how to shoot fashion models, modeling portfolios or even fashion catalogs. learn the best lighting techniques and all that is needed to become a much more creative photographer.


modeling portfolios -these photography workshops are a perfect opportunity for models, make up artists, hair stylists or even fashion stylists to update their portfolios.
professional photographers travel far to attend shaun's workshops. last month shaun hosted a professional photographer from australia that was seeking for ways to improve his photography portfolio. we created highly styled fashion layouts and magazine cover style beauty shots, and models in fashion wear and swimwear.


the wedding photography workshop included a model with a european wedding gown on location in order to create a contemporary and stylish portfolio in 5 days both on location and studio. we traveled to places like malibu beach, and el matador  beach and local lakes and parks as well as my fully equipped fashion photography studio.


fashion advertising photography can be a lucrative business in los angeles or anywhere in the world. photographers like shaun alexander has been photographing fashion, editorial, advertising campaigns,celebrities and designers fashions for decades. shaun alexander can be found on the preferred list of many fashion advertising agencies in los angeles , new york and the european fashion scene. 


his unprecedented and extensive fashion advertising portfolio is a great testament to his decades of success  in the fashion and advertising world. especially with having worked for clients such as guess, dior, bebe, vogue, elle, gq, and many more. shaun was recently asked to by leica and nikon to test their latest digital cameras and by coming from a film background, he has the experience that many advertising agencies or even hollywood celebrity seek when it comes to finding the best fashion photographer in los angeles or even new york. shaun is also trained as a professional makeup artist and he recognizes and selects the best make-up and hair stylists when he works in los angeles or new york. 


most fashion photographers can easily cross over to celebrity photography, since the basic principles of great photography is the same. simplicity and style is what shaun is known for and that's why shaun was called to shoot macy gray's latest video as a director of photography this past month. shaun's training as a fine artist and fashion photographer, combined with his unique eye for style and fashion have made him one of the most popular fashion and celebrity photographer in los angeles and hollywood and new york city
his lookbook and catalog photography for clients like zensei clothing, or la chatuise and azada  by tata hagiag are just a few in the past recent months besides shooting music videos for several known and up and coming singers and recording artists.


when it comes to fashion editorials in los angeles shaun alexander is the name that pops up in almost all search engines as a top fashion photographer in the world with never ending creativity that inspires many magazines, blogs, fashion designers, clothing companies and fashion critiques.


working with the best fashion stylists and fashion designers in los angeles and nyc shaun's preferred designers for women's and men's clothing are dolce & gabana, dior, roberto cavalli, coco chanel, ralph lauren, versace, luise vuton, givenchy, armani and a few more


headshots in los angeles - modeling portfolios and testing models for their portfolio is a great way to work with some of the best fashion agencies. he also hires fashion models when he is working in los angeles and new york from agencies like ford model management,  elite, mc2 model management, next models management, la models, mgm, and a many more. actors always need head shots and headshot photography in los angeles is the oldest business in hollywood. professional photographer shaun alexander has a unique charm and personality that can help everyone feel at ease and comfortable, and that can be a very important factor for any celebrity or a new actor or a model trying to get in front of an experienced photographer like shaun alexander


many of his advertising agency clients are based in new york city.but shaun works both in los angeles and new york when those clients call for a top fashion photographer that gets the job done without second guessing and confidence he is one of many ad agency clients favorite photographer


helmut newton, patrick demarchelier, herb ritts were icons and shaun idol still to this day. photographing advertising in new york is a glamorous title but finding your own images in madison square garden billboards is even more gratifying

fashion photography los angeles | advertising photography | fashion blogs | photographers blog | photography agency










photography workshops 101
shaun alexander photography workshops 
la fashion photographer
vogue fashion photographer
fashion photographer los angeles, ny and london
fashion photography blog 
zoomonme photo gallery



fashion photography blog by fashion photographer shaun alexander

fashion photographers blog
la fashion photographer blog






























           
            â© copyright 2013 by shaun alexander photography.
    
        








