



coil winding specialist, inc.
























home
log in


 















 
----
 february 16th 2025 ----





 

 www.ccr.gov 
cage code: 5dme2  
itar registration code: m28889



call: 1 (800) 377-3244 
 
 monday to friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. (pacific time)

 e-mail questions and requirements to:

sales@coilws.com
 
 *please note: 
items without price are listed for cws' capability purposes.

























 
news articles 
products 
custom products 
cross reference 
design consulting 
application notes 
gsa 
prism lighting 
about us 










 








 product search 
 please use browser search tool on listings



















search
advanced search



categories

→
products→
custom products→
cross reference→
design consulting
application notes
gsa→
prism lighting
about us




information


shipping & returns
privacy notice
conditions of use
contact us
site map























gsa contract number #gs-07f-105ga

please click here to access cws capability statement.  




single and 3-phase 50/60 hz, dry and oil-filled transformers.  distribution transformers are high power or high kva (up to 1000 kva or 1mva) 

find out more information regarding single and 3-phase 50/60 hz, dry and oil-filled transformers by clicking on the red text lines above or the transformer image on the right, it will take you to the link of many types of these transformers that we design and manufacture. 










custom winding and custom design: 
the only source you'll ever need for any winding jobs and custom designs of power transformers, inductors, chokes and magnetic & electromagnetic coils. surface mount, self-supported, and through hole. rohs compliant and lead free 







transformer and power magnetic off-the-shelf standard products:
common mode chokes (ferrite and nanocrystalline), inductors, transformers (current transformers, smps transformers, lan and digital telecom transformers, pi transformers), air coils, solenoid coils, antenna coils, transformers based on power integration designs.
 high current differential mode chokes, iron powder line filter chokes, output inductor using mpp, sendust, koolmu and balun cores. 50/60 hz current transformers using amorphous, permalloy and nanocrystalline cores, toroidal transformers and choke, pot core transformers. 
all products are rohs compliant and pb free. 










surface mount products:
surface mount inductors, surface mount chokes, surface mount transformers, surface mount rf inductors,chip inductors. all smt parts are rohs compliant and pb free 








emi / rfi filters:

 common mode chokes, high current differential chokes, super high current e-core iron powder, through hole cm chokes, toroidal choke iron powder, high current rod chokes. 










antenna coil: 
antenna windings on ferrite rod, antenna winding on phenolic. any antenna coil designs.









gsa:
this category of products are reserved for the qualified government entities only under the contract with gsa (general service administration). also consists prism lights.








hvac products:
energy saving controllers.  under development and construction. for detailed information, application notes, installation manuals and wifi server login, please visit wifiacc.com for adaptive climate controllers and clicksav.com for remote devices.





















home











disclaimer: 

 coil winding specialist, inc., its affiliates, agents, and employees acting on behalf of coil winding specialist, inc. (collectively, cws) disclaim any and all liability for any errors, inaccuracies or incompleteness contained herein or in any other disclosure relating to any product. 

cws reserves the right at any time and from time to time to make changes to design, technical specification, or construction of any product listed on this website without notice. cws also reserves the right to discontinue or limit sale of any product or service available throughout this website on temporary or permanently basis without notice. 

cws highly recommends customers not to use its products offered on this website for inappropriate use and applications. products should be tested for its suitability by prospective customers in all possible applications and conditions. customers using or selling cws products for use in other than recommended applications do so entirely at their own risk and agree to fully indemnify cws from any damages arising or resulting from such use or sale.warning: this product can expose you to chemicals which is [are] known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information go towww.p65warnings.ca.gov.





 

any comments, suggestions or questions? contact us! 
email: sales@coilws.com

cws 
353 west grove ave. orange, california 92865
 
call us toll free: 1-800-679-3184 or 1 (800) 377-3244 
tel: (714) 279-9010, 
fax: (714) 279-9482
copyright 2008, coil winding specialist, inc
 
updated july, 2013
cage code: 5dme2(registered with www.ccr.gov)










