



















philadelphia catering company | custom & affordable corporate catering










































skip to main content





 



new planet friendly menu. view now.


















services
menus
about

team
green initiatives
planet friendly methodology
faqs
careers


chef’s corner
safety
contact
contact us
 

















 



 







check it out!!
pcc has a new planet friendly menu
go to pcc's planet friendly menu




affordable custom catering for your business
2019 south 26th street, philadelphia, pa 19145 | 215.468.0518 | fax: 215.468.0818 | info@philadelphiacatering.com







at philadelphia catering, we take the hands-on approach
since 1987, we’ve provided dependable service and affordable business catering to corporate clients across philadelphia.
at philadelphia catering company, we understand the importance of time and need for quality in the business world, which is why we’re always looking for ways to provide the best value to our professional partners.
whether you’re planning an event for 10 or 1000, we can ensure your guests a variety of delicious options—on time and free of hassle.







menus





what’s new!
																											mardi gras								


what’s new!
																											saint patrick's day 								








																		planet friendly foods								


																											breakfast and brunch								


																											boxed and bagged lunches								


																											lunch buffets								


																											sandwiches								


																											salads and side dishes								


																											hot lunches								


																											snacks and afternoon breaks								


																											desserts and beverages								


																											receptions								


																											soup menu								


																											bbq menu								





nutrition facts
hot breakfasts
cold breakfasts
breakfast add-ons
cold sandwiches
executive sandwiches 
soups
salads
hot lunches
desserts, snacks & breaks
parties & hors d'oeuvres
planet friendly menu
boxed lunches
bagged lunches
mini gourmet sandwiches
mini deli sandwiches
panini sandwiches



we accept visa, mastercard and american express | questions? visit our faq or contact us.

   











help reduce the climate impact simply by making smart food choices that have a low carbon footprint.

see the menu. review our methodology. 









our services include delivery, setup and pickup. we provide everything from box lunches to holiday party catering to offices across center city and university city.
we’re proud to be an approved caterer of drexel university and the university of pennsylvania.



philly’s trusted caterer
at philadelphia catering company, located minutes from university city and center city, we specialize in providing diverse business catering that meets a wide range of needs.
our ability to listen closely to our clients and offer innovative yet flexible offerings has distinguished us as one of philadelphia’s top corporate caterers. over the years, we have remained focused on the purpose behind every corporate event.
 everyone from our delivery team to our sales staff understands that every person-to-person encounter has the potential to inspire a long-lasting relationship. we want to be the people you can call by name and rely on for your important events—whether they take place at the office or off-site location.
 from one business professional to another, we care about helping you create experiences that make you look good and provide meaning. regardless of the size or type of corporate event, we’re here to take care of you and all your guests.
find out more


award winning











philadelphia corporate catering services

business meetings
office lunch catering
training sessions
conferences
corporate parties
medical symposiums


university graduations
barbecues
banquets
educational seminars
office holiday parties
philadelphia meal delivery


have an event to plan?
megan, christian or zuri will be happy to assist you with all the details and make your event a complete success!
contact our planning experts today at 215.468.0518 or info@philadelphiacatering.com. 









i use philadelphia catering company all the time for our departmental events. they are amazing. the service is impeccable, and they are literally the most reliable vendor i’ve ever worked with. they make my life so much easier, and i’m forever grateful to them!

						allison												via google



whenever i work with them, i know that everything is going to be done to perfection. their prices are reasonable, their food is delicious, and their employees are so courteous and efficient. definitely my go-to vendor!

						lauren k.												via yelp



i use philadelphia catering for all the corporate events that i host. everyone is so friendly and timely. the drivers do a wonderful job with setting everything up, and the food is always fresh and delicious. i know i can count on them to take my event to the next level and make me look good.

						michael												via google















 








learn about our green initiatives








thanksgiving menu in full effect today for @penngs
 





shout out to tyrone who is celebrating his 2 year 






whether your event is for 30 people or 300, we’v


 





hot buffet luncheon today complete with 3 entrees,


 





friday night reception in full effect for @penneng


 


 







fresh food
prompt delivery
fast, courteous set-up
contact us












2019 south 26th street, philadelphia, pa 19145 | ph: 215.468.0518 | fax: 215.468.0818 | info@philadelphiacatering.com


				© 2025 philadelphia catering co. | 
										privacy | 
												terms | 
										site by nuphoriq



 



 



 














