






 


 






3si security - 3si security systems




























































































3si security logo









 













3si home
about 3si
industries
solutions
document center
contact




careers
news & events
3si blog
case studies
training portal
3si tracking


















using innovation to create a #saferworldleveraging the latest technology and a drive for innovation, we protect and recover high-value assets and apprehend criminals…and break the crime cycle.

 $2.96m+
recovered & 1,077+ arrests in the last 12 months.

get protected








stay informed. stay protected.security risks are everywhere but 3si has got you covered. from understanding the latest industry technology to staying ahead of current crime trends, trust 3si’s thought leadership in asset protection.

 $20,000
recovered in clothing store in inglewood, ca.

read the blog








we pledge to build a #saferworldreducing crime, exceeding your expectations, committing to the highest standards, and empowering your investment — these core pillars drive everything we do.

10,200+
law enforcement partners trained across the u.s. and canada.

view the 3si pledge








safety is our top priorityfounded in 1971, 3si is the market leader in pioneering advanced security solutions for asset protection and recovery. 3si — security, safety, service, innovation.

75,000+
locations safeguarded worldwide.
get to know 3si










together, let’s break the crime cycle



read the 3si blog



the proof is in our pledge





why 3si?







show me solutions for






select industry
big-box stores
cannabis
consumer electronics
convenience stores
financial institutions
jewelry
law enforcement
pharmacy
retailers



 learn more
 



 learn more
 










creating a safer world
with 3si’s technology, you can put a stop to ongoing and future criminal activity. we provide action and intelligence to apprehend suspects through our robust partnerships with law enforcement agencies. in addition to stopping crime, our solutions help recover stolen valuables and provide peace of mind to you, your staff and your customers.
discover how 3si has helped arrest over 20,000 criminals and recover over $153m in cash and valuables.

see all solutions









assets recovered









3si certified channel partner program
empowering security partners with proven solutions to make your world safer.need tech support? open a ticket.

 
learn more










3si is the world leader in asset protection systems.

our solutions create a safer world by protecting and recovering stolen cash and high-value assets and apprehending criminals.






criminals apprehended




law enforcement agency partners




locations safeguarded







what people are saying

load more







the latest from 3si







news




#saferworld report – january 2025

our december 2024 #saferworld report highlights crimes solved with the help of police and our tracking technology. together with our customers, we are breaking the crime cycle and making  your world. safer. january 2025 successes: 60+ criminals apprehended and $250k+...
read more





events


inoa (iowa narcotics officers association) 2025
  feb 18, 2025 - feb 20, 2025



blog




how 3si is living in the goldilocks zone of security

jan 2, 2025description: discover how 3si leverages innovative tech to deliver actionable intelligence, empowering law enforcement to address crime response safely while anticipating future needs. a foolproof plan for adaptable security for any business. by: bill bozeman  ...
read more





 

 
 
 



 
 stay informed. stay protected.

newsletter sign-up
 



careers
news & events
3si blog
case studies
training portal
3si tracking
 
 





facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


 © copyright 2009 - 2025 3si security systems. all rights reserved.  |  privacy
 

 
 
 










experience the power of 3
      visit our new page
  







			×			









zone 5community







protecting the community is the key directive for law enforcement agencies, and both 3si and coverttrack technology supports this mission by helping police catch criminals and recover stolen assets.
3si’s commercial solutions, used by thousands of financial institutions and retailers, include gps tracking solutions that protect both assets and staff. through 3si’s partnership with over 10,200 law enforcement agencies, our solutions receive direct police support during a crime. our customers, and their staff and assets, stay protected and whole communities are safer with criminals taken off the streets. visit our about 3si page to learn about our law enforcement division.
for direct law enforcement use, coverttrack’s solutions help agents gather critical intelligence safely and effectively. keeping the investigation on track while protecting the lives of law enforcement in the field are coverttrack’s top priorities.
visit coverttrack’s website to learn more.











			return to law enforcement			









zone 4tactical







coverttrack leads the way for law enforcement tactical support. with both audio and video monitoring as well as gps tracking, our solutions help agents gather critical intelligence safely and effectively. keeping the investigation on track while protecting the lives of law enforcement in the field are coverttrack’s top priorities.
visit coverttrack’s website to learn more.











			return to law enforcement			









zone 3investigative






investigations can take many forms and have many different requirements. regardless of the type, officers want to know that they can depend on the equipment they are using. for 15 years, coverttrack has supported thousands of agencies with the best in tactical and surveillance gear.
from audio to video to gps, coverttrack has the solution your agency needs. and we’re the only physical security company whose data integrates into the penlink plx platform to take your investigations to the next level.
visit coverttrack’s website to learn more.














			return to law enforcement			









zone 2asset tracking

agencies have many different needs when it comes to tracking assets. there may be a rash of auto break-ins where creating a bait package in a car is needed to nab the crooks. or maybe there’s a rise in “porch pirates” and police want to use a tracker to catch these criminals in action. sometimes, there’s a need to track a package or item during an undercover operation. whatever the application, coverttrack offers a wide range of gps trackers to fill the need.
visit coverttrack’s website to learn more.














			return to law enforcement			









zone 1vehicle tracking

when law enforcement needs to track a vehicle for surveillance or any other reason, they need to be able to depend on a durable and reliable gps tracking device. coverttrack offers a range of trackers to meet virtually any need. as the industry leader in vehicle tracking for law enforcement, our customers know they can count on coverttrack’s solutions to deliver.
visit coverttrack’s website to learn more.














			return to law enforcement			





 
stay informed. stay protected.



sign up for periodic emails from 3si security systems.first name*last name*industry*choose oneplease chooseatm operatorsbanksbig box storescargocash transportcasinoscheck cashingconsumer elecc-storescredit unionsdistributorsdollar storesgrocery storesjewelry storeslaw enforcementliquor storesmunicipal/govpawn shopspharmaciesrestaurantsretail – generalretail – high-enduniversityutilityothercompany*email*

captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

















			✕			





				how to download a video			

click on the video you wish to view and the video will open in a new window and begin streaming automatically.
if you wish to download the video you can do so by hovering over it while it is playing. when you click on a video it will play in a smaller window.
if you would like to download the video, hover over it.

for chrome browser
click on the menu icon in the lower right  and you will see an option to download.
for firefox browser
click on the video and you will see an option to save/download the video.



			✕			





send me an update when the next blog is posted.


sign up for periodic emails from 3si security systems.first name*last name*company*email*

captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

















			×			





rester informé. séjour protégé.


			×			





stay informed. stay protected.


			×			


















































 
 


