





home


















dhp website



back to health professional data services 
login 





 

 
welcome to dhp health professional data services!





announcing new changes to license database download!
                    email address is now part of the data download. please view the sample file layout of the format you are about to download.
                    you might need to adjust you importing process to accommodate this new field.
                






 license verification
                    




                    subscribers pay an annual subscription fee of $95.00 per user for unlimited verification.
                    
login                        |
subscribe







 license database download
                    




                    this service allows users to download name and address of licensees within each board in 
                    text,
                    pipe delimited, 
                    csv,
                    or excel  format.
                         
                        download fee: with the first record request of each download there is a $100.00 charge and $20 for 
                    each additional 1,000 records or a part thereof.
                    when available, board certified or self-proclaimed specialty information is an additional 20% charge.
                         
                        examples:


fee for 727 records:
$120.00


fee for 2,999 records:
$160.00


fee for 12,002 records:
$360.00



more information |
                        sample text format |
                        sample pipe format |
                        sample csv format |
                        sample excel format 
                            | login | subscribe








 case decision notification 
                    




                    the department of health professions has partnered with virginia interactive to offer users the ability to track the status of 
                    any health professionals licensed in the commonwealth of virginia. updates regarding license renewal or expiration, 
                    notice of proceedings and/or case decisions are sent to the email address of choice daily.
                    
fees for this service are charged annually.
                    level 1 - license status - $200.00 per user
                    level 2 - all of level 1 and discipline action - $500 per user
                     
                    
more information 
                        | login | subscribe







    the department of health professions has partnered with virginia interactive to offer users the ability to review, track, and 
    download the status of health professionals licensed in the commonwealth of virginia.

    

login
     
    subscribe


 


 


        © 2016 all rights reserved - designed by virginia interactive
            119 west broad st richmond, va 23220
contact us



