




  


skitops - the official ski tour operators association

































skitops




 home

 membership 

member benefits
join as a buyer/tour operator
join as a seller/supplier
join as an ally member



 current members 

buyers / tour operators
sellers / suppliers / ally


 contact us

 info 

about skitops
network & university
contact staff
board of directors



 member login 










welcome to skitops  the ski tour
                            operators association.
by the industry. for the industry.















next up!
 
registration is open
member benefits



mark your calendars

next steep thoughts
january 29 - 1:00 pm (mst)

the whitefish fam happened!
   

here's what they said - 
it was a wonderful trip and yes absolutely am equipped to sell this gorgeous destination after the great fam and getting to know the properties, the people and the mountain. 
thank you all  - 
max 

thank you to all, behind the scenes and in front, who made this trip to whitefish such a success!

i'm so glad i got to visit your town and mountain, and  truly appreciate everyone's generosity and hospitality.  

can't wait to get people out there to experience how special it is :) - kayla
it happened!
 
university class of 2024 
 







 

skitops is the leading membership organization for ski and mountain travel industry professionals in north america. this not-for-profit trade group is comprised of tour operators and industry suppliers working in partnership to bring recreationists, skiers, snowboarders and other outdoor enthusiasts to the diverse mountain destinations of north america. through the annual network & university conference and various member networking events throughout the year, skitops offers a warm and welcoming environment where  relationships are established, fostered and nurtured.

the format for the network & university conference, held each spring, includes contracting meetings between all buyers and all supplier members, buyer front-line reservations agent training by participating suppliers, educational forums and plenty of social networking among attendees at the meals, ski day and social functions.

the regional membership networking events in denver, aspen, park city, vail and lake tahoe are informal social events where buyer and supplier members are able to get together and get to know their business partners.

membership in skitops is offered at a reasonable price yielding a high rate of return on investment to its member businesses. skitops is - by the industry. for the industry!
join skitops



click hereto see why you should become a member!

see all of our promotional videos
what's the cost
















2025 skitops network / university | event sponsors:






































































contact skitops
 
								p.o. box 771695steamboat springs, co 80477

								
info@skitops.com


work with us
 join skitops as a tour operator or supplier member today.
								


stay connected

 facebook
 twitter

 instagram



search



go!











©skitops 2025





















