
houston traffic ticket attorney - eutsler law firm       

      
 
 chat with us, powered by livechat    call now! 713.464.6461|firm@theticketattorney.com



call now! 713-464-6461
aboutservicestraffic ticket defense and city ordinance violationsoccupational driver licensesdps driver license hearing representationbonds removing traffic ticket warrantssolve driver license problemsdwi defensecriminal defensehit and run investigationsclearing criminal recordscommercial driver’s license (cdl) ticket defensewills and probatetestimonialscontactsubmit case / ticket informationtraffic ticket & criminal defense infofaqexpunction / criminal records non disclosurehit and run investigationsdwi defensetraffic ticket defense and city ordinance violationsdrivers license problemsoccupational drivers licensewarrantsreckless driving / racinghouston traffic warrant roundup

houston traffic ticket attorney	


robert eutsler 


2024-06-21t12:46:56-05:00	 houston traffic ticket attorneyhouston traffic ticket attorney robert eutsler and his associated houston traffic ticket lawyers defend speeding tickets and all other traffic violations in the greater houston area. our services also include defending city of houston ordinance violations, like game room and building code violations, as well as criminal cases such as minor in possession, shoplifting, assault, driving with a suspended license, racing, reckless driving and driving while intoxicated. we are licensed as an attorney bondsman to remove (lift) your traffic warrants.as a houston traffic lawyer, we know the game, the referees, the opposition, the rules and much more. our fees are reasonable. they are based on the superior level of services we provide. in the traffic ticket lawyer business, and especially with a so-called speeding ticket lawyer, you get what you pay for. you can exceed the speed limit in texas and still not be guilty of speeding if your speed is reasonable.our reputation is impeccable, and verifiable on unfiltered review sites such as yelp. call us now for a free consult at 713.464.6461, or email us at   firm@theticketattorney.com,  or contact us through our website.our services includetraffic ticket defensehouston traffic ticket lawyerwe are one of the most well-respected traffic lawyers in houston.learn moretraffic warrants liftedtraffic warrants liftedwe are licensed locally to write bail bonds for our clients, allowing us to remove warrants immediately.learn moreoccupational driver's licensehouston occupational driver's license lawyerwe can get you driving privileges in a matter of days.learn moredl hearing representationdriver's license hearing repa notice of suspension, such as for driving without a valid license, has a short deadline. call us now for a free consultation.learn moredriver's license problems and research serviceslicense problems and researchwe are one of the few ticket lawyers with the trained staff to figure out what is going on with your license.learn moredwi defense lawyerhouston harris county dwi defense lawyerrobert eutsler has the reputation of trying dwi’s. preparation is the key to success. always meet in person with any lawyer you are considering before making your hiring decision.learn morecriminal defense lawyerhouston harris county criminal defensedriver get arrested for many reasons. call robert now for a free consultation.learn morehit and run investigationshouston hit and run lawyerdon’t talk to a sheriff, deputy, or police officer except to say, “i am hiring a lawyer,” then call us!learn moresealing/expunction/non-disclosure of criminal recordsexpunction, non-disclosure and juvenile sealingonly certain outcomes are eligible. call us now if your case was dismissed or if you successfully completed deferred adjudication.learn morewe solve license problemsin addition to being a speeding ticket lawyer and serving your other traffic ticket defense needs, we are foremost in regaining and retaining your driving privileges when your driver license is already suspended or in jeopardy of being suspended, whether due to receiving a ticket while driving during a period that your license is suspended, for failure to appear in traffic court, for a conviction for driving while intoxicated (dwi) or drugs or failing or refusing a breath or blood test, too many convictions for moving violations, or for being medically disqualified to safely drive, for having an uninsured accident that was your fault, or for other reasons. if you receive a notice or order of suspension from dps, call us immediately. there are sometimes short deadlines to request a hearing. a driver license suspension might occur if you delay. an occupational driver license might be in order.a citation for driving while license suspended is a serious traffic offense that can cause you to be arrested. a conviction for driving while license suspended or driving while license invalid will cause another driver license suspension. we can secure an occupational driver license to give you legal driving privileges during a driver license suspension, but it is better not to allow your driver license to become suspended or revoked in the first place. call us now for a free consult at 713.464.6461, or email us at firm@theticketattorney.com,  or contact us through our website.  most of our clients prefer not to go to court and do not want to take the defensive driving course. some traffic courts, however, require your appearance. if you want or need a trial, we will not back down like many other houston traffic lawyers. for you truck drivers and others holding a commercial driver license, you have fewer options. we know the system and will advise you how best to protect your driving record so as not incur points, surcharges or convictions.every traffic ticket, every traffic court, and every client is unique.  our fees are competitive and affordable. our dismissal rate exceeds 95% (some dismissals include court costs, others do not). our office phone is forwarded after hours. call us now for a free consult at 713.464.6461, or email us at  firm@theticketattorney.com,  or contact us through our website.common traffic ticket and driving violations defended:
speeding ticket
stop sign ticket
running red light ticket
driving while license suspended
driving while intoxicated (dwi)
racing
reckless driving
evading arrest
equipment violations
registration
insurancesome of the major traffic courts we serve:
city of houston
justice of the peace courts in:
harris county
montgomery county
fort bend county
galveston county
brazoria county
waller county

city of pasadena
city of galveston
city of sugar land
city of stafford
city of spring valley village
other memorial villagesother cities we serve:(in alphabetical order)
arcola
baytown
bellaire
bunker hill village
conroe
deer park
friendswood
fulshear
galena park
galveston
humble
hunters creek village
hedwig village
jacinto city
jersey village
katy
kemah
la porte
league city
meadows place
missouri city
pasadena
pearland
piney point village
seabrook
southside place
south houston
spring valley village
stafford
sugar land
tomball
west university placeother driving crimes defended include:
failure to stop and give information
failure to stop and render aid
minor driving under the influence
intoxication assault
intoxication manslaughterwhat sets us aparthere at eutsler law firm, we have a highly trained and personable staff led by office manager/paralegal michelle eutsler, wife of owner robert eutsler.we have real time access to many databases while you are on the phone, including those maintained by many courts and the texas department of public safety (dps). we have developed and maintain our own proprietary database containing many judges’, court clerks’ and prosecutors’ unwritten policies and procedures that give us an advantage in how to best resolve your particular situation in the shortest amount of time for the least amount of money. we are armed with knowledge of unique traffic laws and different courts’ policies and procedures, and can advise you quickly of your options. you can see why many seasoned criminal defense lawyers use eutsler law firm to handle their personal tickets.keys to a successful traffic ticket law practice are competitive prices, competent attorneys and staff, and accurate calendaring. at eutsler law firm, we maintain multiple and redundant calendars, including state of the art cloud-based digital calendaring, and an old fashioned manual one that cannot “go down.” this ensures we don’t overlook your court dates and deadlines, and you don’t forget about them either. we make sure you get multiple reminders, including by snail mail, email and phone. this can save you the embarrassment of your arrest due to a failure to appear and a traffic warrant, as well as the additional failure to appear violation, legal fees, court costs, and bail bond premiums. this is one of the hidden costs of using cheap, understaffed competitors. if you research our reviews on yelp and other online sources, you will see that our houston traffic ticket attorneys and staff rate among the highest in comparison to our competitors.driven to help drivers©meet the team      submit ticket or case to our attorneys.submit ticket or case infocontactt: 713.464.6461

f: 713.465.7223

e: firm@theticketattorney.com

a: 9219 katy fwy, # 220

houston, texas 77024privacy policyeutsler law firm respects your privacy.any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of eutsler law firm.learn morelatest news
moving violations and tickets in houston
occupational license facts
dwi lawyer in houston
houston attorneys for drivers license suspension and dwi
view all
the ticket attorney blogpayment methods
personal or business check
cash© 2016 -  eutsler law firm | all rights reserved |

contact us






your name (required)
your email (required)
subject
your message





		

δ
close                                                   
contact us     