









democracy explainers - rock the vote













































































info@rockthevote.org



facebook




twitter




instagram




rss




follow



 





facebook




twitter




instagram




rss




follow



donate
shop
about us
register to vote
  
 
 










how to vote

register to vote
check your registration status
how to vote in your state
get election reminders
voting faqs
contact your local election official


get involved

help register voters
become a community partner
democracy explainers
contact your elected officials
join us on social


programs & resources

athletes rock the vote
brands for democracy
democracy class
tech for civic engagement


action fund
 


select page


  
 



 



 







democracy explainers


















filter by: governmentdemocracyelectionslocal electionsstate electionsconstitutionracial justicesupreme courtvoting rightshistorystate governmentmovementsprotestcensusdistrictinglocal governmentstatehood 






the plum book
a book covering government positions that can be appointed by the incoming president. 









ballot measures
a form of direct democracy in which a law, issue, or question on the ballot is decided by voters through an election. 




misinformation
false or inaccurate information that is understood or spread as true, either intentionally or unintentionally. 











the john r. lewis voting rights advancement act
a federal bill to restore the voting rights act. 




voting in a primary election
crucial to our democratic process, these elections provide voters with a wide range of options to choose from. 




the 15th amendment
in 1870, the 15th amendment legally granted voting rights to all men, regardless of race, no longer limiting the right to vote to white, land-owning men. 




how to research your ballot
become an informed voter by learning how to research who and what are on your ballot. 




congressional recess
period when members of congress return to their states and districts to work and meet with constituents.  




the national popular vote interstate compact
agreement between states to ensure the winner of the national popular vote is elected president. 




ranked choice voting
ranked choice voting: a system of voting in which voters rank candidates on their ballot by order of preference.  




help america vote act (hava)
federal law to improve election administration through reforms such as mandatory minimum standards and funding to meet standards. 




election assistance commission (eac)
the only federal agency charged with improving voting systems and helping states with other critical functions of election administration. 




runoff election
elections between the two top candidates from a primary or general election often when the winner has not won both the most votes and earned at least 50% of the vote. 




election certification
the process by which votes are tabulated and election results are made official. 




voter rolls and voter purging
the list of registered voters who can cast a ballot in an election. several states have recently abused their power to purge millions of voters from the rolls. 




the 19th amendment
in 1920, the 19th amendment extended voting rights to women as it prohibited the u.s. and states from denying the right to vote on the basis of sex. 




the voting rights act of 1965
the vra outlawed discriminatory voting policies and established concrete ways to enforce and prevent discrimination. 




pride and the stonewall uprising
pride honors the 1969 stonewall uprising and celebrates the lgbtq+ community. 




shelby v holder
the us supreme court's 2013 decision gutted the voting rights act of 1965 paving the way for levels of voter suppression not seen in decades. 




juneteenth
juneteenth marked the end of slavery and the beginning of the fight for citizenship for black americans. 




national voter registration act of 1993 (nvra)
the nvra, revolutionized voter registration across the country establishing voter registration requirements and policies to facilitate those requirements. 




the electoral college
the electoral college is the way people in the united states elect the president and vice president. 




the census
the u.s. constitution requires that a census, or population survey, take place every 10 years. 




gerrymandering
gerrymandering occurs when district lines are redrawn to manipulate election results and disenfranchise voters. 




bloody sunday anniversary
the events of march 7, 1965 were considered to be a turning point for civil rights & led directly to passage of the voting rights act. 




the u.s. supreme court nomination process
how are supreme court justices nominated and confirmed to office? 




midterm elections
midterm elections, or midterms, are elections held during the second year of a president’s four-year period in office – in the middle of the presidential term. 




local elections 2021
every year is an election year! even when there aren’t national or statewide elections, local elections are happening across the country. 




state legislatures
when most people think about the legislative branch of government, they think about the u.s. congress. but all 50 states have their own. 




the march on washington
in 1963, leaders of the civil rights movement organized the march on washington to protest ongoing racial inequity. 




community districting
census results are used to create new legislative and congressional districts to ensure proportional representation in government. 




the 26th amendment
in 1971, the 26th amendment of the u.s. constitution lowered the voting age to 18. 




d.c., puerto rico, and the u.s. territories
residents of dc, pr, and other u.s. territories have fundamentally different rights and representation than residents of the 50 states. 




law enforcement in washington, d.c.
to better understand january 6, 2021, we need to understand the complex relationship between the local and federal government in d.c. 




the freedom to vote act
the act proposes a sweeping set of reforms to expand americans’ access to the ballot box and to fight corruption. 




the 14th amendment and the insurrection
in the aftermath of january 6th, it became clear that several members of congress “engaged in insurrection or rebellion” as defined in the 14th amendment. 




impeachment
impeachment is a constitutional process used to remove a president or other federal official from office. 




the 25th amendment
the 25th amendment established the presidential line of succession and created a process for the president to be removed from office if they become unfit to serve. 




what’s up with daca
daca provides work permits and a temporary reprieve from deportation for almost 800,000 undocumented young people. 




executive orders
an executive order is an official statement from the president advising federal agencies on what to do and how to use resources. 






 



















how to voteregister to vote
check your registration status
how to vote in your state
get election reminders
voting faqs
contact your local election official
get involvedhelp register voters
become a community partner
democracy explainers
contact your elected officials
join us on social
programs & resourcesathletes rock the vote
brands for democracy
democracy class
tech for civic engagement
about rock the votedonate
about us
contact us
shop
careers
privacy policy
donor privacy
press releases
manage your information
 









facebook




twitter




instagram




rss




follow



© 2025 rock the vote is a 501(c)(3) registered non-profit organization and does not support or oppose any political candidate or party. privacy policy | financials  

 
 
 















