









living water






































skip to content



 living water












home
technology

experience water in its most purified state
water purification and the filtration system
living water offers your family the best-tasting water


buyer’s guide

guide to purchasing under-sink filters
guide to buying commercial beverage filtration
guide to purchasing a countertop filter
guide to buying good quality rv filters


shop

living water faucet filter
living water refill station
living water aluminum bottles


faqs
mission
about
blog
contact
 







  living waterour mission at living water is to provide people with safe and delicious drinking water free of bacteria, viruses, toxins, and contaminants.
learn more 


 
about 

 



living water is not just a team of technicians developing the finest drinking systems in the globe. we are health champions, athletes, nature-lovers, innovative thinkers.
as a whole, our mission is to save planet earth. those are not just words. they are our aim and intention. we protect the earth’s waters from pollutants and eliminate impurities and harmful toxins from drinking water at home. that is what drives our creativity and passion for the product.
the water station
…
read more



 
 




water purification and the filtration system 
using a highly advanced purification system, living water dispensers offer the safest and best tasting water worldwide.

learn morecontact 



 
 

latest articles 







blog
springwell cf1 whole house water filter system review


it is easy to believe that the city water that flows through your taps is clean and safe to drink. often, this is not the case, and you actually need a filter system to remove invisible contaminants in the water. in this springwell water filter review, you will find the advantages of having a water filter system and why the springwell filter is a great option for your home.
why do you need a filter system?
…

read more 







blog
everything you need to know about harvesting rainwater


in some regions all over the globe, rainwater is their primary source of water. it is collected to supply the population’s needs and is referred to as rainwater harvesting. moreover, this practice is gaining popularity across the globe and is presently applied in industrial and agricultural facilities, and even in homes.
all about rainwater harvesting
rainwater harvesting involves collecting and storing rainwater for irrigation, washing, drinking, and other uses for water. rain is gathered through a structure runoff (e.g., roof). then, it is kept for use later on or repurposed to fill out groundwater.
when …

read more 







blog
viruses in drinking water


waterborne viruses affect many people every year, especially those who drink untreated water. according to who (world health organization), billions of people use dirty water as a drinking source.
viruses get mixed with water when it is polluted by human or animal feces or urine. a damaged sewage system, contaminated stormwater, and floods increase the risk. also, water from rivers, lakes, and wells is unsafe against contamination. the reality is, viruses tend to linger in unfiltered or untreated water….

read more 








what is living water? 
living water transforms ordinary water into a safe and delicious drink. the reverse osmosis technology used by living water eliminates 99% of contaminants, from viruses or bacteria to chemicals or heavy metals.

faq 



 
 




© copyright 2025 living water. all rights reserved. 




➜
















