







































    
    ngk spark plugs - home
  
  










                  english
en



  français
fr







   
 


 
 


 
  

part finder




   
    home



  about


   ngk worldwide



  professional racing



  sponsorship





  products


   ignition


   spark plugs - oem type



  spark plugs - aftermarket type



  ignition coils



  glow plugs



  wire sets



  resistor covers and caps



  race cables and splicers





  sensors





  tech info


   spark plugs


   overview



  faq



  installation instructions





  wire sets


   wire sets - overview



  wire sets - faq





  oxygen sensors



  glow plugs





  blog



  resources



  where to buy



  contact us












    
 





       the world leaderin spark plugs.  ngk's attention to performance excellence sparks that kind of commitment. it's what has made ngk the world leader.    

our products




   ngk spark plugs canada ltd. when you choose ngk spark plugs, you're in good company. automobile manufacturers around the world recognize our unsurpassed quality, reliability, and performance.     

  part finder
search by application, part number, or reference number   

read more →




  

  shop squad
join the squad today to keep your edge in the industry   

read more →




  

  tech info
our guide to understanding, using, and troubleshooting all of our products   

read more →










  
 products     
  from our technologically advanced racing spark plugs and cold performance iridium ix line, to our economical oem quality replacement plugs, ngk is the spark plug of choice for millions of drivers.

  

button






  

view our products




   
blog & recent news visit our ngk blog for up to date information on  ngk products, events, trade shows, and current news.      

    ngk is now niterra


 march 31, 2023

we have changed our corporate name!

 




   

    ngk canada launches shop squad


 by matt otten
•
february 1, 2023

shop squad is an online community for technicians and automotive industry professionals

 




   

    government of ontario introduces legislation to modernize and streamline apprenticeship training


 by matt otten
•
may 11, 2021

the government of ontario has introduced the building opportunities in the skilled trades act, 2021, to simplify the apprenticeship system, reduce stigma related to careers in the skilled trades, encourage business participation, and attract younger people to the trades.                                                    under the proposed legislation, the ontario college of trades (ocot) would be replaced with a new crown agency, skilled trades ontario (sko).                                                              we at ngk are hoping that this move will serve as a positive step in the right direction towards drawing more young people into careers in the automotive aftermarket. find out more about the proposed new legislation                       here                      .

 





 show more











            






 ngk worldwide ngksparkplugs.ca/ngk-worldwide



      



 email info@ngksparkplugs.ca



       








 call 905-477-7780






   niterra canada limited25 centurian drive, suite 205markham, ontario, l3r 5n8


     © 2025 
all rights reserved | niterra



















































































































  
  share by:








