








home - hiphop market | house painting auburn hills, house painting grand blanc






































home
about us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












our blog














choosing the right paint color for your deck

by secure_admin | sep 2, 2020 | house painting | 1 comment
your deck undergoes a lot of wear and tear, just like any outdoor area. its age, the heat of the sun, and the weather can break down your deck. however, if you regularly maintain them, they will last longer.  

choosing the right finish and color is important when it comes to picking an exterior paint color. however, how do you pick the correct color? if you aren’t planning to hire a house painting auburn hills company, here are several things you should consider: 
what is the color scheme of your exterior? 
you should look at the existing accents, trim, and paint color of your home’s exterior. after that, make sure you utilize the paint guide or color wheel to help you lock in a color that will match the color scheme and style of your house.  
old-style houses can go with a brown, gray, or reddish hue. on the other hand, modern houses will lean toward neutral or gray. however, your overall scheme will totally land you in the correct color zone.  
you should test out the shades after you have narrowed down the color list. you can do this by painting a small spot on the deck. next, look at the shades at various times of the day and various lights when you’re choosing out a paint color.  
if you don’t want to do that, you can simply upload a photo of your deck to a painting website and virtually try on the color.  
how can you best protect the deck? 
is your deck in the full sun? is it shaded? is it screened? places that get a lot of sunlight require more protection compared to shaded places. high traffic places such as walkways and stairs require more durable finishes compared to handrails.  
also, you will want something you can regularly clean or power wash as well. 
what is your deck made of? 
your deck’s material influences how flexible you can be with color. composite and wood decks usually provide the most options. they can be almost any color. when it comes to concrete decks, you cannot paint them. however, you stain them. 
furthermore, the fewest color choices are the brick paver. a couple might stain. however, almost every one of them will not take extra color.  
what is the big picture? 
though your deck is a structure that’s independent, it is also part of the entire setting of your house. thus, you should begin by considering the context of your grounds and home. 
what other landscaping elements do you have that may affect color? 
landscape elements such as stone, concrete, or brick can act as a guide as well. for instance, a red brick will pair well with a gray deck. on the other hand, a tan will work well with natural stone.  
does your deck directly connect to your home? 
decks connect to your home are considered an extension. thus, it makes sense if the indoor flooring of your home may be a great jumping-off color for the deck that you have.  




common causes of paint bubbling

by secure_admin | aug 31, 2020 | house painting | 0 comments
of course, the last thing you want to do after spending a lot of time painting your house is waking up and see the paint bubbling. so, why does the paint bubble? today, we are going to talk about it. 

blistering, commonly known as paint bubbling, occurs if paint loses its surface adhesion. the surface may be a layer of paint beneath the one you applied. it can also be the substrate, such as wood, plaster, or drywall.  
air or water-filled bubbles develop if paint is not sticking to the surface. they can harden in place if they collapse as the paint dries. at any time, paint coats can loosen. this includes water- and oil-based paint, even if the paint was already applied many weeks ago.  
you can paint over the surface if you want. however, that is not a permanent answer to your problem. the reason for this is that the paint would probably form bubbles again. here are several reasons why your house painting grand blanc leads to paint bubbles.  
utilizing the wrong paint, tools, or method 
in general, it is ideal to utilize more paint that is oil-based if you’re painting over the same type of paint. applying latex paint over an existing oil-based paint will probably lead to the paint the bubble. the reason for this is that the two types of paint cannot bond properly. however, latex has a couple of advantages when compared to oil-based paints. this includes quicker drying time, less smell, and lower vocs. thus, you will have to prepare the oil-based paint if you are planning to paint latex paint over oil-based paint. you can do this by using a sandpaper to get rid of the paint. this will rough the surface up. next, you have to clean it using tsp. after that, you have to prime it. lastly, you should utilize at least 2 layers of latex. also, you have to ensure you utilize the correct roller or brush. ask a paint expert if you aren’t certain of the correct tool for your paint project.  
heat 
paint bubbling is more common in areas exposed to heat. this includes rooms or kitchens that get a lot of sunlight. this is not so much of an issue of adherence since it’s a problem of drying. the upper layer of paint unevenly dries at a faster rate in intemperate areas. this causes bubbles under the surface.  
moisture 
moisture from high humidity, leaks, or water droplets can all soak into the surface. this produces bubbles between the paint and the surface. these forms of bubbles occur in areas where dampness is common. this includes kitchens and bathrooms.  
skipping the primer 
you might think that it’s okay to skip the primer. however, your walls do not agree with that. primer is not simply the attempt of the paint industry to sell you another product. a primer layer produces a less porous surface so that both pigments and binders can stick to the surface. to make things simple, it offers your paint something to adhere to. that is the reason why you should not skip the primer. else, it will develop bubbles.  








search for:





recent posts


choosing the right paint color for your deck


common causes of paint bubbling


recent commentsmahmud ghazni on choosing the right paint color for your deckarchives

september 2020
august 2020

categories

house painting


hiphop marketchoosing the right paint color for your deckcommon causes of paint bubbling



 








 
























