





analytic companies - miner & silverstein, llp






market analysis, consultation and valuation for retail, financial service, healthcare
and real estate. sophisticated high-tech market analysis using geographic information
systems (gis), internal data, worldwide databases, demographics, and a nationwide network
of real estate professionals represent the core strengths of the profit point target marketing division of
miner & silverstein, llp. each of the partners in the miner & silverstein appraisal company
division of miner & silverstein, llp has earned the mai designation from the appraisal
institute, the recognized leader in real estate appraisal, comes from a background of
business and real estate development and has been appraising for 
over two decades. valuation
specialties  include recreational properties, marinas, hospitality and restaurant
properties, trust and estate planning and taxation, ad 
valorum taxation, and litigation.


miner & silverstein appraisal company
-- real estate and business appraisals, real estate valuation 
consulting and market analysis

appraisal of commercial, investment, industrial, and recreation properties in
    connecticut, rhode island, and fishers island, ny.
residential properties in southeastern connecticut and fishers island, ny. 
appraisal review for litigation, quality control and due diligence.
marinas throughout the usa.
business valuation.
valuation consulting
trust and estate administration and planning
taxes on charitable donations, gift tax, etc. 
real estate market studies
for acquisition, disposition, taxation, litigation, financing, and 
  estate planning.
neighborhood impact analysis for zoning purposes.
certified revaluation supervisors in connecticut
expert systems for real estate valuation


  
speaking engagements
privacy policy

contact the partners:
christopher a. miner, mai, 
sra
robert h. silverstein, mai, sra, mba
miner & silverstein, llp
322 captains walk
new london, ct 06320

860-443-8405 voice
860-442-9306 fax


send e-mail to company



 


