











home - the daily plainsman


































      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                newsletters              



                subscribe              












advanced search















 




			-6 °
		

			clear		

				forecast
			






 








toggle navigation




main menu






home




                    news 



                          local news                        


                          school news                        


                          police log/court news                        




                    sports                  


                    community                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  



                    special sections 



                          comics                        


                          other special sections                        


                          tv book                        





                    marketplace 



                          this week's classified ads                        


                          this week's print ads                        





                    send us your news 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          submit news                        




                    contact us                  



                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living & the environment                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        

































welcome to the huron plainsman!
for subscription inquiries or for any questions about accessing the e-edition or website, please call 605-353-7446.




top stories





and they're off...













						photos from the second edition of mx at the dex					



tigers dominate throughout to earn win against aberdeen central













						huron arguably plays best game of the season in victory over golden eagles					



pierre claims title at esd conference girls' tournament













						esd girls meet held thursday at huron arena					







more local news






						commission votes to open space for court services					


					notes from february 11 beadle county commission meeting				








						school board approves junior kindergarten proposal					


					notes from huron school board meeting on february 10				








						city approves design changes for jersey avenue work					


					notes from february 10 huron city commission meeting				





			read more local news			




more police log



						police log 2-18-25					


					huron area police log published on february 18, 2025				





						police log 2-17-25					


					huron area police log published on february 17, 2025				





						police log 2-15-25					


					huron area police log published on february 15, 2025				




			more court/bankruptcies/police log			


 




e-edition




 




huron plainsman 02/18/2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											






































community





connecting cultures winter worship planned

food and fellowship annual event set for february 28









hitchcock fire department receives truck from basin


				hitchcock fire receives brush truck			











kludt announces bid for huron city commission


				former educator, united way director announces commission bid			











let there be light!


				new traffic lights in working order			











between the lines saturday at huron library


				book and author fair set for saturday			






			read more community coverage			








sports

heartland teams in weekly basketball rankings




							four heartland teams mentioned in this week's rankings						



				more sports				












area basketball 2-17-25

							weekend games highlighted						









area basketball 2-15-25

							heartland games from friday and previous						









arrows sweep eighth graders

							huron 8th grade boys basketball falls to watertown						




 




































opinion





identifying and counteracting the blitz

in this from the mound, the writer examines what a blitz is in football and how that can relate to current political environment









huron mayor reflects on 'huron day' at state capitol


				mayor shares experience from february 5 in pierre			











who are you cheering for?


				in this from the mound, the writer reflects on happenings in huron this week and compares responses to fandom			











condition, condition...then execute


				in this from the mound, the writer examines thought patterns that have been conditioned for decades			






libraries are more than books


				guest column defends state library			






			more opinion			








recipes

heartland cuisine: osl sub sandwich drive-by




						youth fundraiser set for saturday					



				read more recipes 				












schools





school notes 2-17-25

hs math and madison 2-3 center featured









school notes 2-15-25


				mckinley learning center featured			











beadle county auditor speaks to hcc american government class


				hanson shares information regarding elections			











school notes 2-14-25


				high school art featured			






			more school coverage			












obituaries








jose delgado, 78

							jalisco, mexico –– it is with heavy but full hearts that his family announces the passing of josé delgado, on january 24, at the age of 78 in jalisco, mexico. 

 born and raised  …						









jim delvaux, 90

							sioux falls ––james “jim” delvaux, 90, of sioux falls went to be with his lord and savior on february 7, 2025, at touchmark at all saints in sioux falls. 

 funeral services  …						









doris slunecka, 88, of sioux falls

							sioux falls — doris slunecka, 88, of sioux falls and formerly of miller, passed away thursday, february 6, 2025, at legends on lake lorraine in sioux falls, with her daughters at her side.  …						









marlene forbes, age 87, of mobridge

							mobridge — marlene forbes, age 87, of mobridge and formerly of huron, passed away on thursday, february 6, 2025 at primrose cottages in aberdeen, surrounded by her family. her funeral service  …						









phyllis schnoor, 85

							allen, texas –– with heavy hearts, we share the passing of our beloved mother, grandmother, sister, and friend, phyllis gail schnoor, who left this world on february 6, 2025, at the age  …						






			more obituaries			


 









facebook







this week's tv listings







				see previous tv books				


 




read the comics







				see previous comic sections				


 







						special sections					




































































































































						web extra content					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						









start the day by sharing a heartwarming breakfast

							(family features) 
    whether your brunch favorites include bananas foster french toast or peanut butter and apple, enjoying a meal together is a heartwarming way to start the day.						






			read more			


 




















                  49 third st. se / po box 1278, huron, sd
                          phone: 605-352-6401





links of interest


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 











          © copyright 2025 the daily plainsman        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


