









home - wellsprings counseling center, llc















































 


















 



 
wellsprings counseling center, llc








homeservicesstaffcontacteducationcoachingglobal ministryfaqs












trusted professionals dedicated to healing & transformation.we are dedicated and passionate about helping you create a more meaningful and abundant life.
we address the whole person emotionally, psychologically, physically, and spiritually.   schedule an appointmenttune into our radio program called "success for the soul" on am 570 or fm 102.3, wednesdays at 9pm edt





we offer compassionate care by a team of outstanding clinical professionals.   meet the team   our servicesserving the new york & new jersey metropolitan area: in-person and teletherapy.


new jersey
fair lawn, nj (map)
22-08 route 208 south, suite 16, fair lawn, nj 07410

hoboken, nj (map)
301 garden street, hoboken, nj 07030 
ridgewood, nj (map )
65 n maple avenue, suite 301a, ridgewood, nj 07450 
teletherapy – nj
new york
goshen, ny (map )
305 main street, goshen, ny 10924
teletherapy – ny

florida
teletherapy – florida

maryland
teletherapy – maryland

pennsylvania
teletherapy – pennsylvania










no surprises act of 2022
in compliance with the no surprises act of 2022, a good faith estimate (gfe) of expected charges is:

available in a written document that is clear, understandable; and
will be orally provided when the service is scheduled or when the patient asks about costs; and
available in accessible formats, and in the language(s) spoken by the patient.



wellsprings distinctives
comfortable surroundings
we strive to make your visits comfortable & confidential.

convenient locations
with five locations and growing we offer a variety of easily accessible locations.


flexible scheduling
with numerous locations & clinicians we can accommodate most schedules.


insurance submission
we work with most major insurance companies to submit your claim.


faith integration
our clinicians are trained in various forms of integrating christian faith into therapy for clients who desire it.


comprehensive team
our professionals come from diverse backgrounds and are trained in numerous areas of expertise. 


professional accountability
our therapists seek to sharpen their skills through supervision or clinical consultations.


quality + care
beyond professional training our clinicians have a heart for the families and individuals they serve. 

   schedule an appointment
 









© wellsprings counseling center, llc | contact | call: 201 956-6363

























































