




pardo.net

some of pardo's favorite network services & tools

qmail

wwww --- what's wrong with webpages

font size
	
	some web pages use a fixed font size, rather than setting
	it according to the browser preferences.
	on a low-resolutions screen (think: small laptop or tv),
	the fonts are big enough to be awkward.
	on a high-resolution screen (think: better-quality monitor)
	the fonts are so small as to be illegible.
	so use a font whose size is set by the user's browser.
	
	remember: the purpose of a web page always includes
	communication.
	fixed-size fonts interfere with that.
	
	many times the fixed-size fonts are used to ensure that the web
	page has the same ``look'' as when the web page was prepared by
	the ``web design artist'' and approved by management.
	the artist and management should both try the web page on very
	low- and high-resolution screens!
	

graphics
	
	many people still use modems and other low-bandwidth
	links.
	web page load times are often horrible because of the
	large graphics.
	pick a few graphics of a few kb size and use them often
	instead of using lots of different graphics.
	large graphics can often be small in kb if you are careful
	with the resolution and coloring.
	
	small computers often use wireless modems,
	so the communication speed is not getting better as fast as one
	might think.
	large graphics take a long time to download because they are
	big.  many small graphics also take a long time to download
	because the http protocol does not support ``get me this bunch
	of graphics.''
	
	review your web pages over a 28.8kbaud modem before you approve
	them.
	
grapics 2
	
	many sites have w-i-d-e and t-a-l-l graphics with embedded
	navigation.
	on a small screen (think small laptop or tv),
	it is necessary to scroll just to see the whole graphic.
	this makes navigation hard and hurts usability of the web page.
	
	review your web page on a small screen before you approve it.
	

frames
	
	frames work poorly on small screens
	(think small laptop or tv).
	give yourself at most two frames in order to avoid using all
	of the screen real estate.
	
	review your web page on a small screen before you approve it.
	

not accessible
	see
	http://bobby.watchfire.com
	for a tool which helps you find barriers to accessibility.


other stuff

dick sites on ratios
internet fraud?
	
1-800-876-7060 is the watts line number for internet fraud.  dont wait.
http://www.usps.gov/websites/depart/inspect/
		file a fraud complaint with the postal inspector.




