







optimum fitness : ways to balance your mind, body, and soul












































bodybuilding
fitness tips
healthiness
fitness for children
fitness trends










						learn how to train your body and spirit for a healthy lifestyle						






						do not eat when you are not hungry						




 fitness and bodybuilding are a perfect match
working out at the gym is the most reliable approach to enhance both your agility and strength while getting rid of unwanted fat. the combination of fitness training and bodybuilding provides the perfect solution to transform your physique according to your goals, without the need to follow restrictive dieting. through regular fitness training, you’ll improve your body’s weight management and increase your flexibility. many health professionals emphasize that bodybuilding helps develop a robust physique capable of handling substantial weights safely, which can prevent injuries during everyday activities.

 squash

even more motivating with a partner you know, squash is a sport that will definitely test both your physical and mental limits. it will offer an extreme challenge that will train your spirit to be more and more resistant to pressure, making it ideal to cope with any kind of stress. it has registered some records in fat burning during a short period of time because it is based on rushes of rapid and explosive movements that are separated by small pauses since the players act in a confined and small area that will prevent them from running long distances by making them move back and forth relentlessly. this kind of exercise has proven to be more than efficient during the different medical tests that have been run by many professionals in terms of calorie burning. however, squash can also be played in a non competitive way and just for fun.

 the three main phases you will go through during your training

the training period can go from six months up to a couple of years, since it depends on where you have started. for example, a fat person will take more time to get in shape than a regular person who doesn’t train.
starting is probably the most difficult decision you will have to take. you will not see a big difference during the first weeks, so you will need to be strong willed. however it is worth the investment.
after a couple of months, your body will start to change. this is the easiest part of your training, since the fact of noticing those changes will motivate you to work out even harder.
the final stage is when you finally reach your goal. your training will be much easier, since you just need to keep your body the way it is. you do not need to exceed your limits to progress anymore. but be careful, many tend to stop working out at this point, and it is a huge mistake.

 tennis

learning how to play tennis either with friends or by following a coaching program will keep you in shape. this will help you maintain a healthy body while enjoying a long term exercise that will be demanding in terms of calorie resources. keeping a healthy diet is also heavily recommended.

 diet tips

do not eat when you are not hungry
eat meat and vegetables
avoid eating a lot of sugar
get 5 small meals a day instead of 3 big ones
avoid eating snacks
try to keep your food as diversified as possible


 fitness and clothing are linked!
sportswear has become as fashionable as any other coveted clothing style these days. it’s not limited to doing physical activities anymore and as an integral part of the fashion industry, it’s certainly doing very well. although the main purpose of designing sportswear is comfort and performance, one must not forget that elegance and style play big parts in the industry. for further sportswear fashion material, visit https://spott.tv/.

 physical therapy
sports could be a physical therapy in special cases; it can treat a variety of health problems which people of all ages could face. prevention includes quitting smoking, lowering cholesterol, controlling high blood pressure and exercising can be the best therapy to get rid of all sort of illness and to maintain a healthy body and mental equilibrium. sports make people able to listen to their bodies, limit medicines that might contribute to fatigue and make their brains fresh and relaxed as well though facing stressful situations. physical activities may help reduce body and mental fatigue as well as acting as an efficient cure for human psychology.



						your guide to healthy eating						




 change your bad habits
try to turn your bad habit into good ones. at first, this will definitely be difficult. but if you are diligent enough, this is will prove to be a mental challenge that will highly enhance your spirit. but what kind of good habit should i get and what are the worst that i need to avoid ? here are some examples.

 bad habits
eating snacks randomly is a bad habit, for example. eating sweets and any kind of food that is heavily loaded with sugar is also a bad habit. this is actually even worse than you might think since sugar is highly addictive and may drag you into a loop you will not be able to escape from.



						good habits						




 try to jog or walk everyday : half an hour if jogging, and an hour if walking is a good habit to have every day. depending on your age first, walking may be more recommended.



						join the club and start healthy life today						










follow your coach
if you can afford a personal trainer, just follow his advices. you may learn a couple of things that will help you out during your training.  








never skip training
it may not seem like a big deal, but skipping training sessions just because you are getting lazy is the most common reason why people give up. 








do not go too hard on yourself
exceeding one’s limits can have its advantages. however, it is a permanent challenge to your spirit. if you overdo things, it can get counterproductive. 








do not compare yourself to others
remember why you have started working out. it is because you want to get a better body and lifestyle. it’s all for and about you. you are your own rival. 


 






practice yoga yoga is amazing for your overall health. it helps you build strength, coordination, and flexibility. it also encompasses the mind-body-soul connection.


plant-based foods eating lots of vegetables and fruit can help prevent chronic disease. shop your local farmer’s market  that offer locally grown foods for fresh, in-season produce.



opt for natural remedies with the guidance of a holistic health practitioner, herbs, the right foods, and essential oils can be very healing and have fewer dangerous side effects…



practice deep breathing 70% of your body’s toxins are released through your lungs and exhalation, making the act of “full breathing” a natural and powerful detoxifier.



















 