


































































globe gazette | breaking news | | read mason city, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















5°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state



crime



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



scoreboard



north iowa bulls



college



professional



outdoors



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



celebrations



people



faith



fashion



food & cooking



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



pets



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


globe gazette



britt news tribune



forest city summit



mitchell county press




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









5°
partly cloudy/wind
























        
        
            high school wrestling: osage's sonberg notches huge upset in regional finals

osage hosted nine other schools in a regional meet on saturday afternoon with a ticket to state on the line. 

















        
        
            high school wrestling: district results for north iowa area teams

high school boys' wrestling results from feb. 15, 2025. 

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa state's win at kansas: how does addy brown not have a triple-double yet?

sophomore iowa state forward addy brown has been so good this season it feels like a triple double would be inevitable by this point. nope. 

















        
        
            mason city man charged with child sexual abuse

jeremiah david estrada, 34, is accused of sexually abusing a 12-year-old three or more times between march 1, 2024, and feb. 13, 2025, according to a mason city police department criminal complaint.

















        
        
            iowa state basketball to begin home-and-home with big 10 powerhouse next season

iowa state will travel to one of college basketball's great venues next season.

















        
        
            high school basketball scoreboard: thursday, feb. 13, 2025

high school basketball scoreboard for thursday, feb. 13, 2025

















        
        
            iowa lawmakers advance bill expanding ban on materials including lgbtq+ topics in schools

bill would extend a law that prohibits curriculum and materials mentioning gender identity and sexual orientation for younger students to include students in grades seven through 12.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            high school wrestling: district results for north iowa area teams


















        
        
            staci buy$ can$ opens monday in mason city


















        
        
            high school wrestling: osage's sonberg notches huge upset in regional finals
















                
                the latest



















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 












        
        
            extreme cold watch affecting iowa tuesday

on sunday at 3:18 a.m. the national weather service issued an extreme cold watch valid for tuesday between midnight and noon. the watch is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright, franklin, butler, …












        
        
            cold weather advisory affecting iowa monday

a cold weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 3:18 a.m. valid for monday between midnight and noon. the advisory is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright, frankli…




















        
        
            mason city boy will be the living hero at celebration of life

the event, from 4-8 p.m., will be a celebration of oz and the generosity of friends and neighbors. the guerrero's have been blessed by many north iowans who have supported them with hot meals, laundry service and a gofundme account to cover expenses. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            teague smith victoey




















        
        
            teague smith victory




















        
        
            color the wind 2025




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.




















        
        
            what did jan jensen tell iowa to power through foul trouble, beat nebraska?

the iowa women's basketball team battled through foul trouble to beat nebraska in lincoln on monday night behind another standout performance from transfer guard lucy olsen.












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            digital ownership: how ethereum is redefining future property rights

contributor content. during the last few years, blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies have heavily impacted industries across the globe. 












provided








        
        
            how to choose the right trampoline

provided content. use this guide to find the best trampoline for you and your family. 




















        
        
            how advanced is ai in understanding human emotions in iowa?

affiliate content. explore how advanced ai has become in understanding human emotions in iowa, and its impact on technology and relationships.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            honey do handy man



                                        730 110th st, kanawha, ia 50447
                                    






























        
        
            north iowa comm school



                                        po box 510, buffalo center, ia 50424
                                    






 website






















        
        
            mickeys chair caning



                                        233 byrnes dr, waterloo, ia 50701
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


globe gazette

britt news tribune

forest city summit

mitchell county press news

up in smoke bbq bash

online features

get healthy




services


contact us

place an ad

activate full access

full access faq

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        globe gazette, po box 271 mason city, ia 50402
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























