   home - factory home center          
skip to content


888.521.7010



search

 



 



 










homeabout usinventoryall modelsby builderschultnorthstarby fhc locationpaynesvilleredwood fallsprincetonby home typemanufacturedmodularcloseoutspackagesfinancinggallerystorage unitsfaqscontact usspotlight home: encore30' x 62' schult manufactured home
1860 sq. ft - 3 bed, 2 bathfeaturing new home options, custom kitchen, and unique floor plan.visit this model home at our redwood falls location

learn more

find your dream home at factory home center
happy valentine's day!stop by during presidents day for a special prize

 360˚ virtual tours50th anniversaryanthonyarizonafiresidefreedomgrandviewgunnisonhickoryhideawayhomesteadhudsonjohnny b gooderooseveltshowstopperspicersprucetempothomasthompsonvillageryukonwhat's happening at fhc?

view our newsletter

sign up below to receive our quarterly newsletter and home building updates
first and last name
please enter your name.
email address
please enter a valid email address.

subscribe!
thanks for subscribing! please check your email for future updates and newsletterssomething went wrong. please check your entries and try again.5 reasons to choose fhc:flexibility to customizeaffordable housingtrustworthy5-star customer servicefriendly & knowledgeable staff

becoming increasingly popular, today’s prefabricated homes are...economical - often built at a fraction of the cost of site-built homes.stylish - eye-catching design is integrated throughout the interior and exterior thanks to an endless list of design possibilities.customizable - enjoy the luxury of whirlpool tubs, fireplaces, wet bars, three-season porches, walk-in closets and other popular amenities.constructed to industry standards - whether a manufactured or modular home, its construction adheres to the same building codes as other home building methods.energy efficient - the advancements in construction materials (windows, doors, insulation, etc.) has not been lost on modular and manufactured homes. we use the same high-end materials you would find in traditional site-built homes.
a leading home center & general contractor for modular & manufactured homesat factory home center we provide home building expertise and a construction process that is second to none. operating with three minnesota locations - paynesville, princeton, and redwood falls - we offer the highest quality factory-built homes on the market (modular and manufactured homes). as a general contractor specializing in home construction, we can build your entire home, just the main floor or any phase within the home project. working toward being your one-stop building center, we offer everything from financing assistance and customizable design to quality construction and timely delivery. when you opt to work with factory home center we can be there to help manage your home build every step of the way.our homes can accommodate anyone’s wish list and come with an unmatched warranty and service guarantee. partnered with industry recognized manufactures, schult homes and northstar systembuilt, both located near us in redwood falls, we are able to draw upon their extensive experience.visit us in paynesville, princeton or redwood falls to tour our display centers. we maintain one of the largest home displays in minnesota and have many decorated model homes ready for immediate viewing. contact factory home center or stop-in and meet one-on- one with one of our friendly, knowledgeable home consultants to get your plans for a new home underway.
~ our reach at factory home center ~from the corn fields of iowa to the lakes of northern minnesota, from the dairy farms of wisconsin to the oil fields of north dakota, we've worked with homeowners all over the upper midwest.




current closeout specials
current specials


3 minnesota locationsfind your new home
inventory


offering a variety of add-onslearn more
packages


what others are saying....
 





“we purchased one of fhc's homes last year, and we couldn't be happier with their service and product. everyone involved in the process was friendly, helpful, and easy to talk to, which was important to us as first-time home buyers. the house is out on the land now and we are loving it”.- sean and caitlin mariette“we are so happy with our beautiful new home. it's far surpassed our expectations! we shopped around for a long time before we decided to go with fhc and we're so glad we did. not only were they a lot less expensive than other builders, but we were able to start with a base model and completely make it our own floor plan. we've had a great experience with fhc and we would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone who asks.”- craig and deb zens“our experience buying our home through factory home center was top notch. they helped us with the whole process and even after our home was delivered, they were there to quickly respond to anything that we asked. they made this a smooth and enjoyable experience. we would highly recommend factory home center to anyone looking at a new home. we absolutely love our new home, and it was truly a gamechanger!! this is really a blessing for us. thank you factory home center.”- dan and pat schmidtke"we had shopped around for our modular home for almost two years. we are so happy to have worked with kathy and kevin at the redwood falls office! we love our new home and appreciate all of the help they both have given us, from designing spaces for accessibility to just reducing the stress of building. thank you!"– neil & tami west (deerwood, mn)"we looked for homes throughout the midwest with no luck. we then considered site building a home until we visited factory home center — redwood falls. kathy was there to greet us at the door with a smile and introduced us to kevin who helped us purchase our new home. factory home center was there to meet us at the site and help us through the process. we purchased in spring, and we moved into our new home in june. now that is fast. thank you to all the people that made this possible. they were amazing. we love our new home."- neil & barb scriver (south shores, sd)"we are so happy we chose factory home center for our new home and would recommend them to anyone. if you are looking for a beautiful home at a very reasonable price and a wonderful set of people to help you, you will not be disappointed with factory home center. we know everyone will have the same outstanding service that we received."– bob & darlene szafranski (foley, mn)"we love our new schult manufactured home. we bought the front kitchen model that we have wanted for many years. the home has so much space and is built with quality inside and out! we went through traci at the paynesville location. traci is a great kind person to work with on your new home choices. you won't be disappointed."– troy & mark"from 1-10 (10 being the best) i would rate my home buying experience from fhc a 10+! from start to finish, the first and second time we purchased homes from them, they were there every step of the way. it is a top-notch experience, and i would highly recommend them!"– r. bakeberg (appleton, mn)"we want to thank everyone at factory home center for all of their assistance in our home buying process. they were so helpful with our questions and taking care of any concerns that we had before, during and even after the home sale. from start to finish this was a smooth process. factory home center is a 5-star business. thanks to factory home center and their entire team, our dream of a home on the lake came true."- reid & leah lebeau (nisswa, mn)"coming into the home buying process we did not know what to think. through it all factory home center was there to answer our calls whenever we needed them. they helped us with the design of our new home, basement foundation and garage. this was truly one stop home shopping. thank you, factory home center we absolutely love our new home."- jerry & melody hoeft (paynesville, mn)"thank you for all your gifts of knowledge and passion for all you do! blessings to all who helped make our dream come true!!"- linda & kevin hall"we would like to thank all of the employees of [factory home center] and their construction staff who designed and built our cabin. from the early planning stages to the home being placed, [factory home center] was always on top of the project and were excellent communicators throughout the entire process. our home was completely finished in 5 weeks from digging dirt to move in ready. our neighbors were amazed of such a timely completion. we would highly recommend [factory home center] to construct your new home, you will not be disappointed."- laurie theis & steve jungers"we wanted to take the time to thank you for helping us with the construction of our lake home this past summer. your professional handling of the building project from start to finish was wonderful. everyone we dealt with was patient, polite and knowledgeable on the building process and options. your home packages were both flexible and very competitive. the home was finished on time and follow up was excellent. most importantly i feel that we were dealt with fairly and honestly. we have recommended you to others and will continue to do so."- james & jennifer schuster"naty and i had shopped around for approximately a year looking for a home to place on our lake property. early on in our quest, we looked at a home on display at [factory home center], liked it and decided to see what else was available in modular home sites. after an extensive search, we came right back to the home we liked at [factory home center]. this was truly an exciting time for us. the outstanding professionalism and excellent service displayed by the [factory home center] staff made buying a home extremely easy and rewarding. naty and i sincerely thank all of you at [factory home center] for your kindness and excellent service. you are all to be commended for a job well done! we really like our new home."- dale a. kittleson"we purchased our modular home from factory home center in paynesville and are very pleased. we were told by friends who had purchased from fhc how pleased they were with their home and the service they received. so when we lost our home of forty years to a fire we didn't hesitate to look at the homes in paynesville.we had a wonderful experience with everyone there and they helped us order the home that met all our needs. we would recommend fhc to anyone, service has been excellent, and everyone has been so nice to us throughout the whole experience. we have a home that we are very proud of. thank you to everyone at factory home center!"- ron & mary frey"from the entire aleckson family, we humbly thank you for all you have done and are still doing to assist us. with all our love and gratefulness."- jay & barb aleckson and family"wow, what can i say except, what a dream come true. twenty-one years ago, we had our new modular home from factory home center that was set on a foundation. on that same day we were blessed with the birth of our granddaughter. our new home was a huge project for us because we had never done anything like this before. we picked a stock model on the fhc lot in redwood falls. it was nice to know exactly what we were getting. we needed permits, basement, plumbing, electrical, etc. thankfully we were guided by our home consultant at fhc through the entire project. we never felt alone.we would definitely buy a home again from factory home center because of their knowledge, experience and for taking the stress out of our new home project."dahms family – redwood falls
designationpaynesville, mn28502 state hwy 55 east
paynesville, mn 56362
find us on the mapredwood falls, mn1600 east bridge street
redwood falls, mn 56283
find us on the mapprinceton, mn2008 1st street
princeton, mn 55371
find us on the mapget in touch 

(all locations)phone: 1-888-521-7010  | fax: 1-888-521-7010  | email: info@factoryhomes.netoffice hours: monday – friday: 8:30am – 5pm saturday: 9am – 3pm
sign up below to receive our quarterly newsletter and home updates!
first and last name
please enter your name.
email address
please enter a valid email address.

subscribe!
thanks for subscribing to our quarterly newsletter!something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.











homeabout usinventoryall modelsby builderschultnorthstarby fhc locationpaynesvilleredwood fallsprincetonby home typemanufacturedmodularcloseoutspackagesfinancinggallerystorage unitsfaqscontact usdealer lic. #md-1728 | contractor lic. bc580962copyright © 2025 pinnacle marketing group | privacy policy
 



 



 




scroll to top                   

