


no. 3 public for undergrad teaching | miami university
























































	skip to main content
	







universal utility links



















main menu























top destinations

 mymiami

 workday

 news and events

 pay my bill

 one stop

 libraries




connect





























sitewide links



























home










your browser does not support html video.


prepare for an amazing future.



















prepare for an amazing future.
















together, we're addressing today's challenges with deep knowledge, bold ideas, and the will to build a brighter tomorrow.
learn more




two miami nursing students credited with helping to save the life of adjunct faculty member during finals week
meet brayden and reed




no. 1
public university in ohio for return on investmentpayscale


top 35
best colleges for future leaderstime


no. 12
four-year graduation rate among all u.s. public universities


no. 12
best schools for internships among all u.s. public universitiesthe princeton review




take your next step
visit apply












explore academic programs
at miami, the programs you choose will open up a wealth of career opportunities — not lock you into one occupation.










undergraduate programs







graduate programs







online programs








miami news
the latest news, events, and more from miami university.





    			    more news
    			    







featured news







campus life
eight ways miami’s center for career exploration and student success has strengthened its efforts to help students









excellence and expertise
myaamia center receives $2.1 million grant to expand national language program for indigenous communities






oxford and beyond
nellie craig walker, miami’s first black graduate, continues to inspire






latest news


campus announcements

ande durojaiye takes on new role as vp for strategy and partnerships



campus life

miami employees recognized for 15, 25, 30 years of service






upcoming events



more events











student spotlights
want to know what the miami experience is all about? meet the people who make miami such a special place.






        			    view all spotlights
        			    













        								        										arnold kamazima ’19
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                                 emerging technology in business and design 
                                            							










        								        										adam smith ’24
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                             institute for the environment and sustainability 
                                            							










        								        										chloe waddle ’25
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                             biology 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                     institute for the environment and sustainability 
                                            							










this is our story. make it yours.








 


undergraduate teaching excellence
discover the rich history and modern achievements of miami university in oxford, ohio!













 


discover summer internships
expand your learning beyond the classroom through internships.













 


the undergraduate research forum
learn about the impact of undergraduate research at miami.













 







you will thrive
a breathtaking campus. an ideal learning environment. immerse yourself in a community that values community. 






            							visit miami
            							
















meet miami u blog
serving up stories, tips, and insider info.






    			get connected
    			









top 5 reasons why you should apply to miami university







love, honor, and traditions: the traditions to know at miami







meet swoop: the tic-tac-toe robot that’s changing how we see robotics





























