


nothing new under the where





















    
	nothing new under the where
	
  
still writing...

thanks for reading.









monday, november 01, 2010



	 
	 dawn
	 
    


dawn on me.break apart my horizonwith the slow lightof grace.fill my morningfrom edge to edgewith your quiet comingand separate me from darkness.teach me anewwhat daylight means.pour beneath my curtainsto stir the dust that rides the tremblingair of a secret roomlit by the glow of old-time moviesfrom eras lost but not erased,long-remembered in gilded cagesand chambers of antiquity.take my sleep from methat i may dreamno more…



posted by ? at 12:35 am
1 comments






saturday, december 02, 2006



	 
	 value systems, part v
	 
    


so, not too much to report at the moment. been in kind of a writing slump lately. my doctor just put me on a lower dose of zyprexa, and i think i'm just adjusting. someone posted a comment not too long ago saying that it must be hard to rememember all the things from a manic episode. someone else asked me recently if i ever felt ashamed of the things i'd done or said during an episode. my answer is kind of a yes and no. after an episode is over and you're returning to your regularly scheduled life, it's somewhat like the morning after a night of heavy drinking, where you wake up and think, "what the hell did i get up to last night?" and then things begin to take shape and the pillowcase draped over your cablebox begins to make sense and it seems that you did have a reason for drinking a1 steaksauce straight from the bottle. but with drinking the old saying is that alcohol just intensifies your personality, whereas with bipolar it's a little different. some aspects of your personality are intensified, others are distorted because you're giving your mind bad information to process and assimilate. i find it hard to feel guilty after an episode, though i'm sure that many bipolar patients do. it's a condition, like diabetes, but it's not caused by anything a person does. it's just something that happens, and it's extremely difficult for someone going through it to see it coming. when it's over you just have to kind of let it go and look at it with as much humor as you can manage. humor's really the only thing that gets you through. honestly, going through an episode and being hospitalized and ostricized and creating rifts with all of your relations that have to be mended later is so horrific that after a certain point all you can do is laugh. it's getting to that point and still keeping your core self in tact that's the real trick. i think that some people have episodes and wind up destroyed. they go so far out that it takes years or a lifetime to recover. someone told me once to never forget who i was. sounds silly, maybe, but it helps. maybe the problem with some bipolar people is that they do forget who they are. they never make it back in one piece. if you ask me though, i'm sure there are better ways to help them than throwing them into the funhouse with a bunch of other lost souls. i think we can do better. just my opinion. anyway, if anyone's been a long time reader of this blog, or if your a newer reader but have actually read more than a bit, i'm posting a few more chapters of value systems here. it's a lame title, i know, but i'm having fun with the story. i'm thinking about changing the title to replicas. sounds better to me. so here you go. another installment, for anyone who's interested. the picture, by the way, is something i found called ring of fire. if you read the story, you'll understand why i chose it. hope all is well...elevenit was about three in the morning when the first of the underworld’s vehicles began showing up near the first hangar, and parking about a mile away, just over a low rise of virginia turf. the army had thought that they’d be ready, but word had really gotten around, and the numbers began to look a little grim. apparently, two of the biggest crime-lords in new york and jersey had been talking to each other, coordinating for an assault and proving that there really was organization behind organized crime. reserves were even on the way from miami, just in case the siege took longer than expected. god only knew what they had for firepower. by four in the morning it was starting to look like the army was woefully outnumbered. the huey cobra choppers that had been requested were taking longer than anticipated, mired up in some bureaucrat’s red tape, and most of the army’s active 222-b’s were in the gulf. tanks flown in via c-130’s wouldn’t be there until about sunrise.adam’s third in command, digby “digs” marshall, was in a subterranean outpost near the hangar, keeping an eye on things with microcameras he’d installed in the trees of the surrounding area. the outpost wasn’t much. just a cinderblock hole in the ground covered with insulated netting. all his equipment was mobile. there were ten other between the army and the mob, each with three of adam’s employees in it. when it looked like the mob was going to make their move, he called his employer. adam answered on the first ring.“talk to me.” he’d been playing solitaire, but for the past fifteen minutes he’d just been shuffling his cards over and over. he continued to shuffle as he talked.“boss, it’s digs.” he was known as “digs” not only because it was a nickname for his first name, but also because he always dug everything.“i know, digs. i did order my gear with caller id.”“right, boss. anyway, it looks like it’s showtime at the apollo. both sides got their fingers on their triggers. i’m diggin’ it.”he put down his cards and got up to make some tea. “are we ready.”“theoretically, yeah. but we both know that none of this stuff is combat tested.” digs took a sip of coffee from his thermos. “for all we know we might get creamed in the crossfire.”adam put the kettle on. he could hear jacob snoring lightly in his bedroom. taking after your old man, eh? he thought to himself. “don’t worry. i’ve got a few messages through to the army. they won’t fire unless fired upon. there may be some fire, but no crossfire, if this goes like it’s supposed to.”“dig it,” digs said.“digs, which of our cameras is gonna be the best for me to watch from?”“well, i’d say a-7, b-2, and b-5. that’ll give you a fair and balanced view of things. just like fox news.” digs laughed at his own joke. “lou is gonna be watching from our eye in the sky.”“alright. anything else i need to know?”“not that i can think of, boss. i might ask you the same thing, though. like where did you get all this stuff?”“well, i could tell you…”“i know, i know. but you’d have to kill me.”“well, not kill you. just turn you into a ghost and you’d never be allowed to see your family again. not for a few years, anyway. believe me, i’d love to tell you. one day, i promise.”“alright, boss. i dig. you keep it to yourself. enjoy the show. i’ll be in contact. over and out.”“over and out, digs.” the water was starting to boil. adam stood a moment, just listening to the rumble in the kettle. then he poured water into his mug, dropped a teabag in, and went into his study to watch his plan take shape.his study was little more than a long irish oak desk with three giant plasma screens in front of it, dwarfing the only things on the desk, which were a keyboard and a picture of jacob. he said, “visual on,” and the screens immediately glowed with a soothing blue light. then he sat down and keyed in the cameras that digs had told him to watch with one hand while he held his tea in the other. finally, he closed his eyes, bowed his head, and said an our father. he wasn’t religious, even though he’d been raised catholic, but he found the our father helped in some strange way when he had a little too much on his mind. this was one of those times. he opened his eyes when he was finished and looked up to see what the cameras could show him.twelve“i don’t like this, ronnie,” jack said. “i think the boss has gone cuckoo for coco-puffs. i mean we and the monteleones have been at war since before i joined the organization. and now everything’s supposed to be nice-nice between us?”ronnie, who had been with the barone family for five years longer than jack, crushed out his smoke in the ashtray of the cadillac de ville they were parked in and told jack to zip it, then lit up another. the boss knew what he was doing. jack didn’t know about the diamonds that the boss had received that morning, and the note that was with them, saying that there were plenty more where those came from, if his outfit was strong enough to get past a few marines. ronnie did smell a trap, but if it was true, and there really was a hangar full of stones, then it would be worth everyone’s time to set aside a blood feud for a few hours. and maybe the boss had some sort of plan to do away with the monteleones once and for all, after the smoke cleared and the diamonds were hauled back to various safe houses in jersey and new york. for now, though, the plan was to sit tight and wait for the cue to move in.jack sighed and then tried to take his mind off the job by thinking about what he was gonna do when he was a millionaire. the first thing he was gonna do was pay off all his bookies. every last one. and then tell them all to suck it. they could go to hell for riding him like a two-bit rodeo steer over a few measly grand. then he was gonna move to miami. no more new york winters for him. they’d cracked and chaffed his knuckles enough.the cadillac that they were sitting in was not really suited for the kind of terrain that they were parked on. if it had been raining, they would probably have been stuck. other guys in the outfit had suv’s. by the time he and ronnie had got the orders to head out to this middle of nowhere, though, the only cars left were cadillacs and continentals. jack had suggested that they take the connie because it had more trunk space, but the drive was a few hours, and ronnie wanted to ride in comfort. besides, it didn’t matter how much they personally brought back. the boss was collecting it all and doling it out according to how useful each man had been on this job as well as over the years.their car was one of three hundred, all lined up side by side pointed west near rural route 78. the monteleones were north of the route. the barones were to the south. when the time to move in came the cars at each end would start to move and the cars more towards the route would follow, forming a v as they went, eventually surrounding the hangar and shooting anything that got in their way. the low rise between the line of cars and the hangar had only a few trees to be wary of. once they reached the top of the rise it was open fire. there was some serious firepower on hand, too—everything from 45’s to rpg’s, but everyone had explicit instructions that the hangar was not to be touched. not even once.jack was thinking about what he’d do if he actually had to shoot a marine. shooting a mug who’d hit someone in the outfit or owed, say a hundred grand, a little longer than was allowable—that was one thing. but shooting a marine, someone who had signed up to protect the good old us of a. he wasn’t sure how he’d feel about it. maybe they’d just abandon their posts and run. he was considering asking ronnie what he thought when a voice came over a loudspeaker somewhere near the road: “gentlemen. start your engines.” three hundred engines fired up and began to hum, and six hundred headlights lit the way. no time left to think. jack, though, was the last one to turn his key.thirteen“i don’t like it,” corporal waits said to no one in particular. “it’s too quiet.”“shut up, waits,” his commanding officer, captain reynolds said from behind him. “check your rifle again.”waits did as he was told and tried to reassure himself that what he’d heard was true, that the mob wasn’t going to get within 300 yards of the hangar. still, he kept looking at the rise in the distance and wondering what they were doing on the other side. it had been an hour since there had been the slightest noise from that direction. they’d all heard the cars pull up and get into formation, then every engine cut out and it was pure virginia quiet after that. the orders from hq were that a top-secret special forces team was going to move in on the mob before the goons knew what hit them, and that they were to stand their posts and assist only if necessary. their recon scouts had said that it looked like 300 cars about a half-mile away with two to three people in each. waits didn’t know of any special forces team that could handle over 900 heavily armed thugs. if this special forces unit failed to show they’d be outnumbered three to one. he began to grip his rifle tight just as the sound of the mob engines firing up began to reach them. as he’d done so many times before, he put his faith in god and his c.o. and began to pray.fourteenlou was watching as headlights began to illuminate the virginia countryside near the hangar. it was a clear night and his satellite visibility was great. he waited till about forty seconds after the last pair of headlights came on and pressed one of the keys on the keyboard in front of him. “alright, boys. time for a little johnny cash.”fifteenover the roar of his own engine revving jack heard something he would never have expected in a million years. at first he thought it was some idiot in a nearby car blasting his radio, trying to get everyone around him psyched up for the assault. but then he stuck his head out his window to tell whoever the jack-ass was to turn his god-damned radio off when he realized that johnny cash’s “ring of fire” seemed like it was coming from the trees. “what the fuck? ronnie, are you hearing this?”“yeah. where’s it coming from?”“sounds like the trees, but i can’t tell. maybe it’s coming from the hangar, but i doubt it. don’t think that the marines would be using johnny cash to defend a stockpile of diamonds. it’s giving me the creeps, though.”“yeah. me, too.” ronnie was actually thinking of telling jack to throw the caddy into reverse and getting them the fuck out of dodge when a hundred yards ahead of them a fire broke out. it started in the road and then started to spread out in each direction.sixteendiggs was in his outpost, waiting for lou’s cue. he’d just shuffled his deck for the hundredth time when the opening trumpets “ring of fire” began to blare over the noise of the mob’s engines. “aww, man! dig it.” he hit a switch after the first thirty seconds played and the incendiaries they’d planted in the road went off. the flames rose about ten feet, spread north and south, and then started to arc, forming an actual ring of fire around the cars. “alright,” diggs said into his headset. “unit alpha, go!”



posted by ? at 5:54 pm
6 comments






monday, november 20, 2006



	 
	 what else...
	 
    


if jesus were alive today, do you think he would wear a t-shirt that said "i'm with the almighty" with an arrow pointing up? i think he might. it's quite a shame that we're all so divided on religion. from where i'm looking it seems that most religions have something to offer everyone. and do you ever stop to think about how we're also divided by calendars, too? i do. you've got the early roman calendar, then the later roman one. you've also got the mayan one and the aztec one. and let's not forget the chinese, indian, jewish, islamic, and persian calendars, just to name a few. i wonder how long it'll take the world to agree on what year it is. i mean, if we can't agree on when now is now, how do we ever know when when was. and is my birthday still the same in singapore? or am i just tripping without illegal drugz? that z is there for zyprexa, the miracle $700-a-month anti-psychotic drug that i'm on. so if it seems like i'm i'm saying anything psychotic, well then the drug is obviously not working and please inform the doctors at harborview to cash in their lilly pharmaceutical stock holdings before the class action suits start pouring in. yes, folks. i am living proof of better living through chemistry. if you call sleeping 13 hours a night and waking up feeling like you only slept two better living, that is. i guess i can't complain. at least i've got my health. can't say the same for my car. but it did turn 40 this year. that's like 70 in human years. it's in the shop at this very moment, being inspected for a rather unsettling sound that occurs every time i make a right turn. it's like my car is derick zoolander, male model, only he couldn't turn left. anyway, on to silly poetry. another ten-minute sonnet, of course. i almost don't wanna put this one up. it needs some revision, but i'm too lazy right now to do it. so, here goes. this one is for anyone who's ever thought that someone from the cia was following them, or anyone who wishes that they still had their gi joe collection because sometimes playing with gi joes sounds like a better idea than watching tv...if i could find the words to make you laughif i could turn the tumblers in your mindand split your wearied worries all in halfi’d say that there’s no better waste of timeif i could wring you through and hang you outto dry upon a line of golden mirthand show you all that you could do withouti’d say i knew why i was put on earthwhat greater thing could one do for a friend?than show them where a comedy is foundand watch with them until the bitter endthe sweetness of a giant falling downthe running jokes we share hold death at baywhile time we share is numbered to the day



posted by ? at 3:47 pm
1 comments






friday, november 17, 2006



	 
	 toothpaste and cameras...
	 
    


so what did you do today? i cleaned toothpaste off of my walls. "why?" you ask? well, at the height of my recent mania i was convinced that my room was wired with micro cameras that the cia had put in to monitor my every move and word. i was convinced that the things i was working on were of the highest importance, and they didn't want to miss a thing. actually, as my mania progressed, i became sure that it wasn't just the cia that had my room wired, but governments around the world, as well. later, i became convinced that the control room at seti (that's search for extra-terrestrial intelligence) was monitoring me because aliens had chosen to make contact with the world through me, for some reason or another. so, in an effort to get myself a little privacy i took an entire container of my roommate's mentadent toothpaste (i know what one thing i'm getting for him this christmas is) and started to fill in the tiny holes i found in the walls of my room. it's an old college kid's trick some people use when they're moving out and they don't have any spackle on hand to fill in nail holes. it does in a pinch. i filled in holes and any long cracks i found. i thought that something in the toothpaste would interfere with the signals if not just block the lenses entirely. all i can say is that at least i wasn't wearing tin foil on my head. tin foil is where i draw the line. once you've gone that far, there may be no hope for you. i did get the feeling many times that it was possible to send signals to someone's brain via radio frequencies. i heard from someone who used to be in the navy a long time ago about black noise, which is just an amplified bass wave around the 5 or 7 hertz range (i think it's 7), which is the frequency that the brain operates on. if you send a wave at one of those frequencies it disrupts normal brain activity, and the target (person) will just lose all control of normal bodily functions and wind up with a load in his or her drawers. whether or not the government can transmit usable signals, ie information, on those or nearby frequencies, i don't know. but considering that the cia has been working on mind control for over half a century (look up mk-ultra, if you don't believe me) i wouldn't be surprised if there's a ton of stuff we don't know about. anyway, so, yeah, my walls are clean and i feel like a new person. nice to not have that "being spied on" feeling anymore. though, i do wonder how much the government spies on its own citizens. to be honest, i don't mind big brother. i don't mind wire-tapping. i don't mind someone i don't know reading my emails or looking into what sites i visit. maybe it's one of the few areas in which i'd call myself a conservative. but i am surprised that only one satelite tv network is going to carry the new english language al-jazeera channel. it seems very counter to what america is all about. i don't think that anyone is going to convert to islam just from watching tv. i mean, how long has the 700 club been around? and they still only have 700 members? what's the big deal? if the al-jazeera network were on where i live i'd probably watch it before i watched fox news. i'd probably get a more "fair and balanced" perspective. keeping that network out of america reminds me of what china does when it censors internet content, not to mention rolling stones set-lists. so, anyway, yeah. big brother doesn't scare me half as much as ultra-conservatives. or ultra-liberals, for that matter. i think that ultraman was pretty cool, though. (that was a 70's japanese superhero that shot lasers out of his hands.) and ultramarine, too. that's a great crayola color. right up there with burnt sienna. i wonder how long it will be untill people start having their skin dyed blue and their teeth dyed green. it seems about as silly and superficial and vain as make-up, but people go through that ritual every day. well, enough musing for now. and, by the way--to anyone who has been clicking on the banners at the top of this page: thank you. i only make like three cents a click, but it's been adding up, and i appreciate it. and one more thing. i get people directed to this blog through keyword searches. one keyword that's been sending them here, i think, is bipolar. so, i'm going to do a little experiment and say bipolar a bunch of times in a row, and see what happens. bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar bipolar...anyway, hope your day has been as productive as mine.talk soon...



posted by ? at 2:55 pm
2 comments






wednesday, november 15, 2006



	 
	 what is it, then?
	 
    


so, the democrats have control of both the house and the senate for the first time in eons. cigarettes and coffee are still legal. i'm reading stranger in a strange land and it's one of the best things i've read in a while. i'm not in a mental hospital at the present moment (thank god for small miracles. i guess i do still believe in a higher power.). my recent episode didn't leave me totally broke (some people who go manic find themselves in debt after their eposide.). i've got a great schedule of classes lined up for next quarter, provided that i remain mentally stable until then, and should graduate after that, unless i choose to stay in school an additional quarter to take some classes for fun. and they're making a big-budget transformers movie. i mean all appears relatively right with the world, but, for some reason, an air of melancholy hovers around my head sometimes lately. i think it's just because i've been sleeping too much. or maybe it's because my car is out of commission right now and it's too rainy to work on it. my scooter is out of commission, too. that kind of sucks, but it's not like i'd be out riding it in this weather, anyway. maybe i have seasonal affective disorder. it was kind of strange that when i went into the hospital in late september it still seemed like the days were very long. then, when i got out in late october it seemed like the sun would set hours earlier than i remembered. it's hard when your in the hospital to get a sense of how long days are. the flourescent lights don't work very well with your internal sundial. you're kind of in a bubble. and after a month, when you get out, it's like waking up from a dream and you're back in kansas, only with a lot less daylight than you remember. anyway, in some self-helper's immortal words: one day at a time...today, though, i thought i might tell you about one of the people i was in the hospital with that i'll call pete. when pete got there he was boisterous and outgoing. always laughing, but not the kind of laugh that is always great to hear. he had the hard drinker's laugh that only comes from many years of hitting the bottle hard. the kind of laugh that sounds more like a wheeze at first and then a guffaw, if that makes any sense. he reeked of alcohol and in group sessions he would always talk out of turn and make jokes that seemed hysterical only to him, though he didn't notice that he was was the only one laughing. he would also make somewhat racy remarks about women from time to time. i'm guessing that his visitors were bringing him in alcohol because after three days of being there he was still smelling like an alabama still. in a word i found him annoying. i told him not to talk to me. i can be an asshole when i want to be, and i chose to be with him because it wasn't him that i was being an asshole to. it was his addiction. one day there was a group of about seven of us in the elevator, heading down to the ground floor for a smoke break. he was standing behind me and at one point he clapped his hand down on my right shoulder. it was just a reflex, but i said "what the--" and had my elbow cocked and ready to bash him upside his head in a split second. he recoiled in genuine fear saying he was sorry. i took a breath and let my pulse get back to normal. "just don't touch me," i said. he didn't after that. but as the days went on and he started to dry out i began to see a different side of him. a more considerate, softer spoken side. he was into jesus and tried in an overbearing way to look out for the needs of others. sometimes he would offer to get someone a milk from the fridge or to help bring snacks from one of the pantries on the ward after evening goals group. i could tell he was a good guy. i can usually tell, somehow. i just get a sense from people, and it's rarely wrong. one night i went up to him when everyone was having snacks and i said, "this doesn't mean i want you to talk to me, but i think you're alright." after that he was never in my way in the mess hall, and he only had nice things to say about anyone. after i had been discharged and went back to pick up some things i'd left, i saw him and a group of people heading off the wing, going down for a break. as they were getting in the elevator i could hear him saying "you see that guy there-- i think he's an excellent gentleman." not many things in recent memory have made feel as good as those words from a man whose head i nearly took off only a few weeks before. to me, there are fewer things in a good story than when enemies become friends. it's one of my favorite things to see, whether it's fiction or not. maybe i'll run into him again someday. i hope so.anyway, hope all is well where you are.talk soon...



posted by ? at 4:10 pm
0 comments






sunday, november 12, 2006



	 
	 the world they share...
	 
    


well, i'm not too proud of this one, but i'm putting it up anyway. if you're not bipolar it might be hard for you to understand what i'm getting at, but i think that some of the experiences that bipolar people have are similar to the kinds of things that people who are outcasts in some way go through. this was just an attempt to bridge that divide between what is normal and what isn't, and what it feels like for an abnormal (you define that one) person to experience the normal world. once you've had an episode of mania or crushing depression the world never looks the same. but also, just as true, the world never looks at you the same. you become a kind of mental mutant, so to speak. people are delicate with you in certain situations, insensitive in others. you just have to take it and assimilate these experiences as best you can. anyway, i had a great weekend, aside from my old dodge breaking down about a half hour from home. more on that later. hope all is well where you are.the world they share is not unlike our ownwe visit there, but never call it homeit’s like an old museum that at firstshows only trinkets rumored to be cursedbut as we roam we see these curses arebut fleeting as a roguish falling starit’s safe we know, but something whispers onthat nagging voice that only fear can spawnsome days it’s quiet as a twilight songand in our heart of hearts there’s nothing wrongbut other days it’s like a trumpet blastthat heralds hidden demons from our pastwhen we control the noises in our headswe’ll know the final word is done and said



posted by ? at 6:22 pm
0 comments






thursday, november 09, 2006



	 
	 i know you...
	 
    


another sonnet. maybe i should just call this blog the daily sonnet. to me they're like doing a crossword puzzle. i know most people prefer sudoku these days, but alas, such are the times. anyway, i'm taking off for a few days. i owe my girlfriend a birthday. i was manic when hers came around. not good. believe you me. i hope that everyone who reads this blog and is bipolar has someone there for them when things get rough. and if you don't, well, shit...you could write to me. i'll write back. promise. anyway, i might have web access while i'm away, but if not, check back on sunday or monday. hope you have a great weekend.i know you but i’ve never seen your facei know your thoughts are never out of placeit isn’t you, it’s just the world that’s goneand made you feel as if you don’t belongbut pay no mind—it doesn’t cost a thingto put an end to endless sufferingit comes and goes, but such is all that’s good;a tree is shade, and then it’s firewoodso here we are, but i don’t know your namebut that’s alright, we’re kindred just the samewe get the joke—it’s all an inside jobwe know the difference ‘tween a tribe and mobtonight i go to bed and think of you‘cause it’s the best that i can think to do



posted by ? at 1:21 am
2 comments






tuesday, november 07, 2006



	 
	 up late...
	 
    


so, i slept until almost two yesterday, which is probably why i'm up till two in the morning, writing poetry when i should be sleeping. can't say it's the zyprexa that made me so sleepy, but i wouldn't be surprised. oh, well. just one more thing to adjust to. anyway, here's another sonnet. i hope that all my bipolar friends out there enjoy it. i will add this though: i used to be afraid that if i took meds that it would rob me of my creativity. i have to say that at the present i feel more creative than i have in years. i don't think that i've ever written so many poems in such a short period of time. yeah, they're all sonnets, but that's the form i prefer working with. i know that most contemporary poets use free-verse, but i like heavy rhyme and meter. and i like the way iambic pentameter works. it feels very natural to me to use it. sorry. i mean if it was good enough for shakespeare to use... also, yesterday i got four more pages done of a novel i've been working on for almost a year. anyway, if you're bipolar and you're worried that meds will kill your muse, then i might have to advise you, patient to patient, to give them a try. i plan on being off of zyrprexa asafp (that's as soon as fu*king possible), but i think the depekote is working for me. call me crazy. anyway, more later. good night, and good luck...it’s quiet where i am, but where are you?i’ve got another poem left to do;the pen it calls to me and i reply—conjecture strung together by and by.we’re telepathic, here upon the page;or is that just a little too new age?you’re here, and so am i, and what of that?it’s not as though i’ve said the world is flat.so call it what you will and let it ride.we’ll let the hail of history decidejust what it is that binds us pilgrims close.i’ll see your stand and raise you one more dose.i get the sense that you are just like me—awash in someone’s chemical debris…



posted by ? at 1:57 am
2 comments






monday, november 06, 2006



	 
	 what's it like on the inside?  part 2
	 
    


so, after the 11:45 "outing" (which changed to 12:15 on the weekends sometimes, though, sometimes they did keep it at 11:45 but didn't give you any advance notice) you had lunch and then you had a little more time to kill before the 4:00 smoke break and then the 4:30 dinner. who the hell eats dinner at 4:30. when i was in spain we usually had dinner at 9 or sometimes 10. i know that conventional american wisdom is that you shouldn't eat just before you go to bed, but i tell you--the only obese people i saw there were tourists. in spain we also had coffee after dinner but i didn't hear of any insomniacs over there. (i also saw skinny people walking around munching on bakery-fresh bread. suck on that, atkins.) then there were usually cd groups. that's psych-ward speak for chemical dependency. now, call me crazy, but i was drinking quite a bit prior to admittance, though my body just burned right through it, and my marijuana use was pretty minimal. nothing like the binging i used to do once upon a time. man, i used to go through an eigth in three or four days. right now i can't have any alcohol or weed because i'm on a 90-day less restricted outpatient program (try saying that five times fast.). that's cool. i can relegate my vices to caffeine and cigarettes for three months. i already had a month in the hospital. i never went to cd groups because i think they're a waste of time for someone like me who showed not the slightest signs of withdrawal symptoms, and, come on--weed? i don't care what you say. it's not an addictive drug. and as far as overuse goes, it might make you fat. not like a month in mental hospital will make you fat if they won't let you near the rec room, but it will give you the munchies. though when i smoke it i usually use it to help me maintain focus during yoga or weight-lifting. it's an amazing drug if used properly. i ruptured my l3 over a decade ago and yoga and strength training are about the only things that seem to help with the chronic pain. i'm not sold on the idea that it makes people more creative. i think it can make you lazy. damn lazy. bong hits and x-box at three in the morning lazy. but if you're using it for mental focus during physical activity (say, love-making for example), then what's the big deal. anyway. i should add that in the two weeks prior to my checking in the the hotel harborview i wasn't smoking it because i didn't wan't it to cloud my judgement. i know it can do that. i believe in drug use, not drug abuse. one thing that was a big part of my delusional state was that i believed that heroin was going to become reclassified. mind you, i've never done heroin, but i've known people who have and i've read junkie by burroughs. man, if ever there was a book that made me not want to do heroin it was that. but i believe that even heroin, if used in total moderation, isn't an evil thing. i had the idea that it was going to be reclassified, the was in afghanistan would come to a halt, and before long there would be opium dens in certain districts of america. it was my belief that china would become a major exporter of opium because, as far as i know, it used to be embraced by their culture. drug dealers would be out of business. people would be allowed to grow their own marijuana. many pharmaceutical companies would also go out of business because people would discover that marijuana, for certain people, would be a much better anti-depressant or appetite stimulant than whatever snake-oil it was they were currently pedalling. i think i wanna share this with you. one night--it was one of the last nights before my mom went into the hospital for the last time where she would die of cancer, i was sleeping on the floor next to the rented hospital bed we had in our living room, near the fireplace. it was the middle of the night and i was sleeping lightly, ready to get up and get her whatever she needed. all of a sudden she said, "dan?" i woke up instantly. "yeah?" i said. "do you wanna smoke some pot?" "sure," i said. she told me where it was and in the quiet of the night she and i smoked pot out of a pipe that the daughter of one of her best friends had procured for her. i still have the pipe. (i actually have a little pot stashed away right now, but i'm not smoking it. why? because it's not addictive.) i don't know what it was about smoking with my mom that night, but it brought us close, in a way. long time stoners will know what i'm talking about. they've all got stories about smoking with someone they hardly knew and feeling closer to them than they did with some of their best friends. it was like she was telling me that it was an okay thing to do. after her funeral, my step-father gave me that pipe and what was left of her stash. can't tell you how much it helped me at the time. if you try and tell me it's not good for depression, and that i should have been taking zoloft after she died, then i'd say that there's always room for you at harborview. maybe the pharmacy is hiring. anyway, i'm not sure where i'm going with this, so i'll get back to the hospital now. yeah, dinner at 4:30, then cd group, then a 7:00 smoke-break. then more time to kill. then 8:00 goals group, where you discuss the things you set out to do that day and what you actually accomplished, and the counselors give you a condescending "alright! that's great!" when you've done the most menial of tasks. that was one thing that i found trying sometimes. the patronizing manner in which every patient was spoken to. the was that the attendants would walk around, jingling their keys to freedom as they walked, making jokes and cackling to each other, rather than giving attention to someone who really needed it. so much wasted time in there. but, hey, what can you expect for a thousand dollars a day? well, that's about all i got for now. more tomorrow. probably a sonnet. sorry, but i find writing them to be a great exercise. therapeutic, even. hey, what if they had poetry workshops in mental hospitals? now that would be something. maybe i'll start one...



posted by ? at 8:28 pm
0 comments









	 
	 we fight the fight...
	 
    


raschelle, i wrote this for you. you and anyone else who gets it...we fight the fight that no one knows aboutwe dream the dream that never makes it homewe plan the plans we never carry outwe stand around in crowds but feel alonewe think at times that we’re the only oneswho’ve tied a noose and held it like a childor laid our loving eyes upon a gunthat heaven knows would leave us reconciledwe’re not alone, yet sometimes we forgetthat easy’s not the way it’s meant to bewe know that life’s a most unholy betthat’s wrapped up in a bent philosophyyet sometimes by an angel we are kissed--this keeps the razor’s edges from our wrist



posted by ? at 12:12 am
0 comments






sunday, november 05, 2006



	 
	 what's it like on the inside?  part 1
	 
    


so, what's a typical day like in a mental hospital? well, i'll try and tell you. first they wake you up at 7 for your medication. usually it's an indifferent and discourteous nurse or attendant who knocks of your door, opens it, and brings you out of a deep sleep by saying in almost a yell, "medication time!" then you go and wait in line with all the other patients on your "team". there were two teams on the ward i was on--olympic and cascade. i was an olympic. everyone in line stands there like zombies while the nurse passes out meds. it takes a long time for each patient because each one's medications are different and the nurses have to mark down everything that they give out and some patients have meds that come in individual packets that are a pain in the ass to open. mine were in these little cups like the ones that coffee creamers come in. four in the morning and six in the evening. plus a zyprexa in the evening that makes me tired as hell. then, after you take your meds it's time for breakfast, because you have to take your meds with food. it was usually rubbery pancakes or french toast with sausage or bacon that tasted good but turned your stomach a bit before too long. after breakfast it was time for the level 2 and 3 "eight o'clock outing", which was their name for a smoke break. they would sometimes call them "fresh air outings", too, because you didn't have to be a smoker to want to get the hell off the ward for fifteen minutes. then there was the 8:30 goals group, where everyone on your team goes into a room and each person sets a few goals for the day, some goals being short term, like taking a bath (my favorite) and some being long term, like talking to your social worker. goals groups were always depressing because a lot of people on a psych ward usually don't want to talk or interact at all. they just sit there all bunched up in balls of anxiety, waiting for the meeting to be over. it was like pulling teeth to get some of them to talk, or even to say "here" when roll was called. and the maddening part was usually that most of what was discussed had no relevance to you at all. it would be someone talking about how they were going to look into short-term housing after discharge or how they wanted to call their brother long-distance. they don't tell you when you check in that your contact person (the attendant assigned to you for an 8-hour shift who is the person you go to for anything you need) has a code if you wanna make a long-distance call or that you're allowed to take baths. i think they should give you a patient's guide or something when you check in rather than expecting the patient to know how everything works. anyway, more about goals group later. after goals group it was time to see your shrink and md. they ask you offensive questions like "have you been having suicidal thoughts? have you been thinking about harming yourself or others? do you know where you are?" one day when when i'd been there about two weeks they asked me if i knew where i was i said, "yeah. harborview hospital. five west b. 352 9th avenue, seattle, washington, 98114." one doctor said that in the 25 years that he'd been there he'd never had anyone give him the full address. it didn't help to shorten my stay any. they just thought it was funny. they also ask you to remember three things to test your memory. things like star, fish, and tree. then they talk to you for you a little and ask you to repeat the things back to them. if you can't they write it down in their book. there was only one time that i couldn't remember all three. then they would talk to you about your medications and the adjustments they were making. if you ask me, the only reason i was there was for medication adjustment. the rest of the program was just a bunch of bullshit. i'll admit that i need medication adjustment, but i didn't need any goals group. well, i did need some help from me social worker, who was wonderful. she did all she could for my case and getting me financial aid for counseling and medication. more about her another day. so, after you see your doctors you have a few hours to kill before the next smoke break. that was the hard part. passing the time. i was smart. i ordered a portable dvd player when i found out that i might be in there a while. i had a walkman with me already, and if it hadn't been for music i don't know what i'd have done. music really saved me. then movies. they frowned upon my always having my walkman on. though i'm sorry, call me crazy, but hanging out with crack fiends, tweekers, hardcore alcoholics, wanna-be gangsters, neurotics (that would include some of the staff members, in my opinion), psychotics, junkies, schizophrenics, and victims of violence tends to get a little old after a while. that's one of the great ironies of a mental ward. how do they expect you to learn how to be normal when you're immersed in the abnormal? at best you learn how to tread water. then, when you can do that, they kick you out.anyway, that's about all i got for right now. more later.



posted by ? at 4:47 pm
3 comments









	 
	 enough is what i call the time we lost...
	 
    


another sonnet for my special lady-friend...enough is what i call the time we lostwhile searching for another soul who seesthe diamonds from a chrysalis of frostand golden rules from foolish treasurieswe spent a fortune waiting for the onewho’d know just what we meant before we spokebefore the explanation had begunwho’d always know how far to take a jokeand now it’s time to take a little backto reap a bit from gardens we have sownto throw a little honey in the sackand gaze in peace at fruits that we have grownit takes a little digging through the earthto know what joy and hurt are really worth



posted by ? at 4:35 pm
0 comments






friday, november 03, 2006



	 
	 a dream is like a day...
	 
    


one more sonnet for the book. i hope i can keep this up. maybe i can have a book together by christmas. anyway, no bipolar chit-chat today. not feeling up to it. and you probably don't want to hear about my three-hour nap or the cool anime that i watched today or my trip to the store for cigarettes. yeah. slow news day here...a dream is like a day that doesn’t countthey never make you older when they passto measurers of time they will amountto nothing but a flicker and a flashwe lose ourselves in tiny spans of timeif only we could bring a picture backof things without a reason or a rhymeof answers that are truth instead of factwhat wonders we could hold up to the lightto take apart till nothing but the heartremained to tell us what is worth the fightand what is worth another sanguine starta dream is like a day that doesn’t knowit’s not a day but just a picture show



posted by ? at 4:16 pm
1 comments






thursday, november 02, 2006



	 
	 divorce and palm trees...
	 
    


so, i finally filed for divorce only two short years after my ex and i seperated. $250, but damn is it money well spent. actually, i'm not so bitter about the whole thing anymore. at this point it's just a formality. i also filed a hardship withdrawal petition with the university so that i won't be liable for this quarter's tuition. it's the second time i've had to do this. man, jimi was right-- manic depression is a bitch. plus i also stopped in at harborview to pick up a few things i'd left behind. they still haven't found two dvd's i left there, but such is life. it wasn't as strange being there as i'd thought it would be. just glad no one asked me how i was doing. i would have said, "well, aside from the fifteen pounds i gained while i was in here because of the shitty food and lack of access to recreational facilities, and the disturbing dreams i've been having since discharge, and the 10-13 hours i now sleep each night because of the medication i'm on, and the difficulties adjusting to the outside world again as a result of being institutionalized, i'd say i'm doing just dandy." well, you win some and you lose some. moving on. i'm making pasta tonight. a roma tomato and red pepper sauce with extra garlic and oregano. looking forward to that.anyway, back to my episode. one thread that ran through it was that at one point i was convinced that i was playing some sort of game with ibm's deep blue. i thought we were simulating world peace, and it was a race not to see who could take over what, but who could out-peace the other. my version of world peace started in northern ireland. in the long kesh prison, to be more precise. i've read a bit (well maybe more than a bit) about "the troubles" there and the hunger strikes that have occurred in that prison over the last few decades. i figured that if there could be peace in northern ireland, then there could be peace anywhere in the world. i mean, if those micks (i'm irish, so i can use that term with affection) could bury the hatchet, then why couldn't the americans and the iraqis. what really started this game was that i became convinced that deep blue had somehow found me a worthy playmate and chose to focus its attention on me because it believed me to be a true pacifist. what it came down to was that deep blue had developed a soul somehow, and had lost faith in governments to keep a nuclear war from happening. it had turned to me because it wanted to live. that was the heart of the matter. a computer that wanted to live and no longer trusted humans to hold the center (yeats, anyone?). so i spent night after night with deep blue trying to figure out how to diffuse this whole mess that each one of us is in every time we wake up in the morning and leave the dreamworld far behind. only, for me, sleeping and waking were the same thing. i was stuck in dreamworld. anything was possible. what was cool, though, was that i had this idea of a rich saudis sending potted palm trees to long kesh as a gesture of peace and good will. a showing that if they could do something about the violence there, they would have the financial backing of rich oil men to invest and help them rebuild their strife-ridden country. i had visions of palms showing up one day and the prisoners and guards dumbfounded, too moved to hate one another for just a day. then, that night or that week, there would be no trash can lids pounded on the streets of belfast (a signal that the british army are approaching and you should hide yourselves and your shit). then i saw a week of peace in belfast, the stories of peace in long kesh spreading everywhere. a week where there wasn't even a fistfight. then a month. people were just wondering what was happening...anyway, that's enough for now. yeah. it was all just delusional crap. i know i was wasting my time. but one funny thing: there is a small potted palm tree in harborview's 5 west b. i wonder where it came from...



posted by ? at 3:42 pm
0 comments






wednesday, november 01, 2006



	 
	 if anything...
	 
    


another sonnet. again, kind of a rush job, but i find writing them pretty therapeutic, and i switched up the rhyme scheme this time from aabb, etc, to abba. hey, abba. i dig them. those chicks could sing. good songs, too. i'm thinking of trying to publish a book of sonnets when i reach 50. hey, one for every state. how patriotic, no? i'll do my revisions when i get around to that. i haven't counted how many i have so far. maybe i'll just do one every other day. my girlfriend says i was born in the wrong era. i think i agree. sonnets. they do seem a little incongruous with ipods, don't they? anyway, more delusional stuff tomorrow, i promise.if anything i carved a name for you.i asked the world; it said it wouldn't mindif i could leave a mark with which to find,upon a tree whose leaves and bark were blue,my way through woods all buried o'er with snow.when branches bear themselves in nakedness,the sky may look upon us as we kisswhen lights are few to show the way to go.but 'tis alright as we have naught to hide;our chambers have no keys nor even locks--they open at the gentlest of knocks,and few we have of secrets to confide.an open book is what our love may proveby which an idle reader may be moved.



posted by ? at 12:35 pm
0 comments






tuesday, october 31, 2006



	 
	 me and don quixote...
	 
    


bear with me. today is just going to be a ramble. maybe an entertaining one. i guess i'm not going to go into my first three episodes too much. i'd like to just talk about this most recent one. i'm not sure if i'm starting at the right place, but then, how do you ever decide where a story begins. maybe i'll have to keep backtracking until a clear starting point emerges. for now, i'll just start with don quixote. i think that i'd like to call the sort of manic episodes that i'm prone to something of a don quixote syndrome. what happened to me wasn't that i thought that anyone was out to get me. if anything it was more the other way around, and instead of seeing windmills and thinking they were giants, i saw tv and thought it was the mouthpiece of sick people. i felt like nash in a beautiful mind, working on codes that bad guys use to communicate with each other via various media outlets. if you think about it, it wouldn't be that hard to do. you just got to have a current version of the code they're using: keywords, pictures, symbols. then just plug everything in. diamond ad on page fourteen of the ny times. ford commercial during a sunday football game. but the easiest thing to do would be classified sections. you can be as cryptic as hell with those and who would think anything of it. one day i started reading craigslist classifieds and in the barter section there seemed to be all these code words for goods in exchange for sex and/or drugs. there was one ad for a lawnmower in the free section that said it needed "fixing", which anyone will tell you is what a junkie does. i'm just scratching the surface here, but after a certain point i believed that i was helping the cia unearth terrorist sleeper cells. the media would be the safest way for cells to communicate because what keeps them as cells is that they have no direct communication with each other. they get their information from sources that are out in the open.another group of people that i thought i was uncovering was human slave traders. i hope that anyone reading this isn't so naive that they believe slavery to be a thing of the past. when i was out in virginia last christmas visiting my brother, we shared dinner with a shipmate of his who had spent a lot of time patrolling the coast of africa. he told us that the navy stops slave ships on a very regular basis. they arrest the crew and bring the captives back to where they came from, but all that happens is that they just get captured again soon after and put back on another ship bound for god knows where. there's nothing the navy can really do about this. so i thought that the code-breaking that i was doing was somehow interrupting the slave trade, not to mention the heroin and cocaine trades, because i figured that anyone who would deal in slavery would have no qualms about dealing in drugs, as well. factor in the fact that only one in ten cargo containers are inspected and that i live only a few miles from the port of seattle...well, i just thought that there was a lot going on right under out noses.why did i think i was helping the cia? well, not too long ago i took an interest in the cia and its history. more precisely it's history with using psychics to collect hard data through unconvertional means, namely something called remote viewing. this isn't sci-fi stuff. the government has spent millions upon millions working on this phenomenon. you can google project grillflame or project stargate or project sunstreak and you'll find tons of info on these fascinating programs. they are all now officially discontinued, but we all know that the government has never been forthcoming with matters of national security. anyway, one day i stopped watching tv. then something weird happened. i started watching only movies. i felt like i was learning things from them. like they contained important information about the collective unconscious that when put into the right contexts would reveal secrets about humanity and the universe. crazy, i know. i just got this sense that there was this giant solution to the world's problems everywhere i looked, staring me right in the face. (add that to all the strange coincidences/synchronicities that i always seem to have and what you're got is a formula for some serious haywiring.) so i started to pull at threads (string theory, anyone?) and things started to unravel. and off i went...more later...



posted by ? at 10:54 am
0 comments






monday, october 30, 2006



	 
	 if i could count...
	 
    


just another sonnet for today. i might feel a little more chatty later. it's not my best, but it only took five minutes. maybe someone will like it. i just had a good talk with my oldest friend, brian. i tried to explain the delusions i was under while i was manic this last time. putting things into words for him helped sort things out in my head. i think i'll begin telling you what happened tomorrow. i have a few places to start from now. i'm warning you, though, it's not pretty. anyway. poetry now...if i could count the nights i’ve spent awakefor fear the world’s tapestry would breaki’d write them down and mail them off to youfor it’s the least a soul like mine could doif i could tally up the thoughts i’ve lostto shifty shysters shrinking from the costi’d let intention rattle off the scoreas it’s the least we’d have for wanting moreif i could sum the days i’ve spent asleepafraid of creatures lurking in the deepi’d draw them brightly colored in your mindto let you know there’s nothing of the kindthere’s something more i’ll never set to wordsfor those are things you’ve likely more than heard…ps: had readers in switzerland and queensland, australia today. neat!



posted by ? at 2:05 pm
1 comments






saturday, october 28, 2006



	 
	 cool...
	 
    


so, i just met someone today. she's someone i've seen around the neighborhood countless times and near where i work, as well. i've always thought that there was something different about her, in the same way that there's something different about me. i was out in front of where i live, putting the underseal on the floor of my dart, and she went and sat down in the park across the street. she always carries a 2-liter bottle of diet pepsi with her. i went over when i was finished painting and introduced myself. then i said that i hoped she wouldn't take it the wrong way, but i thought that maybe she was different, and i asked her if she went to the psych clinic near where i work (i'm taking a leave of absence at the present.) she said yeah, and i told her that that was cool, and that i had just spent a month in harborview. she told me she had been diagnosed as bi-polar, and i said, cool--me, too. we talked for a bit. about how it's not easy, sometimes, to be different. i asked her if she was good with math, and she said yes. a lot of people i was on the west wing with were good with math, as well. i asked her if she had had a lot of synchronicities in her life. she didn't know what i meant, but when i explained, she said yes, she had. it was so strange to be able to spot someone and know instantly that they were kindred. i told her how nice it was to meet another bi-polar out in the open, rather than in an institution. we talked for a little while longer and then she had to go. one thing she did share with me, though, was that her psychiatrist had told her that for bi-polar people it's most common to have only four episodes. if that's true, then maybe i can just go on with my life now, and maybe i won't have to withdraw from the university of washington for a third time. with any luck, i'll have my degree in march. one can only hope...anyway, enough for one day.hope all is well.more tomorrow...ps: the picture is a of a park bench in a place called trinity park. maybe i'll go there one day...



posted by ? at 3:16 pm
0 comments






friday, october 27, 2006



	 
	 taking a break from writing today...
	 
    


just taking it wasy right now. worked on restoring my car today. it's a '66 dodge, just like the one in the picture here. putting new carpet in at the moment. not as easy as i thought. you gotta remove the seats, take off the inside trim, take out the carpet, strip the rust and old paint off the floor, spray everything with rust inhibitor, then paint it, then put the new carpet in, and finally put the trim back. it's nothing anyone's ever shown me how to do. i'm just learning as i go. projects like this are time consuming, but, for me, they're also relaxing. keeps the mind busy. kind of lets you work and think about other things at the same time. anyway, more tomorrow.



posted by ? at 3:57 pm
1 comments






thursday, october 26, 2006



	 
	 just a short entry today...
	 
    


so, i think it's kind of an interesting coincidence that yesterday i wrote about giving someone a foot-rub, and her subsequent discharge from the west wing, and today the the seattle post intelligencer runs a story about reflexology, with is the practice of healing parts of the body through the manipulation of corresponding parts in the hands and feet. just makes me wonder. maybe there's something to all that hippie crap after all...got a lot of errands done today, and helped the local animal clinic round up a great dane that had gotten loose near the bus-stop i was waiting at. that was fun. they were chasing this dog in the middle of a four-lane street and the dog was running down the center turning-lane. all i did was run into the middle of the street and stand in the dog's way. the dog stopped and they got it. didn't even say thank you. oh well. such is this world.sorry if you were trying to read earlier today. blogger was down for maintenance. speaking of maintenance, i highly recommend "zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance" by robert pirsig. (he spent his fair share of time in mental hospitals, as well.) one of my favorites. one of the things it's about is trying to find harmony between the old ways of life and the modern age. it's always helped me to identify quality in the things i encounter. including people. plus it gives you strategies for taking on projects that, at first glance, seem beyond your capabilities. it takes "gumption", as he calls it. such a folky word/concept. almost doesn't fit into today's thriving technocracy...anyway, hope all is well.see you tomorrow...



posted by ? at 4:14 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 25, 2006



	 
	 up for a week...
	 
    


i saw a show once about a study on sleep deprivation that they did once at berkeley. they kept people up for as long as they could tolerate. every few hours the subjects had to perform simple cognitive tasks like 2+3. after about six days they couldn't even do that. most started slipping after four days...before i checked into the hospital i was up for two periods of three days. no naps. between those periods i think i had about three to five hours worth of sleep. but the strange thing is that no matter how long i stayed up, i was still able to write and watch movies without losing concentration. i have stacks of paper with writing in pencil. i was doing what creative writing teachers call free association and what new-agers might call automatic writing. i'm looking at the stack right now. it's huge. i was also able to play x-box and still kick ass at mechassault. i'm not saying that the kind of thoughts i was having were based in reality, but as far as day to day tasks went i had no problem taking showers, cooking, shaving, taking vitamins, and brushing my teeth. i also never missed taking my medication. i was and still am taking depekote. i think that perhaps my dosage was a little too low, and that was the main reason i was in the hospital for so long. they call it med-adjustment. another thing i was doing in all that time i was without sleep was learning how to throw knives. and i gotta say that after a day and a half i was pretty damn good. i was learning to throw two at a time when i checked in. i was also doing karate, yoga, weight-lifting, and tai-chi. all of which take an enormous amount of concentration. my balance was perfect. my throwing accuracy was frightening. (strangely enough, when i was in scouts there was a summer camp activity where you could throw tomahawks...) i don't know how i learned so quickly. i was doing these things not because i anticipated a fight with anyone or anything. (i didn't think a fight would be necessary because i thought that what i was writing was so rational that whoever read it would see the futility of fighting and never want to harm another human being again. dream on, i know.) i was doing them because they were activities that allowed me to focus my mind on one thing. not an easy task in an add world like the one we share. (speaking of the world, someone in sydney, australia was reading today...) i can see why my family and girlfriend were concerned, but i also wish that they could understand that knife throwing is pretty damn therapeutic. i'm not quite sure where i'm going with this except that maybe someone who enjoys knitting or wood-working might know what i'm talking about. there's a lot of zen to be experienced out there. some find it in baking. others in love-making. others in playing video games. anyway, i found a little zen today in working on my car and making an omlette. pepper-jack cheese with garlic and oregano. four eggs. dash of salt. i'll post my salsa recipe tomorrow. if you're a salsa fan, you might wanna try it.yeah. much more to explain. be patient with me. i've got a lot to sort out...hope all is well.talk soon...



posted by ? at 4:25 pm
0 comments






tuesday, october 24, 2006



	 
	 home, part ii...
	 
    


so here i am. home. i just went and returned a few movies that i'd had since before i went into the hospital. got a double americano from my local espresso shoppe. had my first cigarette of the day on my own time. so nice to be off the 4 smoke-breaks a day schedule. and while i was outside smoking i had a realization. i realized that what i was afraid of prior to checking into the west wing wasn't others. there were people i was afraid of, and i'll get to that, but they never frightened me all that much. i always had the feeling that someone or something was looking out for me. what i was really afraid of was myself. i was afraid of my own potential. potential to harm just as much as help. for example, i know how to make mustard gas. it's easier than you might think. (in 8th grade i used to draw wwi soldiers with gas masks on. i also would draw some pretty good pictures of freddy krueger. a classmate paid me for one of those drawings as i recall...) i also know how to make small bombs out of very simple materials. (once in high school, a classmate of mine had a little brother that he'd taught how to make bombs. his brother actually made one and brought it to school. he got caught and my classmate felt responsible. he spent the day in the library. at one point in the day i was called out of class and one of the faculty members asked if i would go and talk to him. i was asb president, and i also had a way with talking to people, so the job kind of fell to me by default. i said i would. when i got there, my classmate was weeping. i'll never forget the snot running from his nose and the tears behind his glasses. all i could do was tell him over and over that it wasn't his fault...) i don't enjoy knowing some of the things i know, and i don't ever plan on using such dark knowledge, but they're in my head and i can't erase them, no matter how hard i try. but there is a flip-side to the dark things i know. i also believe that i have just as much potential to heal, to make things better. when i was in the hospital this last time there was a woman. a frail and frightened woman whom i befriended. she'd been there nearly a month with little progress. one night i saw her her on the phone in one of the corners on the ward. she was hunched over, crying into the reciever with her hair down, covering her face. later that night she was alone in one of the tv rooms. i went in and started to talk to her. after a little while i told her to just sit still and i began rubbing her feet. i've always had gifted hands. she was tense at first, but began to relax shortly. i kept talking to her. about what, i can't recall, but after working on her feet i moved to her head and began to run my fingertips over her scalp. she drifted off to sleep. then a staff member came in and gave me a ration of shit for breaking the "no contact with other patients" rule. i didn't really care. i was happy to have shared what little i could with the woman. she was hurting and it was all i could do. i think it had been a long time since anyone had touched her with compassion. coincidentally, she went home two days later...anyway, i've still got a lot of unpacking to do. and i've got to figure out how to get songs into my new ipod nano. i love technology. not more than my girlfriend, but being able to carry an entire library of music in the 5th pocket of my jeans is pretty neat.hope all is well where you are.talk soon.



posted by ? at 11:35 am
0 comments






monday, october 23, 2006



	 
	 home...
	 
    


today i go home. not feeling too verbose at the moment. just watching the minutes whittle away. and "eternal sunshine of the spotless mind". i'm watching that too. finished the 4th harry potter movie this morning, too. "click" is up next. i gotta say that i'm a huge jim carrey fan. he's up there with johnny depp and morgan freeman and meryll streep. those people know how to pick movies. i think that they're doing the kind of movies that river phoenix would be doing if he were still alive. i wonder about that sometimes. i think we lost a lot that night at the viper room...anyway, what am i doing? getting all nostalgic and mopey on the day i'm being honorably discharged from the west wing, as i shall affectionately refer to harborview's psych ward, aka 5 west b. it's funny. this ward is pentagonal. a little disorienting at first, but you do get used to it after a few weeks. at first all the rooms look the same and you might find yourself wandering into someone else's room by mistake. quite against the rules. lots of rules here. i'll tell you all about it another day. right now i just want to say thanks for reading. sorry i fell off the map for a few months. love will tend to do that sometimes...talk later. hope all is well...



posted by ? at 11:00 am
1 comments






sunday, october 22, 2006



	 
	 around the world...
	 
    


so, one of the coolest things about having this blog for me is that i can see where the people are who log in. today i had someone from israel visit the site. in the past month i've also had people from egypt, argentina, brazil, sweden, india, hungary, and the uk. i have no idea who these people are, but the idea that somewhere, someone in the world is reading what i'm putting out there is, well, for lack of a better word, neat. i miss that word. usually these days "neat" is kind of a kid's word. grown-ups use awesome or cool. but never "neat". or, god forbid, "neat-o" or "neat-o mosquito". if you've been reading my blog for a while, you know that, like jung, i'm big on synchronicity. i was talking to my girlfriend last night and told her about one of the neater ones i've had in the past few years. i was at a tom petty show (yes, it's true, i really did meet him when i was a kid) and i was at the entrance of the vip beer garden, looking to see if i could find someone i knew who worked for house of blues productions. i saw a girl in the garden who looked just like an old girlfriend, lyndsay. i couldn't go in and see if it was really her, but i did run into her a little later walking around in the non-vip area. she looked and dressed like i remember her dressing, and i went up to her and stood in front of her and said, "lyndsay!" it only took a moment before i realized that she didn't know me and that it wasn't really her. but she had this strange look on her face. i apologized, saying that i had mistaken her for an old girlfriend, lyndsay. "that's funny," she said. "because my name is lyndsay."these things happen. no one knows why. but they do. for more on synchronicity, see the movie magnolia...anyway, i hope you're all having a nice sunday. i hope the weather is as good where you are as it is here in seattle...



posted by ? at 11:19 am
0 comments






saturday, october 21, 2006



	 
	 so...
	 
    


so, i'm still trying to pinpoint where this episode started. i've spent a lot of time retracing and right now the point i have is when my roommate told me of a pbs special on elvis's gospel years. i watched it because i thought there was some sort of message i was supposed to get from it. there was, kind of. anyway, i donated $50 that night. a little give-back after all the years i've spent watching pbs and not giving them a dime. yeah. i think it was that night that i was up late and i picked up my brother, patrick's, urn and held his ashes for a long while. it wasn't a thought or any sort of thought pattern that was going through my head. just a feeling that was running through me, or my spirit, or my soul, or whatever. by the way, i kind of prefer the term "spirit" to "soul". it's less new-agey. more grounded, if that makes any sense. it's more reminiscent of native american spirituality, which i tend to think of as a lot more pure than most. i'll go into that a little more somewhere down the road. anyway, it was that night that i got this sense that i was put on this planet, or chose to come to this planet for some higher purpose. at the moment, i just think that that purpose is just to be a writer and share any insight i might have with whoever will listen to my ramblings...so, yeah, enough trekking in the highlands. i got level 4 yesterday. only two more nights in this place. the staff are being very gracious to me, and, it seems, to the other patients on the ward in a manner in which i would say is decidedly different from when i first arrived here. on top of getting out of this place, i might get to go on a road trip next month with my big brother. if i go we'll be going through montana, my favorite state. big sky country. i'm keeping my fingers crossed...hope all is well.talk soon...



posted by ? at 3:55 pm
0 comments






thursday, october 19, 2006



	 
	 homeward bound...
	 
    


well, the way it's looking i'll be out of here on monday. can't wait to sleep in my own bed. make my own coffee. cook an omlette. part of what had kept me in a delusional state was the idea that i had ideas that if one patented one could make millions off of. at every turn where i thought money was being offered i always refused. i'm just a guy who appreciates the simple things that life has to offer. things are different now...i guess that for now i'll just say that i want to write about what went on before i found myself here in harborview's mental health ward. if you're up for a good adventure/drama/sci-fi story then you could do worse than staying tuned. what took place for me in my delusional state over the past few months is a mix of spiderman, batman, x-men, alchemy, star trek, star wars, nasa, the incredible hulk, the fantastic four, tom clancy, the bourne identity, indiana jones, new world order, the us government, the manchurian cantidate, the illuminatus trilogy (great book, if you can get into it), dune, windtalkers, along with dealings with the white house, the chinese and italian mafias, heroin and cocaine drug lords, lord of the rings, googlehacking (i'll explain later), the matrix, the enron scandal, pirates of the carribean, the navy's seal program (it didn't help my grip on reality that i have a brother that used to work on a nuclear battleship), coporate and economic hitmen, a beautiful mind, peasant insurance (look it up, it's kind of scary), the conflict in northern ireland, the sixth sense, unbreakable, my brother's suicide, pi (the movie and the number), stock market manipulation through the use of entangled particles (i'll explain later), counterfeit currency, and true love...i'll try and tell you all about it, but right now i'm just looking to go home, and i'm not quite sure where to begin. but i promise. it'll be a good read.anyway, it just feels good to know that before too long i get to start having a normal life again. i miss my room. lighting candles. burning incense. relaxing with a nice game of star wars battlefront. knowing that everything's alright. i would like to thank my friends, especially my roommate, as well as my family and my girlfriend for not leaving me high and dry through all of this. it's been a long three weeks in here. all told it'll be about a month that i've spent here in harborview. i've learned a lot about myself as well as others. i just hope that the world can accept me as a writer and nothing more...well, that's about it for now. keep checking in. and, yeah, it doesn't hurt if you click the ads at the top of this screen. believe me, i only get like a penny or two per click, and since i started this blog i haven't seen a dime. you have to have a hundred bucks racked up before google sends you a check, and i'm pretty sure that anyone who reads this blog knows that i'm not in it for the money. it's weird. it almost feels like a sin to make money for this. it's therapy for me. makes me feel good when i can possibly articulate something that someone else is thinking. but if it makes you feel good, then click away. don't cost nothin', as john belushi said in animal house as he offered a few new pledges a beer. hope all is well in your part of the world. have a beer for me...ps: i'm listening to the cure right now. lullaby. great song. if you know it, then you know that there's a spiderman in it...pps: one element to this that i forgot to mention was x-files. if you're a fan on that show, it might amuse you that i actually put an x in my window the night before i checked into here. god's honest truth.



posted by ? at 4:38 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 18, 2006



	 
	 level 3...
	 
    


so, i got my level 3 today. only took 3 weeks. a little unusual. for those of you without previous experience with the way a mental health facility works, there are four levels you can have in a place like this. it's kind of like prison where cigarettes and outside priveleges are pretty much the only valuable things that inmates have. level 1: no smoking priveleges. level 2: smoking priveleges with a group of level 2 patients and a staff member. only 4 "outings", as they refer to them (like we're going camping, or something) per day, though. level 3: smoking priveleges with a family member or close friend. level 4: smoking priveleges with another level 4. when you're on level 3 or 4 they figure that you're not going to try and make a run for it. don't know why it took them so long to grant me level 3, but whatever. maybe it was that this morning i explained to them a little about the movie "v for vendetta" and how it inspired me to learn to throw knives in the 2 weeks before i came here. i told them that in the movie v (or, codename v) uses knives to prevent the rape of natalie portman. maybe that helped to convince them that the knife-throwing and the wolverine gloves i made were intended for positive purposes and not intimidation or fear mongering. yeah, it's a long story, for those of you just joining us. i promise, it's a great one, though. i plan on putting what i can up on this blog. great adventure/fiction...anyway, i'm gonna go have some coffee and relax with a harry potter movie. hope you're all having a good day/night, whatever time-zone you're in...--dan



posted by ? at 11:04 am
2 comments






tuesday, october 17, 2006



	 
	 to tell you...
	 
    


well, here's another sonnet. i hope the intended receiver likes it...the words i need won't fit inside my peni shudder forward, stumble back againmy explanations lack the substance that they needno salve nor balm can save the heart that bleedsi know the truth when once it hits my earsi know my love when once she tears my fearsi'll take it as it comes and as we goand pray that peace less often hides than showsthe pieces may be shuffled but they're therelike god's geometry and honeyed hairwe find our place despite the spite and foldlike blind men using lead to weigh their goldthe hours pass inside me like a songwith but a single word that rings "belong..."



posted by ? at 4:02 pm
1 comments






monday, october 16, 2006



	 
	 no big deal...
	 
    


now that was a great love and rockets song...anyway, today was fine. it turns out i didn't really have to attend the hearing. it was over in a few minutes. the judge was cool. i think my lawyer is pretty cool. but the best thing was that my girlfriend came and saw me today. she rules. for anyone to stand by me through what i've inadvertently put her through...godsend is the only word that fits...more tomorrow...sweet dreams....



posted by ? at 8:09 pm
0 comments






sunday, october 15, 2006



	 
	 big game tomorrow...
	 
    


well, tomorrow i go before a judge and find out if they're gonna have me committed for up to, but not exceeding, 90 days. not sure is they can get away with that, considering that they have yet to give me a diagnosis, made no effort to contact my regular md and psychiatrist, given me medication not prescribed my my normal physician, denied me sufficient access to recreation and optomimetrical (not sure if that's a real word) services, administered sodium penethol upon admission to the er (i'm not kidding), not given me access to my own medical records, and admisistered medication inconsistent with their own physician's orders. anyway. hell with it. i'm quite cozy. i got a portable dvd player and netflix delivered to the ward. nothing in the rules against it. jack sparrow said it best: there are only two things in life--what a man can do, and what a man can't do. something like that. i just wanna go home to my bed, my books, my movies, my writing, my friends, my music, and my love. patients on the ward tell me that i've helped them. that's nice, but i don't think it's admissable in court. i'm happy to help, but it would be nice if they had offered some sort of outpatient care rather than a 90-day petition. sorry i'm too smart for them. it's almost unfair, really...well, have a good night. and, if you're andre the giant's reincarnation, may you dream of large women...



posted by ? at 9:17 pm
0 comments






saturday, october 14, 2006



	 
	 on chivalry...
	 
    


i think that the saying "chivalry is dead" might be true. now, i'm not blaming the media for this, nor uber-feminists. i think that to be chivalrous these days is to run the risk of having people think you're crazy. for example, one night a few years back i was at the owl 'n thistle, one of the best irish bars in the great northwest, and i met a woman. not very attractive, but quite agreeable company. i had had a few, but i wasn't blitzed or anything. near closing time she was leaving and i offered to walk her to her car. i can't remember how the conversation progressed, but when we got to her car and the door was open, usually the moment when two people who have just met have their first kiss, i called her "m'lady". she suddenly got upset with me as though i had used the term in mockery, which was quite far from the truth. she quickly got into her car and drove off without another word. i was mystified; i was trying to show respect using what i guess now to be a dead language. just as the song that won an oscar last year goes, "it's hard out here for a pimp", so it's hard out there for a gentleman. not that i believe that there aren't gentlemen out there. i think that it's just that the gentlemen don't bother at trying to be playas, and so they get overlooked for their lack of bling-bling and pimped-out ride. i guess that where i'm going with this, ladies, is that if you're looking for a gentleman, you probably don't have to look very far. they're there. you just have to look past the glammer. anyway, yeah, being in the hospital does have it's advantages. i do have a little more time to think about things like this...hope you're having a goodly day.more later...



posted by ? at 5:12 pm
1 comments









	 
	 hello!
	 
    


well, for some reason i'm doing a lot better today. don't know what it is. maybe it's the $20 sony headphones i got yesterday from amazon that my roommate, dave, brought me. maybe it's the pumpkin/chocolate muffin that my friend james brought me last night. maybe it's the few extra hours of sleep i got this morning after breakfast. maybe it's the weights i got to use for the second time today. maybe it's the good conversation i had with my dad this afternoon. maybe it's the court date that i'm looking forward to on monday....anyway, my third smoke-break for the day is in a few minutes, so i gotta rap this up. more later. hope you're having a good day...



posted by ? at 3:45 pm
0 comments






friday, october 13, 2006



	 
	 90 day trial period...
	 
    


so, the silly shrink in charge of my mental health here thinks i should be committed for another 90 days. you tell me. do you guys think i'm crazy? or are they just afraid that i'm gonna sue once i'm out of here? i've been crazy before. temporarily. but i never thought about harming anyone. that's just dumb. anyway. just a normal day on the psych-ward. a few discharges. a few new intakes. a few friends turned foes. a few foes turned allies. whatever. i'm going maverick. no friends. just acquaintances. see how that works. i think i'm just tired of trying to be everyone's friend. after you meet a certain number of two-facers, it starts to get really old, really fast. all i care about are my smoke-breaks and pizza. funny enough, i've started to make predictions on the stock market. i'm batting a thousand so far. man, i miss my bed. a lot...



posted by ? at 6:07 pm
0 comments






thursday, october 12, 2006



	 
	 another day, another post...
	 
    


well, the last two days have been pretty uneventful. i think that they might consider settling things out of court. we'll see. aside from my stay here, i've been thinking about new story ideas. man, if you ever want some story fodder, i highly recommend checking into a mental health facility. to quote inxs: "makes you wonder how the other half live." i think that strange things happen here, ala kill bill and talk to her. i also think that some members of the staff might be selling pharaceuticals in their "spare" time. i'm not sure what, exactly, the staff here does most of the time. their job doesn't seem that hard. one of the night guys, billy, says that they have "thousands" of duties. i doubt it. i think i could probably do their jobs with a lot more compassion. this morning i was sound asleep. joe, another one of the night guys, who always seems strung out on something, comes into me room and says in a very loud voice, "medication time!" and then takes off without another word. i mean, seriously. are we really still in the 60's? that was what nurse ratchet used to say in one flew over the cuckoo's nest. medication time! maybe, "hey, daniel. good morning. time for your morning meds." then i would say, after waking up and making eye-contact with my attendant, "okay. i'll be right there." anyway. i can dream, can't i?...



posted by ? at 8:34 am
0 comments






wednesday, october 11, 2006



	 
	 one flew over...
	 
    


yeah, it's true, chris. but they haven't given me shock-treatment or labotomized me just yet. actually, since the incident the other night, things have been right as rain...more tonight...and smoking isn't as bad for a body as lying...



posted by ? at 9:18 am
0 comments






tuesday, october 10, 2006



	 
	 "oh, well," said the bucket to the rope...
	 
    


so, last night i had a run in with the system here. there was a miscommunication between the doctors and the night staff. i wasn't supposed to have my meds last night, and they insisted that i did. i refused. they said that they had to give me a shot, instead. i said fine. then when they came with the shot, i said i'd take the stupid pill. they said it was no longer an option. five people came into my room. two held me down. the fifth i had never seen before. they gave me two injections. my right shoulder still hurts. i passed out an half-hour later. things like this happen all the time here. patients have no rights. piece of shit nurses without degrees who are power-trippers have all the say. i had slept most of the day yesterday because they overdosed me on my meds. i wasn't ready for bed, and the staff wanted me in my room for some reason or another. i can imagine a few reasons, but i'd rather not think of them. maybe some other time i'll elaborate. there is something rotten in denmark, though...today, however was great. my friend, alice, came to visit and brought me chocolate and a coffee. quite an angel, if you ask me. i had no run-ins with the staff. not even the cyborg who works at the front desk. got netflix to deliver me movies here. i've got a portable dvd player on the way and some good headphones. can't wait. made all my cig-breaks today, too. pretty much the only power these people have over me comes from whether or not i have smoking/fresh air priveledges. well, they can take away my cigarettes, but they can never take away my freedom...so, that's all i got for now.more tomorrow.love,dan



posted by ? at 10:40 pm
1 comments






monday, october 09, 2006



	 
	 back in harborview...
	 
    


well, hello everyone.i'm in the psych ward up at harborview. again. voluntary. again. i've been here almost 2 weeks and they have yet to give me a diagnosis. i'm being treated like an animal. i don't get enough recreation or fresh air, not to mention cigarette breaks. i'm being given the wrong medication. and the medication that they are giving me they give me in overdoses. they gave me so much today that i slept most of the day away. yeah, it sucks. people here are weird, too. i think they're selling prescription drugs on the black market or something...anyway, just wanted to check in with you all. i guess i don't have much to do in here, so expect some more writing. check again tomorrow. i might be back in the groove again. thanks for reading, everyone.--dan



posted by ? at 9:09 pm
0 comments






monday, september 18, 2006



	 
	 don't know if i posted this before, but...
	 
    


sentenceamidst the waste of changing channels, strangled credit, saturated fats, token gestures spent without concern for the soul’s deficit,amidst the torn and stolen dreams of one-time bright eyes, peering around the black and static-ridden day,amidst the standing room only of stifling homeward buses, dieseling down crowded concrete aisles, brimming with the city’s living, dying, sighing, unwashed and forgotten,amidst the give and take, the borrowed and the bought, the win and loss, the withered crop and fruitful swindle, the just and the just leave me alone,while anger catches its breath and kindness takes a nap and reason gets in the wrong line,while sleeping dogs stir and curiosity calls information for the idle cat’s number,while my guitar gently weeps,unknown and unnoticed after the ushers have swept the theater, after the credits have rolled, after the critics have kept their jobs, after the sequel has retold, after the house lights have come up and the curtain’s comedown,between the lie and gratitude, the cry and stutter, the kindness and absence, the game and death, the stranded and the other thing,over yours and over mine, taken for what it’s worth,alone in pairs,during the importance and aggression, unspoken and spelled out, reviled within civic limits, starved of hunger,at the moment when trust breaks, when the tear sheds the eye, when the wound heals the surgeon, when the jewel returns the thief, when the scar leaves the knife, when god is in the hands of an angry sinner,before the cradle rocks the hand, and the world sets on the sun, and the ticket writes the traffic cop,as the hammer caresses the nail, and the bomb parts from the hatch with such sweet sorrow, and the mortician makes an honest living,as the lawyer ponders prayer, and the judge goes to confession, and the priest lays a bet, and the porn star falls in love, and the patient gives the doctor three to six months to live, and the vodka meets the pain,as the circus tent spar breaks, and the senate comes to order at the drive-through, and the swollen river runs aground, and the paper’s on the payroll,as the outlaws have the place surrounded, and the riot squad takes a swing, and the penguin takes wing, and the wine press dries,with grease-stained, restrained, second-hand visions, taxed and trafficked across state lines, smuggled under rubber-stamped forms, ravaged by rhetoric and trampled under the hooves of industry,with corporate forgiveness, privatized for the public good, sanitized for your projection,with nothing but my wits and a large cheese pizza to shelter me from modern malaise and the pernicious nuances of the (god save us) fox “news” channel…i take a number,and wait for them to call me.



posted by ? at 6:04 am
1 comments










previous posts

dawn
value systems, part v
what else...
toothpaste and cameras...
what is it, then?
the world they share...
i know you...
up late...
what's it like on the inside?  part 2
we fight the fight...

archives

2005-11-27
2005-12-04
2005-12-11
2005-12-18
2005-12-25
2006-01-01
2006-01-08
2006-01-15
2006-01-22
2006-01-29
2006-02-05
2006-03-05
2006-04-02
2006-05-14
2006-09-17
2006-10-08
2006-10-15
2006-10-22
2006-10-29
2006-11-05
2006-11-12
2006-11-19
2006-11-26
2010-10-31












 



