






 
najla’s – najla’s specialty foods






































































































skip to content



my account temporary top menuwe’re now delivering locally to select areas! call for details.
order by 11:59pm on 12/19 for delivery by christmas!
(502) 412-4420facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


najla’s
najla’s specialty foods

start shoppinggift boxes hand crafted cookies brownies and bars gone nuts! shortbread bodygood bars vegan or gluten-free diy gifts gift collections corporate gift ideas  about najla’sjournal najla  explore our productscookies brownies and bars gone nuts! shortbread bodygood bars  contact uswhere to find us how we ship  


$0.000



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 








 
start shoppinggift boxes hand crafted cookies brownies and bars gone nuts! shortbread bodygood bars vegan or gluten-free diy gifts gift collections corporate gift ideas  about najla’sjournal najla  explore our productscookies brownies and bars gone nuts! shortbread bodygood bars  contact uswhere to find us how we ship  















100% all natural 
							fresh & simple 
							award-winning desserts and treats made with the highest quality ingredients, just like mom used to make.  
							buy online 
 


now offering 
							local delivery 
							same day delivery is available for orders placed before 11am. call 502.412.4420 for more information 
							buy online 
 


premium ingredients 
							only the best 
							najla's  only uses the best premium ingredients to hand-craft all our desserts and treats. 
							shop online 
 


healthy & tasty 
							bodygood bars 
							treat your body right with one of our bodygood bars™, available in several delicious varieties.  
							buy online 
 





welcome to najla's cookies!


when making our desserts, we know they’re not going to be around for long. our cookies, brownies, body good bars, pies, and shortbreads are meant to be eaten fresh, not left on a shelf. we’re baking homemade treats like you’d make at home—simply prepared, uncomplicated, all natural, and delicious.
we do all the work, you get all the praise!


shop now!


have it delivered
with postmates!


taste the difference





all natural ingredients all najla’s products are free of high fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated and trans fats, preservatives and artificial flavors.   


simply prepared delicious, uncomplicated recipes using the highest quality ingredients and made just the way you like them.   


made fresh all of our desserts are baked fresh and shipped promptly to ensure you can enjoy them as they were meant to be enjoyed.   shop online











hand crafted cookies 20 products

najla's hand-crafted gourmet cookies started it all. each cookie is individually shaped by one of our passionate bakers to ensure the highest quality. 

"cookies are made of butter and love" - norwegian proverb












gift boxes 10 products

when only the best will do, gift our  hand-crafted collections of our most popular treats in festive gift boxes for the foodie in your life.



shop now!










why najla’s?we never cut corners. never compromise our quality or consistency. all najla's products are free of high fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated and trans fats, preservatives and artificial flavors. it's like having your own private pastry chef – we do all the work, you get all the praise!

(502) 412-4420
8007 vinecrest avenue, ste 3, louisville, ky 40222

hours: monday thru friday, 7am - 3pm. closed on weekends.find us on:facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window 









					© najla's cookies. all rights reserved.
                

privacy policy bottom bar menu







go to top











































































