





eric foner: american historian

































































 








eric 
					                    foner, dewitt clinton professor emeritus of history at columbia university, is one 
					                    of this country's most prominent historians. he received his doctoral degree 
    at columbia under the supervision of richard hofstadter. he is one of only two persons  to serve as president of the  three major professional organizations: the organization of american historians, american historical association, and society of american historians, and one of a handful to have won the bancroft and pulitzer prizes in the same year.
                    professor foner's publications have concentrated on the intersections of intellectual, political and social history, and the history of american race relations. his best-known books are: free soil, free labor, free men: the ideology of the republican party before the civil war (1970; reissued with new preface 1995) tom paine and revolutionary america (1976); nothing but freedom: emancipation and its legacy (1983); reconstruction: america's unfinished revolution, 1863-1877 (1988) (winner, among other awards, of the bancroft prize, parkman prize, and los angeles times book award; the reader's companion to american history (with john a. garraty, 1991); the story of american freedom (1998);  who owns history? rethinking the past in a changing world (2002); his survey textbook of american history, give me liberty! an american history (2004);   the fiery trial: abraham lincoln and american slavery (2010) (winner, among other awards, of the bancroft prize, pulitzer prize for history, and the lincoln prize); and    gateway to freedom: the hidden history of the underground railroad, ( 2015) (winner of the american history book prize by the new-york historical society. his latest book is the second founding: how the civil war and reconstruction remade the constitution (2019). his books have been translated into chinese, korean, italian, japanese, portuguese, and spanish. 
eric foner has also been the co-curator, with olivia mahoney, of two prize-winning 
					  exhibitions on american history: a house divided: america in the age of lincoln,  which opened at the 
					  chicago historical society in 1990, and america's reconstruction: people and politics after the civil war, which opened 
					  at the virginia historical society in 1995 and traveled to several other 
					  locations. for links to digital versions of these exhibits, see the bottom of this page. he also revised the presentation of american history at the hall of 
					  presidents at disney world, and meet mr. lincoln at disneyland, and has 
					  served as consultant to several national parks service historical sites 
					  and historical museums.

				    eric foner is a winner of the great teacher award from the society of columbia graduates (1991), and the presidential award for outstanding teaching from columbia university (2006). he was named scholar of the year by the new york council for the humanities in 1995. in 2006, he received  the kidger award for excellence in teaching and scholarship from the new england history teachers association. in 2014 he was awarded the gold medal by the national institute of social sciences. in 2020 he received the anisfield-wolf book award for lifetime achievement (the award honors literature that confronts racism and explores diversity), and the roy rosenzweig distinguished service award from the organization of american historians. he is an elected fellow of the american academy of arts and sciences, the british academy, the american philosophical society, and the american academy of political and social science. he  has been awarded honorary degrees  by iona college,  queen mary university of london, the state university of new york, dartmouth college,  lehigh university, and princeton university. he has taught at cambridge university as pitt professor of american history and institutions, oxford university as harmsworth professor of american history, moscow state university as fulbright professor, and at queen mary, university of london as leverhulme visiting scholar. in 2015 he received the everyday hero of freedom award from the national underground railroad freedom center in cincinnati. he serves on the editorial boards of past and present and the nation, and has written for the new york times, washington post, los angeles times, london review of books, and many other publications, and has appeared on numerous television and radio shows, including charlie rose, book notes, the daily show with jon stewart, the colbert report, bill moyers journal, fresh air,  and all things considered, and in historical documentaries on pbs and the history channel. he was the on-camera historian for "freedom: a history of us," on pbs in 2003 and the chief historical advisor for the award-winning pbs documentary series on reconstruction and its aftermath broadcast in 2019. he has lectured extensively to both academic and non-academic audiences.
in 2007, a group of professor foner's former graduate students published contested democracy: freedom, race, and power in american history, edited by manisha sinha and penny von eschen, a collection of essays, or "festschrift," in his honor. 
foner's works have been highly praised in scholarly journals and by reviews in periodicals across the political spectrum. in the nation, theodore rosengarten wrote that reconstruction is "monumental in scope ... a feat of research and synthesis that is not likely to be repeated for a generation." the introduction to a recent collection of essays on the civil war era refers to reconstruction as "one of the masterworks of the historical profession." robert h. ferrell, in the national review declared  that the story of american freedom "approaches brilliance." of the fiery trial, drew gilpin faust of harvard wrote, "it's a brilliant book by one of the most brilliant historians writing about ninteenth century america."   in the los angeles times, wendy smith wrote of gateway to freedom, "intellectually probing and emotionally resonant, [it]  reminds us that history can be as stirring as the most gripping fiction." the chicago law bulletin called the second founding "a fantastic book ... a masterpiece." the june 2023 issue of the journal civil war history includes a forum in which historians discuss the enduring impact of one of professor foner's first published articles, article, "the causes of the american civil war: recent interpretations and new directions," originally published in 1974.
in a book review, steven hahn of new york university wrote of eric foner:   "like his mentor richard hofstadter, he has had an enormous influence on  how other historians, as well as a good cut of the general reading  public, have come to think about american history. this is the result  of his voluminous scholarship and of his decades as a teacher. indeed,  when one considers the chronological and topical range of foner's many  books and essays--not to mention those of his doctoral students--only  hofstadter, c. vann woodward, david brion davis, and, in an earlier  era, charles beard (who was also at columbia) would seem to be his  genuine rivals in impact and accomplishment."  an article on the bloomberg website recently described him as "one of america's greatest historians." on a somewhat different note, the oklahoma gazette  wrote of a talk  by professor foner at oklahoma university, "suffice it to say that his giving a free lecture on ou's campus is just really, incredibly, super cool."
professor foner retired from teaching in 2018. during the 2014-15 academic year, his  columbia university course  on the civil war and reconstruction was made available online, free of charge,  via columbiax and edx.		here	are	links to the lectures (divided into segments); they can also be found on youtube::				
  part 1:  the coming of the civil war
  part 2:  the civil war
 part 3:  reconstruction
 
 view and download eric foner's curriculum vitae
 
columbia and slavery website, including eric foner's report  
profile of eric foner in columbia college today, 2012-13 
 interview with eric foner about his  book, gateway to freedom
 view session at organization of american historians annual meeting on eric foner's "reconstruction at 25"




view online exhibit
    "a house divided: america in the age of lincoln"


view 
    online exhibit "america's reconstruction: people and politics after the civil war"












© 2005 eric foner | wonderwheel




		bindex


