








the healthy house institue | we're here to help you improve your home's interior environment, especially its indoor air quality.






























the healthy house institue


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
about us
contact us
legal disclaimer
privacy policy
 





search for:



 







nothing found


it seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. perhaps searching can help.


search for:









we're here to help you improve your home's interior environment, especially its indoor air quality.



search for:



advisory board 



health & medical




dr. william e. berger md, mba – board certified in pediatrics and allergy and immunology, clinical professor, university of california, irvine, et al.



dr. tee lamont guidotti md, mph – professor of occupational and environmental medicine, george washington university.



dr. christina peterson md – neurologist; medical director, oregon headache clinic.



dr. neil schachter md – professor of medicine and community medicine, and medical director of the respiratory care department, mount sinai medical center.



dr. philip tierno, jr. – director of clinical microbiology and diagnostic immunology, tisch hospital, new york university medical center; associate professor, departments of microbiology and pathology, new york university medical center.



dr. michael zuckerman md – director of medical affairs, anian reuters primary research division; specialist, obstetrics and gynecology.



health science




dr. charlene bayer – director, georgia institute of technology’s indoor environment research program.



dr. gene cole ph.d. – professor of environmental health sciences, brigham young university.



glory dolphin – executive director, international association of air cleaner manufacturers; ceo, iqair north america.



mr. robert donofrio nsf microbiologist – director, microbiology lab, nsf international.



dr. andrea ferro ph.d. – assistant professor, department of civil and environmental engineering, clarkson university.



aileen gagney – manager, american lung association’s master home environmentalist program.



charles p. gerba ph.d. – professor of environmental microbiology, university of arizona.



elizabeth b. goldsmith ph.d. – professor in the college of human sciences, florida state university.



devra lee davis ph.d. mph – director, center for oncology at the university of pittsburgh cancer institute; professor of epidemiology, university of pittsburgh graduate school of public health; visiting professor, carnegie mellon university’s heinz school of public policy & management.



jeffrey c. may – m.a., ciaqp (certified indoor air quality professional) and principal scientist, may indoor air investigations.



david mudarri ph.d. – epa senior analyst, indoor environments division (retired), united states environmental protection agency.



robert w. powitz phd, mph, rs, dlaas – forensic sanitarian, r.w. powitz & associates.



anne c. steinemann ph.d. – professor of civil and environmental engineering, professor of public affairs, director of the water center, university of washington.



benjamin d. tanner ph.d. – microbiologist, antimicrobial test laboratories.



robert a. woellner – president and senior scientist, quality environmental services & technologies, inc.



home and building science




elizabeth england – program coordinator, harvard university’s housing studies program.



brion grant – president, the american society of home inspectors (ashi).



peter grinbergs – chairman of the board, the home ventilating institute (hvi).



jay hall ph.d. – president, jay hall and associates, inc.



jim holland rea, cmr, cr, wls – president, restcon environmental; member of the board of directors, institute of inspection, cleaning and restoration certification (iicrc).



rebecca l. morley – executive director, national center for healthy housing.



dr. steven spivak – science advisory council chair, cleaning industry research institute (ciri); technical advisor, restoration industry association (ria); professor emeritus, fire protection engineering, the university of maryland.



jim h. white – principal, system science consulting; former senior advisor – building science, canada mortgage and housing corporation (cmhc).



home building & remodeling




everett collier – chairman of the board & former president, national association of the remodeling industry.



carl seville – owner, seville consulting.



david f. wilson – past president, national association of home builders.




 





					proudly powered by wordpress				






