

miller's homemade soap page







 
miller's homemade soap
            pages
information compiled by
                        kathy miller
 
 









  

*notice* 
- due to high prices to keep this website going, i have made the sad
decision to take it down sometime after mid-february 2024. it began in
1997 (!) and is very long in the tooth at this point (as am i)! i have
thoroughly enjoyed hearing from people along the way and have been
grateful to be of help to those who wanted to make their own soap.
there are a lot more resources online now than when i first put these
pages up, so i know help will be out there. a big thank you to those
who contributed to these pages over the years. <3 

if
there is anything here you want to save for future reference, be sure
to capture it soon. i suspect it will vanish at the very end of
february.   ~ kathy miller



  


click
here to go directly to table of contents

in response to the most
frequently asked question! this banner was generously and humorously
contributed by chris mcclusky! :-) [yes... i've been told there is a
grammatical error in the banner... but i'm leaving it as is, since i
don't know how to fix it.]
2010 - thank you to kimberly3d for this new version of the banner... pretty neat if you have the flash plugin to view it. :-)







for a more detailed explanation,
  go to the most
    frequently asked
    questions
    page. also... take a look at the
new!
troubleshooting
    help page,
      for those frustrating failed batches!
i have been making our soap for over 30 years and in the beginning
we got some of the materials from raising our own beef. since getting
hooked up with the internet and reading about what other folks were
doing, i've found sources for both animal and vegetable fats that
have really opened up other possibilities for recipe combinations.
we've gotten spoiled using our own soap... it leaves you clean
without feeling dry and itchy. i've given it to friends who have
allergies or skin conditions and they have found it to help them in
clearing up the problem. if you have any of the latent chemist in
your soul...you will love watching the transformation as you mix the
lye solution into the fat and continue to watch it change as it
cures! no one can walk by a table of curing soap, without having the
uncontrollable urge to pick up a bar to touch and smell it.
i've put together the following, starting off with the first
information i could get as a novice soapmaker. during the early
attempts, nine batches separated before i got it down! (determined!)
in the fall of 1998, i read about using a "stick blender" and it has
revolutionized my soapmaking techniques and vastly improved the
texture of the finished soap! new things are being learned all the
time and i'll try to pass those ideas along to you by updating the
information on these pages. since the site was first put up with a
single page on soapmaking (the old lye company instructions) i have
experimented with many all-vegetable recipe combinations. some of
these produce a harder and longer lasting bar than others and i've
tried to note the ones that are my favorites. the others i leave up
to offer other possibilities for those who want to use what they have
on hand. my current personal favorite
base recipes are the sudsy
all-vegetable, soap
classic, favorite castile
ii, and the beef shortening
with coconut ... but there are many others that work nicely. some
of the recipes that are high in unsaturated oils and lower in hard
fats can have a greater tendency to sweat in storage but i haven't
figured out exactly what the problem is with that... just wanted to
mention it.
p.s. - my life has gotten
  busier than it was when i first started this web page so i cannot
  update as frequently. also... many of the questions i receive and
  answer are repeats of situations already posted. i'll try to keep
  updating once in awhile, but be assured, i'm still "out there" ...
  despite the lack of current update on some of the pages of the
site.


notice to those who wish to request a
      link here...
i have tried to keep the emphasis of this site on cold process
soapmaking, but have included other methods and links as a service to
those folks who want to try other ways. i feel i'm getting more melt
and pour links than i really want and would discourage you from
requesting a link if that's the main thrust of your site. i also don't
list links with the goal of increasing web traffic. i try to list links
pertinent to cold process soapmaking for those who want to make their
own (not sites that are selling finished soap and toiletry products).
i've
been receiving a lot of reciprocal link requests and no longer want to
take the time to answer each one. i hope you will see this and
understand if you didn't hear back from me.
thank you!
-kathy miller


 

on garden
page, etc. ...




garden
           desktop images
miller
            favorite family recipes (food... not soap!)






meet
            the miller family
soaps for sale page





 
our daughter, diane, has opened an etsy shop with cute little critters, so here is a shameless plug for her and a link: 



 *apology*
... to those of you who have emailed me this year (2012) and have never
heard a peep out of me... i'm sorry. i don't have as much time for
personal email responses as i once did and added to that have been a
couple of trips, a surgery, garden catch-up, church responsibilities,
soapmaking and orders and more visits from children and grandchildren
who have moved nearby. i just can't keep up. if your email involved
troubleshooting of a recipe or a lengthy response, it was probably put
aside for when there was more time and then fell through the cracks
because "more time" didn't happen. :-/ i don't see that changing
through the end of 2012. i hope you understand and know i would love to
be able to acknowledge every email i get.




 
page name and
             link
 
 


 
description of
             page contents
 
 


 

most          frequently asked ?'s 

 
here it is!... for those of
         you who don't want to scour all those soapy success pages,
         i've listed a dozen commonly asked questions... start here!
     :-)



troubleshooting
           help! 

check this out!
       :-) - i should have created this page
         years ago when the site started to bloat! ;-) start
           here if you have a failed batch. i've listed the most common problems and how to avoid them in
     the future. you'll also find some suggestions for various rebatching techniques.




soap handouts in
            pdf format
 

i've had these
         handouts on my computer for a long time... for
         use in classes i've taught. they are a distillation of the
         most valuable information from the site, and although not
         totally updated, should be useful to those who want
         printouts of the basics. thanks to my new mac... i can save
         them in pdf format for viewing and downloading. if you plan
         to teach a soapmaking class, you are free to use these
         materials. :-)
         
         i've added a page on troubleshooting your
         botched batches. 




traditional
            methods with notes
 

this was originally the first page
         of the site. it is the old lye company instructions
         with my notes included. it gives you an old basic
         tallow/lard recipe and also instructions on things
         such as how to render, preparing
         and cleaning fats, temperatures, reclaiming separated
         batches (there are better ways, however!). they also
         give some soap variations and recipe
         suggestions. this is where i started and it has some
         helpful information on the basics of soapmaking and working
         with raw fats. 




modern
            soapmaking procedures
 

here is how i make soap now, with
         lots of suggestions on the following subjects: mixing
         technique using a stick blender,
         swirling techniques, working with fragrance
         oils, using a box mold and cutting soap
         using a miter box, how to make soap
         balls, coloring soap with alkanet
         root... 




design your
            own recipe!
 

this page is a must read! it covers
         saponification values, lye calculation and
         discounting, properties of oils and gives rules of
         thumb for using colorants, fragrance, how much
         liquid, etc.
some generous soapmakers
         contributed this delightful soapy explanation with
         illustrations in order to visually explain the process
         of saponification and lye discounting. i just love
         this! thanks to pat b! and jennifer davis of canis art!
         here is the
         link: http://www.canis-art.com/soaping.htm 



quick reference sap chart

here is a quick overview of sap numbers. it's not new to the site, but had not been linked from this menu.





soap recipe
            spreadsheet template
 

chris mathes, a generous computer
         savvy soaper, contributed this excel spreadsheet
         template for your use! go to this page to download
         the template, read about what it can offer and how to use
         it. 




where to
            find ingredients
 

here's a good page to read if
         you're not sure where to start looking for things like
         lye, base oils, fragrances, etc. with sections on fragrance
         addition rate, colorants and "cheap" soap molds.
it also has pictures of the common brands of lye sold in
         the u.s. and canada so you'll know what you're looking
         for. 




all-vegetable
            soaps and recipes
 

recipes using only vegetable oils
         as a base. i've posted many combinations for folks who have
         limited availability of oils... but personally prefer some
         recipes more than others for overall quality. those are
         noted. 




recipes
            using animal fats
 

i've posted a few "improved"
         tallow/lard recipes that incorporate coconut and olive oils
         for a better bar. also, there are some recipes contributed
         by others. 




castile soap
            recipes
 

these are recipes that have a
         majority of olive oil in their makeup. i don't have one with
         100% olive because it's kind of a pain to work with and the
         resulting bars are more prone to getting spongy and slimy in
         use. some folks love them, however! 




no scale?
            soap recipes using fluid measures
 

my friend, rachael, submitted this
         helpful information for those who do not have a scale. with
         the new larger size of lye container, they will still need
         to find a way to weigh out the lye, however. here you will
         find a liquid conversion chart that will allow
         you to measure the various oils in a typical fluid measuring
         cup that is designed for the weight of water (like a pyrex
         glass measuring cup). she has also submitted recipes
         based on common sizes of fats at time of
         purchase. 




"soapy success" and
            faq's
 

here you will find tons of
         questions and experiences from other soapers.
         before you ask me a question, take a look at the 'soapy
         success' pages because it's quite likely to have been
         answered there already (and notice that i've now added
         a new troubleshooting
         page, link above). it got so big that i broke some of it off
         into the two following pages. this main page is mostly the
         experiences and general questions of others. before you
         dive into this, check out the new most
         frequently asked questions page.
         it might save you time and me an email! :-) 




botched
            batches
 

read about other people's fiascoes
         and find out what went wrong! ...great therapy if you're
         having trouble. ;-) 




rebatching,
            remelting, remilling, etc.
 

if your batch suffered a fatal
         separation, go here to read about how to reclaim it. all
         questions that involve rebatching have been put on this
         page. 




tips from others on making clear glycerin soap
 

rachael levitan, jeff bobeck and kristy of lovely lathers have generously shared their methods for making clear
         glycerin soap. if you have
         problems... better ask them and not me! i've never mastered
         this. :-) 




ph testing in
            soap - article by ann-perius parker (reprinted
            with permission)
 

with her permission, i'm posting
         wonderful ph information from ann-perius parker, who has
         done a lot of research on the subject. i personally don't ph
         test my soaps, but many of you ask about this. 




what type
            of soaper are you?
 

this started as a hilarious
         email sent to me by rachael and has been expanded by the
         contributions of others! 




sign
            the guestbook
 

i used to try to respond to
         everyone who signed the guestbook, but i'm no longer able to
         keep up. i want you all
         to know how much i appreciate the kind comments offered by
         so many of you. i would
         be ungrateful not to let you know somehow and telling you
         here seemed like the best way since i can't always respond
         personally. it always warms my heart to know that you've
         received great pleasure from the craft of soapmaking, solved
         a skin problem for someone in your family, or been able to
         supplement your income because of this information on the
         web. makes the time spent maintaining the website
         worthwhile. thanks!
         :-) 




kathy's
            soapmaking links
 

more links than you have time to
         browse... here are many sites to help you in your quest to
         become a soapmaker. if you find one that is not working or
         has moved... please email me and i'll try to get it updated
         in a timely fashion... but it could take longer! 




canadian
            soapmaking links
 

thanks to rachael and jules... here
         are some links for canadian soapers! :-) 




 
usa
today...
the "miller's homemade soap
information" page received mention at the end of an article in usa
today that ran from july 9-12, 1999.  i have received permission to post the
article since it was taken off the usa today site. while it is old, much of the information is still helpful to novices.  you
can now view it by clicking
here.
 

 

homemade soaps for
   sale
 
click
   here for details...






 



 



 



 



 
 




garden
             desktop images
miller
              favorite family recipes (food... not soap!)






meet
              the miller family
soaps for sale page





  


 
 

  
since june 20, 1998

 
 







 
sign
         my guestbook 
view
         my guestbook



  
i used to try
to respond to everyone who signed
the guestbook, but i'm no longer able to keep up.
i want you all to know how much i
appreciate the kind comments offered by so many of
you. i would be ungrateful not
to let you know somehow and telling you here seemed like the best way
since i can't always respond personally. it always warms my heart to
know that you've received great pleasure from the craft of
soapmaking, solved a skin problem for someone in your family, or been
able to supplement your income because of this information on the
web. makes the time spent maintaining the website worthwhile.
thanks! :-)
  

















debra hughes, breeder
chehalis,
         washington
http://www.tannhausershepherds.com 
our former neighbor and
         babysitter in years past is now the breeder of quality
         german shepherds and has recently relocated. my apologies
         for this not being soap related, but i wanted to help her
         get more exposure. if you are interested, visit her website!
         :-)



puppy from
         november 2004 litter 



  



meet the miller
   family
return to top of
   page

 
visit the garden page... what started it all!...click
here to go to the garden index.







a virtual tour of our pacific northwest garden,
         gardening
         information, garden journal, and a soapmaking
         page! 
we garden in zone 8.
this site best viewed in thousands of
         colors.
 






this page last updated 23 january 2024.



 

©unless otherwise specified, all
       materials and photos on this website are the property of kathy
       miller and are not to be used for web or commercial purposes
       without permission.


olympic views logo designed by our son,
       robert miller.



if you still have questions, please read through the information on the troubleshooting help page, most frequently asked
questions, design your own recipe and modern procedures. more can also be learned through the botched batches and soapy success
pages. many common problems have already been addressed on the site and
it's difficult for me to keep up with emails these days and get
anything else done. if your question involves my looking up information
that you can also research, or going over numbers and recipe
calculations, i might not respond if in the middle of a project around
our home and garden. i apologize for this, since i've enjoyed my
correspondence with people and don't like to ignore emails of any kind.
thanks! :-) 
