











saminco inc. - a driving force in power




































skip to main content


search








 saminco inc.
a driving force in power




menu

products

vfd drive systems

ac to ac with separate rectifier
ac to ac vfd
dc to ac vfd


dc drive systems

ac to dc
dc to dc


motors

pump motors
traction motors


accessories

auxiliary power supplies
battery chargers
brake modules
capacitor bank
displays
down chopper
emc filters
ground fault / cable break detection
handheld programmer
inductors
radio control systems
rectifiers
switches
vehicle control modules


industrial controls
services & partners products


resources

catalog
brochures
technical manuals


about

our locations
accomplishments
staff & services directories
careers
news


gallery

videos
photos


 us / english

 india / english
 south africa / english


search
contact us
request a quote
 












saminco international
developing, manufacturing and supplying high power dc and ac electric traction drives and complete electrical systems for the mining industry.

see our product range












iso 9001: 2015 certification
saminco international has been awarded an iso 9001:2015 certification for quality management system for our florida headquarters and manufacturing facility. we design and manufacture electric traction drives and battery chargers for the mining and rail industry.








see our certificate










new vfd-3 system for mining vehicles
vfd-3 system for mining vehicles is a modular, flexible drive system. designed for easy installation and maintenance, it uses the latest in communication technology and electrical design to provide a compact, hard working package that will fit into new or existing vehicles.

see vfd-3 system













ac vfd system
saminco ac vfd system powers a rebuilt continuous miner headed to mexico.  we also have systems in the united states and india featuring our jr1000 system. here it is in the installation phase.

see jr1000 system









2025 west virgina coal showapril 15 & 16, 2025charleston, wv
saminco will be exhibiting in booth 527. make your plans now to attend and see what is new.

exhibitor





saminco international products
saminco international is a leader in the field of advanced electrical engineering solutions, where we specialize in the development, manufacture, and supply of high-power dc and ac electric traction drives and complete electrical systems tailored for the mining industry. 




vfd drive systems






dc drive systems






motors






accessories






industrial controls






services & partner products











download the latest brochures & technical manuals
download our latest product catalog and brochures.  if you need additional information, contact us. technical manuals are available upon request.

see all our resources







why choose saminco international
since 1992, saminco international has been developing and manufacturing high power dc and ac drives and complete electrical systems for the mining industry.  utilizing the latest in technology with the expert capabilities of our engineering r&d team, we are able to design products that meet and exceed our customers’ needs. we have expanded our product lines to provide complete electrical systems for all types of mining, industrial and transportation equipment.

read more about saminco














saminco’s depth of experience as well as its smaller size means it can take on smaller projects of just one or a few machines right up to whole fleets and also stands out in having experience that cuts across the coal and hard rock divide in mining.
international mining magazine, february 2020




our latest news & blogs
 featured saminco ac vfd is at work in baja california on a phillips global continuous miner press release saminco a800715 – js400 drive and associated components company news saminco international receives accreditation for iso 9001:2015





if you use this website, we will assume that you are happy we use cookies. you may block non-essential cookies from this site. read more about our cookies policy.



accept all cookies
reject non-essential cookies









contact us by phone:main (239) 561-1561toll free (866) 878-4279


products

vfd drive systems
dc drive systems
motors
accessories
industrial controls
services & partner products



resources

catalog
brochures
technical manuals
videos
photo gallery



about us

careers
staff & service directory
locations
contact us



find us on social media








certifications for fort myers headquarters and manufacturing facility












contact


 










 full name
 
 company
 
 phone (optional)
 
 email
 
 department 
select departmentsalessupportr&d
 your message (optional)
 
7 + 3 = ? 









© 2025 saminco inc. all rights reserved
privacy policy
cookie policy
 



























