









lanes school of driving | learn to drive in london, kent, surrey




























































































 please call today on 020 8166 5678 
 
reviews
areas covered
contact us

















                menu              
company

about us meet the team news
learn with lanes

single and block lessons automatic lessons lady lanes lanes gold theory training after pass courses
intensive crashcourses

intensive courses terms and conditions
instructor training

introduction course details driving instructor training course fees terms & conditions
adi’s wantedbuy now




















 





lanes school of driving
learn with lanes
 

flexible driving lessons
 in london, kent & surrey 

start now 







we have helped
thousands of pupils pass their test

 

call today
and find out how we can help you pass yours 

contact us 







do you want to
learn to drive in a bmw mini? 

at lanes gold you can!
just request at time of booking  

find out more 



 



lanes school of driving, over 100 years of teaching students to drive throughout london, kent & surrey



with over 100 years of experience in teaching pupils to drive throughout london, kent & surrey, we can help you pass your test whether you are 17 or 70, male or female, nervous or not – we have the know-how.

with dsa registered, approved driving instructors throughout london, kent & surrey, we can pick you up from your home, school, college or office and you will never have to share your car with another pupil.




lanes school of driving has been teaching the public to drive since 1914. imagine the changes we’ve seen – from the early cars with no power steering and solid tyres up to the cars of today with all the assistance a driver could need. starting from humble beginnings, lanes was founded on the principle of quality instruction at affordable prices. over the years lanes’ reputation grew via word of mouth, and today we are one of the largest independent driving schools in the country. lanes have taught generations of drivers and we can draw upon a wealth of experience that few schools can match.


call us today on 020 8166 5678

















we are hiring!


we’re looking for approved driving instructors and those wanting to train! get in touch today on 020 8166 5678.
do you know of anyone who is currently looking for a new opportunity? refer them to us!





lanes school of driving has been teaching locals to drive for over 100 years. our school is well established in london, kent, and surrey. if you are local to us please give us a call today. do not worry about making your way to your local lanes driving school. we can pick you up from your front doorstep.


areas covered


weekly or single lesson tuition is still one of the most popular ways to learn to drive, and this will give you the opportunity to proceed at a steady pace with plenty of time to practice between lessons. if you looking to condense your learning experience, you can however choose one of lanes intensive driving courses.


learn with lanes


an intensive course gives you the opportunity to learn to drive in a very short space of time. not all students will need the same course; some having already taken lessons with a driving instructor or practiced with family, others at the start of their learning and should take a longer course. lanes course advisors will willingly give advice on the best course for you.


nationwide intensive crashcourseslearn with laneslady laneslanes goldautomatic lessonsafter pass courseslady lanes


lady lanes provides female pupils with female instructors. in our experience female instructors have better empathy for the needs of female pupils. after all, they were female pupils themselves once! all our female instructors have excellent communication skills. if you lack confidence behind the wheel, they will help you build confidence. they are extremely patient and understanding, and will be supportive in their approach.


read more





lanes gold


at lanes we believe that learning to drive should be a pleasurable experience. to this end, we created “lanes gold”, our premium service for discerning pupils. with lanes gold, you can take your lessons in a bmw mini, vauxhall corsa sxi or ford fiesta. lanes gold prices are the same as ordinary lanes prices


read more





automatic lessons


automatic cars are just easier to drive. with manual cars, you will have to physically change the gears and control the clutch pedal. this is a big challenge if you have not driven before. bad clutch control will lead to frequent stalling of the car which is a common problem for beginners. with automatic cars all you will have to worry about is steering the car and going faster or slowing down. there is no clutch and all the gear changing is being done for you. if you are not confident about your driving abilities or just want to learn as quickly and efficiently as possible, automatic cars could be the right choice for you.


read more





after pass courses


firstly we would like to congratulate you if you have just passed your driving test! lanes school of driving has further training available which has many benefits for experienced motorists as well as new drivers.


read more





instructor training


lanes has been involved in training prospective instructors for over three decades, training men and women from all walks of life to become driving standard agency approved driving instructors(adi’s).


find out more









why now is the perfect time to become a driving instructor20th january 2025london’s roads are busy, and demand for skilled driving instructors has never been higher. with a booming population and a growing number of individuals looking to gain independence on the…
read moretips for passing your driving license exam in the uk15th may 2024obtaining a driver’s license in the uk requires you to clear a driving test, and the clearing rate of this test is lower than 50%. passing the driving test requires diligent preparation and a good understanding of road rules and regulations. 
read moretop 10 scenic driving routes in london and surrounding areas15th april 2024london offers you a blend of vibrant natural beauty and busy streets. embarking on a scenic driving journey around london and its surrounding areas unveils a tapestry of natural beauty, quaint villages and historic landmarks. 
read more

view more


if you want to discuss taking a lesson with us, please call us today on 020 8166 5678 or click here to send us an email via the contact page





get in touch with us on 020 8166 5678 or email *protected email*.
alternatively, you can complete the form below and a member of our friendly team will get back to you.





quick contact form 
nameemail addressphone numberpostcodemessagesend 



 









 

flexible driving lessons in london, kent & surrey


 27 hayes lane, bromley, kent, br2 9ea  020 8166 5678  *protected email*



useful links
home
company
learn with lanes
intensive crashcourses
areas covered
instructor training
news
contact
sitemap














            copyright ©  lanes school of driving. all rights reserved. website created by make me local.          

terms and conditions
privacy policy
cookies policy
disclaimer
 


top











 

homecompany▼about usmeet the teamnewslearn with lanes▼single and block lessonsautomatic lessonslady laneslanes goldtheory trainingafter pass coursesintensive crashcourses▼intensive coursesterms and conditionsreviewsinstructor training▼introductioncourse detailsdriving instructor trainingcourse feesterms & conditionsadi’s wantedareas coveredbuy nowcontact us 












we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






 

























change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




cookie policy




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
save settings

 









contact us


