



brooklyn divorce attorney | ny family law | arnel law firm



































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			









718-550-3024









						home
					


						attorneys
					


curt arnel

lauren arnel




						firm overview
					


preparing to meet with a family law attorney




						family law
					


annulments

child custody & visitation

child support

enforcement of orders

grandparents' rights

mediation & arbitration

modifications

orders of protection

parental alienation

parental relocation

paternity

violation of court orders

family court

family law glossary




						divorce
					


divorce & tax issues

high asset divorce

prenuptial agreements

property division

spousal support

uncontested divorce




						testimonials
					


						contact us
					





free consultations available
718-550-3024
























									divorce & family law
								


										responsive. attentive. experienced. 
									



									the attorneys at arnel law firm provide results-focused representation for your divorce & family law matters.
								


										schedule a free consultation
									







































































brooklyn divorce attorney

award-winning nyc divorce lawyers serving brooklyn, manhattan & queens





	at arnel law firm, we understand the challenges that people face when filing
	 for divorce and confronting other
	family law matters. our brooklyn divorce lawyers have been helping people through
	 difficult times since 1983. we offer experienced guidance and the ability
	 to vigorously defend our clients' rights and best interests when necessary.
	 our firm will always work to ensure your needs are met.


	a successful case almost always requires knowledge of more than just the law.
	brooklyn divorce attorney
	curt arnel is a certified public accountant with more than 35 years of experience
	 in divorce and
	family law matters.




	he brings a depth of knowledge and familiarity with financial matters and
	 documentation that allows him to have a broader understanding of the situations
	 his clients face. but skill and knowledge alone are not enough –
	 an effective
	family lawyer should also be compassionate. together,
	brooklyn divorce lawyers
	curt and
	lauren arnel deliver thoughtful and personalized representation with a client-focused
	 approach. we serve clients throughout brooklyn, manhattan, and queens, ny.


call us today at
		(718) 550-3024 to discuss your case with our
	divorce lawyer in brooklyn, ny.















over 35 years of experience in family lawpractice areas tailored to help you & your family



child custody



child support



divorce



high-net worth divorce



property division



spousal support





view all practice areas











meet our teamour family is prepared to help yours








lauren  arnel
partner








curt  arnel
partner










 / 





















	clients share
	their stories


at arnel law firm, we believe in empowering our clients by equipping them
	 with the tools, resources, knowledge, and support needed to make informed
	 and effective decisions. above all, we want to see your case resolved
	 successfully. take a look at what others have to say about their experiences
	 working with our brooklyn divorce law firm.







when i left the court room that day i was so happy my blood pressure went down.
“mr. arnel thank you very much for your help. when i received the court paper i wanted to call someone for help, you were the first lawyer i call. you had help me before with some child support ...”
- j.m.




they are honest from the start
“excellent law firm. i am a father/service member that was awarded primary physical custody, final decision making of my son, and my child support payments was terminated thanks to arnel law firm. ...”
- m.d.




i could not have asked for better!
“mr. arnel and his daughter ms. lauren arnel litigated my divorce jurisdiction dispute with complete success. i felt very confident in their advocacy of my case. mr. arnel is a gifted attorney; i could ...”
- rachel a.




so attentive and knowledgeable.
“i was extremely devastated when i reached out to the law office due to concern over a potential custody battle. i left a message and was contacted the same day and time that i was given. curt was so ...”
- former client




open and honest.
“if you are looking for a attorney that's very knowledgeable in his practice definitely speak with curt ariel. he's open and honest. mr. ariel answered all of my questions and i feel better about ...”
- s.d.








 / 












read more testimonials









the divorce process in brooklyn, ny
new york state residency and grounds requirements for divorce

	our brooklyn divorce law firm has been helping clients with their
	divorce proceedings for over 35 years. we recognize that it is not always easy to
	navigate a divorce, however,
	with the right divorce lawyer, it is manageable.

here is how to file for a divorce in brooklyn, ny:

	first, we ask that our clients meet the
	new york state residency requirements to file for a divorce. there are a few ways to meet these requirements:


either you or your spouse must have been living in the state of new york
		 continuously for at least two years before filing for the divorce.

		either you or your spouse must have been living in the state continuously
		 for at least one year before the start of the divorce case
		and

you got married in new york, you lived in new york as a married couple,
		 or the grounds for your divorce took place in new york.


	additionally, there must be
	grounds for the divorce.
	there are seven, legally acceptable grounds for a divorce:


abandonment
abuse
breakdown in the marriage for a period of at least six months
jail time
adultery
separation agreement of one year
judgment of separation

divorce timeline

	the
	timeline for a divorce in new york depends on three factors: how soon you can file your paperwork, how quickly
	 your spouse returns the paperwork, and how fast the judge can sign the
	 final judgement of divorce (this depends on judge availability).

in the event that your divorce is contested, or you and your spouse are
	 unable to come to a mutual agreement about your divorce, your divorce
	 will take more time to finalize.
timeline for a contested divorce


file a summons: one spouse (the petitioner) will file a summons and complaint or summons
		 with notice with the county clerk’s office to solidify his/her decision
		 to end the marriage. the petitioner then has 120 days to serve this summons
		 to the other spouse (the defendant).
	

serve the divorce papers: the petitioner has up to 120 days once the summons has been filed to serve
		 the defendant. the defendant has around 20 to 30 days to respond to this
		 summons and agree to the terms or contest them.
	

file a request for judicial intervention (rji): once you have
		filed for a divorce and received a response from the defendant, then you will file a request
		 for judicial intervention. this document is an official agreement between
		 both spouses and asks that the court set up a preliminary conference date
		 within 45 days.
	

file a statement of net worth: each spouse must file a net worth statement no later than ten days before
		 the preliminary conference date.
	

set a preliminary conference date: this must be set within 45 days of the rji filing. on this day, the court
		 will discuss the divorce, determine any potential issues, and decide on
		 an official hearing date.
	

discovery period: the
		attorneys will gather evidence against each side to build a case for their clients.
		 this period must be completed within six months of the preliminary conference date.
	

schedule a divorce trial: the judge will issue a ruling after this trial.
	


is ny a 50 50 divorce state?

no, new york is not a 50/50 divorce state. in new york, the court will
			 divide marital property equitably, which does not mean equality. the court
			 will consider various factors, including the length of the marriage, the
			 contributions of each partner to the wedding, and the economic circumstances
			 of each spouse.
sometimes, the court may award a 50/50 split of marital property. however,
			 this is only sometimes the case. considering all relevant factors, the
			 court will make a fair decision for both spouses.
if you are considering divorce in new york, speaking with a family law
			 attorney who can help you understand your rights and options is essential.



contact our office today to schedule a consultation with our
		top-rated divorce law firm in brooklyn.



















								why hire arnel law firm?
							






personalized solutions for you.
every case has its own unique circumstances that requires a methodical, thoughtful plan.




protect your assets and future.
safeguarding your best interests is always at the forefront of our approach to your case.




experience makes the difference.
no matter how simple or complex your case, experience is essential in obtaining results.








							contact us today
						








first name

							            please enter your first name.
							        





last name

							            please enter your last name.
							        





phone

							            please enter your phone number.
							        

							            this isn't a valid phone number.
							        





email

										please enter your email address.
									

										this isn't a valid email address.
									






yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.

are you a new client?




										please make a selection.
									





message

											please enter a message.
										






send information














					stay updated
				
the latest family law news






the role of forensic accountants in high-asset divorces
jan 27
divorces involving substantial wealth and complex financial structures are never simple. they demand a meticulous approach to ...

view article




legal options for brooklyn grandparents denied access to grandchildren after divorce
jan 15
family dynamics often change drastically after a divorce, and grandparents can sometimes find themselves denied access to their ...

view article




understanding spousal support in new york: differences between alimony & child support
dec 23
divorce and separation bring a variety of legal and financial considerations, many of which can be unfamiliar and complex for ...

view article

























718-550-3024












local office



							81 court street
							
								5th floor
							
						

brooklyn,
						ny 
11201
map & directions [+]






quick links



home

family law

divorce

blog

contact us

site map

privacy policy






follow us



























the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.


















