





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


nevada judge reschedules trial for the suspect in tupac shakur’s 1996 killing for next yearby ty oneil, associated press las vegas (ap) — a nevada judge on tuesday postponed the murder trial of the onl… texas measles cases are up, and new mexico now has an outbreak. here’s what you need to knowby devi shastri, associated press the measles outbreak in rural west texas has grown to 58 cases as of tuesday… quick bites | santa cruz beach boardwalk clam chowder cook-off tasting kits up for presalesanta cruz clam chowder cook-off selling tasting kits in advance the annual santa cruz clam chowder cook-off i… should you use your tax refund to pay off debt?households are carrying record levels of debt. balances climbed to $18.04 trillion in the fourth quarter of 20… top 10 destinations for epic whale watching around the worldturns out that whale scene in will ferrell and rachel mcadams’ hilarious 2020 movie, “eurovision song contest:… john madden’s grandson jesse lands his first nfl coaching jobjesse madden is following his late grandfather john’s hall of fame footsteps into the nfl coaching ranks. the… republican states claim zero abortions. a red-state doctor calls that ‘ludicrous’by sarah varney, kff health news in arkansas, state health officials announced a stunning statistic for 2023:… white house says elon musk is trump’s adviser and not the doge administratorby lindsay whitehurst washington (ap) — the white house says billionaire elon musk is not the administrator of… saudi arabia’s crown prince wins points for hosting the russia-us summit on ukraineby jon gambrell dubai, united arab emirates (ap) — saudi arabia’s crown prince wasn’t in the room for the firs… as israel uses us-made ai models in war, concerns arise about tech’s role in who lives and who diesby michael biesecker, sam mednick and garance burke tel aviv, israel (ap) — u.s. tech giants have quietly empo…  


why the break room is ideal venue to host san jose jazz new works festcarved out of san jose jazz’s downtown office during the height of the pandemic,… costa rica agrees to take in asian, indian deportees from usby annie correal | the new york times costa rica announced on monday that it wou… trump gives schools a deadline to end dei programsby collin binkley | associated press washington — the trump administration is gi… san jose office building is bought in deal that shows feeble marketsan jose — a big office building in san jose has been bought at a price that’s f… 6 great cookies to make without eggsthe egg shortage and resulting high prices have home bakers looking for eggless… blake lively and ryan reynolds accused of minimizing sexual harassment with ‘snl50’ bitwhen blake lively was promoting “it ends with us,” she faced a torrent of online… republicans considering billions of dollars in cuts to medicaidby amanda seitz, andrew demillo and kevin freking | associated press washington… concord police fatally shoot man they confronted stabbing relative in residenceconcord — a man was fatally shot by police tuesday morning after they confronted… john madden’s grandson jesse lands his first nfl coaching jobjesse madden is following his late grandfather john’s hall of fame footsteps int… groundbreaking ‘froggy’ gets world premiere in walnut creekin some ways, video games have an advantage over blockbuster films. while the la…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


native american activist leonard peltier released from prisonmr. peltier was convicted in the killing of two f.b.i. agents. an order from for… trump’s revenge now includes his takeover of the kennedy centerwhat will a thin-skinned showman do with an institution central to washington’s… europe, dazed by trump, confronts hard choices in ukrainefaced with undisguised hostility from the trump administration, europeans are pr… two tiny captives, symbols of hostage crisis, to come home dead, hamas sayshamas said it would turn over the bodies of the boys, ariel bibas and his baby b… arctic air could bring dangerous temperatures to parts of the u.s.and a winter storm could dump up to a foot of snow from the central plains to th… hochul meeting on eric adams’s future plunges him deeper into crisiswith four key deputy mayors saying they planned to step down, mayor eric adams i… u.s.-russia talks in saudi arabia set to go beyond ukrainethe two sides met in saudi arabia for their most extensive discussions in years…. as deadline for withdrawal lapses, israel says it will stay in southern lebanonisraeli forces pulled out of populated areas in southern lebanon, but retained c… hochul to weigh removing mayor eric adams. here’s what to know.after four top aides to mayor eric adams resigned, calls for him to step down ar… hamas to release 6 living hostages to israel this weekendthe militant group’s chief negotiator also said hamas would increase the number…  


hamas says it will return bodies of four hostages including bibas familythe palestinian group claims that shiri and her children kfir and ariel were kil… israeli troops stay inside south lebanon after withdrawal deadlinesoldiers will stay in five places around the border, israel says – a move condem… who was at the table at us-russia talks in saudi arabia?three americans and two russians took part in the negotiations and agreed to res… russia won't accept nato troops in ukraine, lavrov says after talks with usthe meeting was the first time since russia’s full-scale invasion of ukraine tha… watch: toronto plane crash analysed by aviation expertstwo aviation experts have analysed footage of the plane crash and explored what… villagers killed execution-style in sudan, activists saymore than 200 civilians have been killed by paramilitaries, a rights group says.argentina's president milei denies crypto fraud allegationsjavier milei says he was acting in “good faith” when he posted about a crypto cu… japan to increase reliance on nuclear energy in post-fukushima shifta new energy plan cites growing demand from power-hungry ai data centres and sem… passenger films his escape from upside down crashed planevideo shows people clamber over belongings and seats from inside the plane that… germany's tensions over immigration laid bare ahead of electionin the western city of oberhausen the bbc finds conflicting attitudes towards im…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


lloyds is auditing thousands of it staffers' technical skillslloyds banking group is assessing the skills of thousands of technology staffers… 27% of job listings for cfos now mention aia new report released by cisco finds that 97% of ceos surveyed are planning ai i… deepseek expands business scope in potential shift towards monetizationchinese ai startup deepseek has updated its business registry information with k… nokia is putting the first cellular network on the moonan anonymous reader shares a report: later this month, intuitive machines, the p… scientists develop 'injection' to make smartphone and ev batteries last longerscmp: chinese scientists have developed a revolutionary repair technology that c… 'unconventional' nickel superconductor excites physicistsa new family of superconductors is exciting physicists. compounds containing nic… acer to raise us laptop prices 10% after tariffsacer will raise laptop prices in the united states by 10% next month due to trum… former staffers say india's biggest it firm was gaming the us visa systemindia’s tata consultancy services allegedly manipulated u.s. visa programs by fa… free software foundation speaks up against red hat source code announcementpajamian writes: two years ago red hat announced an end to its public source cod… playstation veteran blames gaming industry slump on pandemic overexpansionformer playstation executive shuhei yoshida has attributed the current wave of v…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























