






amoa national dart association | competitive soft tip dart throwing












































































































 
 











skip to content























operator login























 
homeabout us our mission our history our leadership our staff nda hall of fameevents team dart remote tournaments regional tournaments junior tournaments annual meeting nda industry calendar tip programmembership membership types operator charterholders manufacturer sponsors/amoa nda sanctioned players suppliers/associate members application and process charterholder programs and services player benefits pending and new charterholder membersfind a leaguenda shopwebinarsresources nda rules photo gallery news / press affiliated companies and organizationscontact
































 













welcome to the






amoa-national dart association
















nda charter holder member application








player sign up remote dart tournament registration 
































about nda











we are an international trade service organization focused on the sport of electronic darting. started in 1986 by a group of amusement operators who recognized the potential and value of dart leagues, nda now includes more than 250 dart vendors and 46,000 players.
nda sponsors and conducts one of the world’s largest, longest-running events for league participants: the annual team dart tournament in las vegas that attracts 3,000 players from the u.s. and several nations around the world. it also offers a range of other programs, services and tourneys for its members and the industry.
we invite you to check us out and to contact us if you’re interested in joining nda, have questions or would like more information about the amoa-national dart association (nda).




























































































soft-tip darts is an activity where players of all skill levels can find fun, competition and a growing community of people who share the same enthusiasm for the sport.


















over 46,000 players are sanctioned annually, participating in dart leagues run by our members in over 10,000 locations worldwide.


















the nda model—and success story—revolves around leagues managed by coin-op vendors who own the dart machines and organize regularly-scheduled play with their location customers.

















our mission











the mission of the nda is to be the acknowledged leader and representative of electronic darting.











our events






nda sponsors and conducts one of the world’s largest, longest-running events for league participants: the annual team dart tournament in las vegas that attracts 3,000 players from the u.s. and several nations around the world.   it also offers a range of other programs, services and tourneys for its members and the industry.







view events






























join us






we invite you to check us out and to contact us if you’re interested in joining nda, have questions or would like more information about the amoa-national dart association (nda).







application



































our manufacturer & association sponsors











the nda would like to thank the following  manufacturer & association sponsors for their commitment to the excellence and growth of the sport of electronic darting. their contributions to the sport of electronic darting have been and continue to be vital to the nda and its members.

















































































































 














follow us on social media!































































the nda is dedicated to the standardization, recognition, promotion, and growth of electronic dart competition worldwide.









faqs
privacy policy
disclaimer & terms











© 2025 national dart association. all rights reserved. powered by true mtn









 



 




 




 







×




 

































