


2 hot chiks























	2 hot chiks
	



monday, june 30, 2008



	 
	 flood report, part 2
	 
    
i've been pre-occupied lately. last week a group of us did some fund-raising and came up with over $4,200 for the four people we work with who lost their homes in the flood. my company is doing nothing. in fact, during the flooding, we got an email that literally said, "buck up and try to focus on your work."people here are very grateful that there was no loss of life during the floods. it was the victims of katrina paid our tuition for the lessons required to survive so well. we learned from their experience. we learned from their unimaginable losses.our communities organized and banded together. major businesses (other than my souless company) shut down and sent their people home or out to help where help was needed. we had mandatory evacuations. we set up huge animal shelters so no one refused to leave home because they couldn't abandon their pets.when i look around my town, i see massive damage in so many treasured places, however, i'm very aware that it could have been so much worse.on the other hand, there have been huge losses that the rest of the world doesn't really know about ... or at least doesn't appreciate. whole towns are gone forever. most of them will never be rebuilt. these are little towns where some families have lived for generations. in these towns, when a person walks into the local diner, everyone knows their name. seventy-five per cent of the town shows up for the high school football games. they have a casey's and a hardees somewhere along main street, and that's where most of the high school kids hang out. seriously, there are still towns like that. but, because of the devastating flooding, some of these multi-generational communities have been completely destroyed. they are gone forever. a few folks might rebuild near one another, but most will scatter to larger nearby towns and cities. the country mourned katrina's destruction of the historical landmarks and culture of new orleans and other parts of the coasts of louisiana and mississippi. and, of course, we mourned, and still mourn the terrible human losses. however, i hope some folks take the time to empathize with these little midwestern towns. they might not be important to thousands and thousands of people around the world, but their passing deserves recognition. i'm not from a small town, but my heart goes out to the people who loved and lost all that was ever home.there is so much work to do to recover from these floods. fema has been here to help. the president stopped by for a few hours last week. (i suppose it was a good thing to do, but he annoyed me when his motorcade got in my way and made me late for lunch).hey, i wonder if any celebrities are going to show up to help.

posted by theresa @ 6/30/2008 12:22:00 pm
9 comments






friday, june 20, 2008



	 
	 a shoe for every occassion
	 
    
these are what all the best-dressed gals are wearing in iowa this week.

posted by theresa @ 6/20/2008 10:11:00 am
7 comments






sunday, june 15, 2008



	 
	 500 year flood
	 
    
 this is the trail that i normally take for my morning walk. it's 2 blocks from my house. this street is 4 blocks away. the animal shelter is at the end.a street five blocks away ...they say a flood like this only happens once every 500 years.things will never be the same. 18 buildings at the university of iowa have been flooded, including the main library, student union and the art building; homes and businesses are ruined; and thousands of people are indefinitely displaced.one of my best friends/co-workers had to evacuate his 2nd floor apartment last thursday. the water reached his level yesterday. he's safely staying with family 2 hours away. however, he can't get to work and our company won't pay him for the time he's away. it will be a week or two before he can return. when i talked to him today, he said that he'll come back for his salvaged belongings, but he's not returning to iowa city.the main highway between iowa city and cedar rapids has been closed for 3 days and may be closed for another 4 days. the two cities are closely connected in many ways. many of my friends and co-workers live there. currently, the recommended detour to cedar rapids is through des moines. that's a 281 mile trip one way. normally, it's a quick 25 mile drive.iowa city has been fortunate compared to cedar rapids. the damage hasn’t been as severe and we didn’t lose water or power. also, because our river is controlled by a reservoir system, we had more time to prepare.like thousands of other volunteers, i spent many hours sand-bagging the last couple days. our efforts made a difference as many properties were spared damage. today, we're feeling relieved as we learned that the river has crested.now, the hard work begins for so many people. clean-up, repair, and recovery.  i'll pitch in and do everything i can, but for me, it's a choice not a requirement because i haven't been directly affected.once again, i've been spared personal loss. two years ago, a tornado struck one block from my house taking several homes and businesses. this year, the flood water came within two blocks of me.i'm a very lucky girl.

posted by theresa @ 6/15/2008 05:41:00 pm
10 comments






tuesday, june 10, 2008



	 
	 there's no place like home
	 
    
 iowa is a mess. first, tornadoes, then flooding.one of my coworkers has a relative in an effected area. they lost their barn and silo in a tornado. then, the father was in a terrible work related accident. last night their house was flooded and the flooding caused an electrical fire. after surviving a tornado and a near fatal accident, this man and woman, and their three small children, stood in a field up to their knees in mud and watched their home go up in flames. this family, and so many others, are in my prayers. parts of my city are flooding but so far we've been spared the damage many of our neighboring towns are suffering. an ef5 tornado, 1 mile wide, leveled the town of parkersburg. yesterday, mason city lost 3 of their 4 bridges. more rain is expected in the coming days.i live 3 blocks from the iowa river; however, my home sits on a bit of a hill. there was a bad flood here about 15 years ago but according to my neighbors, the water didn't come anywhere near our houses. right now, i feel fairly safe. if i don't later on, i have many friends with comfy, vacant couches.we have one non-flooded park left in the city.  after work last night, the man invited me to join him for a picnic in a gazebo at the park (because that's what people who are "just friends" do ... a bit confusing, but that's another story). it was raining lightly, but nothing like the terrible storms we've had the last several weeks. as we were leaving the park, the setting sun broke through the clouds and created one of the biggest, brightest rainbows i've ever seen. it reminded me that even the worst of times don’t last forever.today is a sunny, breezy 75 degrees ... and i'm counting my blessings.

posted by theresa @ 6/10/2008 11:31:00 am
10 comments






wednesday, may 21, 2008



	 
	 fabulous
	 
    
 she is so proud of herself!my favorite part of spring is when the bright red california poppies bloom. this year is going to be the best ever. my garden has over 4 dozen buds ready to burst. the first opened a couple days ago. she's fabulous, and she knows it!every so often, i feel that fabulous. i wish i could bottle that feeling and open it up whenever i need it.

posted by theresa @ 5/21/2008 08:15:00 am
12 comments






tuesday, may 20, 2008



	 
	 44 years
	 
    
despite a pouty beginning, i ended up having a wonderful day yesterday. i should know better than to feel sorry for myself. i have too much love in my life to justify such silliness. my friends ended up making the day wonderful. they got me tipsy and took me out. lots of other people sent me wishes for happiness. the man also called twice to make me laugh like crazy.my favorite gifts are the glazed flower pots above … a gift from the man. it’s remarkably thoughtful and generous for a guy who dumped me 2 weeks ago.

posted by theresa @ 5/20/2008 05:29:00 pm
3 comments






monday, may 19, 2008



	 
	 birthday
	 
    
today is my birthday.i’m feeling sorry for myself.  it’s kinda pitiful.i have everything in the world to be happy about.  i’m healthy.  i have a home and a decent job.  i have many fantastic friends.  and, i generally think i’m a pretty cool person.i’m still sad that i lost something important to me.  i really valued my relationship with the man.  it’s changed and the friendship we’re trying to create feels uncertain.  i don’t blame myself, but the loss hurts.  it’s as simple as that.other men are trying to get my attention.  i don’t want anyone else.  i’ve felt this way before about a couple other men.  i know it will pass with time; i know nearly everyone else in the world has been in this same place, but my heart is slow to heal.  it sucks.i know i’ll be ok.  i just wish i knew when.

posted by theresa @ 5/19/2008 12:11:00 pm
5 comments






thursday, may 15, 2008



	 
	 my heart for a song
	 
    
my favorite birthday present was a song. he called, then called back to my voicemail. the tiny bit of nervousness in his voice at the beginning made it all the sweeter. he pushed through and sang the words strong and true …let’s get it oni smiled over and over again as i listened to him sing to me a dozen times that day.he still has a place in my heart. he resides there, or more accurately, the things i’ve collected of him are carefully stored there. i keep cherished bits of him that he’s shared, both on purpose and accidentally; memories of laughter and tenderness, healing words that still soothe, and waves of tears for lost dreams.sometimes i still ache, but mostly i feel blessed for loving such a man.

posted by theresa @ 5/15/2008 08:16:00 am
5 comments






wednesday, may 14, 2008



	 
	 life is strange
	 
    
this is the weirdest break-up of my life. we talk every day or two just like we did before. he still calls me by the same silly pet name, i still giggle, and we still spend an hour laughing like idiots about stupid crap. once in a while we talk about the break-up. he doesn’t budge but still tries to make it all better.we’re spending saturday afternoon together at his house. i guess we’re supposed to hang out as “just friends”. he knows i don’t think of him that way. the whole thing is so ridiculous that it amuses me.if i was smart, i’d walk away. however, i’ve never been particularly smart about love … daring, but not smart. i don’t have an agenda. i don’t have a plan to change him or make him give me what i want. i can accept him exactly as he is. isn’t that part of loving someone? besides, i’m also curious as hell.in the mean time, another guy is sniffing around. it’s like a garage sale. there are always one or two people who show up at 7am even when the sale doesn’t start until eight. he’s one of those people. he wants to be the first one to check out my stuff. i told him that i’m not open for business. he’s a nice enough guy, but my heart isn’t ready.

posted by theresa @ 5/14/2008 09:03:00 pm
1 comments






saturday, may 10, 2008



	 
	 bargaining
	 
    
by the time we get to this age, we all carry a bit of baggage, some more than others. we can help one another along, but mostly it's stuff we have to sort out on our own. it's hard work that some people never seem able to do. and, sometimes the people that seem the most well-put-together have the biggest parcels to handle. other times those who have the most to offer have months or years of sorting to do before they have anything worth giving.i’ve worked long and hard to sort through my crap, much of that work right here on this blog. right or wrong, i hid myself away until i had my baggage whittled down into a manageable carry-on. it took a couple years and a few detours to really get my shit together. unfortunately, it seems as if my guy-guy is one of those people with a lot to offer but nothing to give right now. it’s not my fault. it’s not really his fault either. it’s just the way life works.i wish he’d say he has a plan to work it all out. he could ask me to hang in there for a while. i wouldn’t throw myself on my sword, but i’d help push the luggage cart if he said we were worth working for. instead, he just gives me explanations of his powerlessness. then, he distracts me by making me laugh. it makes him feel better because, even though he doesn’t say so, he can’t stand knowing he hurt me.he calls because he likes my company. i answer because i hope he’ll say what i want him to say.  if i don't hear something positive soon, it's going to get old fast. in fact, i think i might not feel like talking tonight.

posted by theresa @ 5/10/2008 08:10:00 pm
6 comments










there are a lot of degrading words used to describe girls and women.  one of them is “chick.”  since we rarely resemble small fuzzy farmyard animals, this term is rather absurd.  instead, we've reclaimed the word, reformatted it and are offering a new and improved definition.  see the 1st post, hot chiks code, in the oct. archives.

about me

name:  theresa 
location:  iowa, united states 
i'm one of two hot chiks hosting this blog.  while i strive to be a super hero, i'm learning to accept my place in the universe as the love goddess.  you'd think i'd be fully satisfied being a popular diety.  however, in my heart-of-hearts, i yearn for mutant-powers, a body-hugging lycra-spandex outfit and a gold lame' cape.
view my complete profile

previous posts

flood report, part 2
a shoe for every occassion
500 year flood
there's no place like home
fabulous
44 years
birthday
my heart for a song
life is strange
bargaining

archives

october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
september 2007
october 2007
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008

more than a little twisted
aisha the hottie-hot-hot chik
hot chiks love andy's tum-tum
a little piece of assclown
hot blaze chik
hot chiks love to bougie
brea the hot chik
capt. corkilicious
chick the hot chik
hot clew chik
crap flinging monkey
blah-blah dan
g'night hot chik
figleaf's hot chik approved sex
hot chik jayne
joy to be a hot chik
julie the pleasure hot chik
not so naive hot chik
practically perfect ed
perishable hot chik (erin)
popeye the scream
polyman's defaulted living
revision99 (hot!)
ron the not chik
hot sassy chik
shephard's alley (w/cute cats)
spin doctoring hot chik
steve sounding off
nosthegame2
hot tripped chik
turkish hot chik
ve's nonsenseness
zoooomin' hot chik











 





