




westport seabirds | all day pelagic bird-watching trips to see black-footed laysan albatross, flesh-footed, short-tailed and buller's shearwaters, south polar skua among many other offshore species albatross, fork-tailed storm-petrel etc












































like us on facebook
 








welcome to westportseabirds.com!


the entire westport seabirds crew had a great time with our valued customers during our 2024 season. thanks to all our for making this our 48th year such a memorable one!
our 2025 trips filled up extremely fast this year. we do maintain a waiting list, please call or email us if you would like to get on the list. 
access the reservation page by clicking on “2025 schedule” located on the lefthand side of this page.
we look forward to having you join us for one of our all day pelagic birdwatching trips to one of several deep water submarine canyons that are 30 nautical miles from the mouth of grays harbor, on the edge of the north american continental shelf. the outer half of the shelf and the canyons support a vast array of marine life. in addition to regular species like black-footed albatross and fork-tailed storm-petrel, our trips feature seasonal species such as laysan albatross, flesh-footed, short-tailed, and buller’s shearwaters, and south polar skua among many other offshore species. we are also looking for whales, dolphins, porpoises, fur seals and other marine life that populate this nutrient rich environment. 
 




			[show slideshow]		


































































































long-tailed jaeger 








flesh-footed shearwater 








northern fulmar 








black-footed albatross 








black-footed albatross 








south polar skua 








black-footed albatross 








sabine’s gull 

















about westport seabirds


 photograph, monte carlo
terry wahl initiated trips offshore to gray's canyon in september of 1966 and began systematic censusing in september of 1971, which continues through the present. westport seabirds trips have produced the longest running database of birds counted at sea in the world and have provided the foundation for several papers on seabirds of the northeast pacific, including m...

read more




information

2025 schedule
reservations
2024 trip results
preparing for a pelagic trip
possible species / season
westport seabirds staff
directions to westport  (lodging)
sea bird photo gallery
marine mammals/cetaceans photo gallery
2023 trip results
2022 trip results
2021 trip results
birding in washington state
past years trip results
checklist
seasickness
 

other links

like us on facebook
 







image gallery
 













2025 schedule available january 1
all of our trips go offshore to one of three deep water canyons approximately 28-35 miles offshore. these canyons are just beyond the edge of the continental shelf and reach water depths in excess of 2,500 feet.
read more...


possible species



       birds that can be expected on most or all april – october trips: black-footed albatross, northern fulmar, sooty shearwater, pink-footed shearwater, fork-tailed storm-petrel, red-necked and red ph...
learn more...






copyright © west port sea birds. all rights reserved

like us on


questions/comments about the site?   feel free to e-mail the webmaster
















