





















home | san juan college




 






















skip to main content








toggle menu






about

about sjc
leadership
history
campuses
accreditation information
annual reports
consumer information


admissions & aid

admissions & aid at sjc
how to apply
financial aid
tuition & fees
visit


education & training

education & training at sjc
find your program
degrees and certificates
online programs
areas of interest/career pathways
your transfer journey
honors program
workforce development
our schools
adult education


student life

student life at sjc
student housing
dining
clubs and organizations
events
intramural sports
fitness and recreation
bookstore
discover farmington


student support & resources

student support & resources at sjc
academic support & resources
herencia latina center
native american center
career center
childcare & family services
counseling
accessibility services
veteran center
tech support
campus safety







current students
parents & families
community & business
sjc high school
employees


apply
request info
visit


información en español





toggle search



search



search













apply


request info

visit






toggle video



your success matters
at san juan college, you will be part of a welcoming, diverse, and innovative community that inspires you to succeed.
future students - start here








        find your program
        




search



all programs
training & development
personal enrichment





explore your options

wherever you are in your journey, san juan college has the training, resources, and in-demand programs to prepare you for what's next.







arts, communication & humanities




business & entrepreneurship




computer science, information technology & cybersecurity




education, social services & public safety




energy, manufacturing & transportation




health science




science, math & engineering

 

career coach

not sure which pathway is for you? take a 5-minute career assessment to learn about yourself and career suggestions based on your interests!
start assessment





san juan college by the numbers



83%

        of full-time students have graduated, transferred or are continuing their education
      
explore transfer possibilities



140+

        two-year degree and certificate programs
      
pick your program



98%

        of students would recommend san juan college to a friend or family member
      
discover the suns life




our community

be inspired by the transformative experiences of san juan college students!










"although it seemed impossible at the time, through hard work and dedication (and a couple long nights) i was able to surpass this hurdle and graduate with my degree!"
joel reyes 24' engineering


          
           read joel reyes' story








"ultimately, i just wanted to better my life by growing my knowledge in 2 fields that interest me the most. i now have financial security and a better understanding on how to run my own business when i get to that point."
sierra sanchez 23' marketing


          
           read sierra sanchez's story








"it is never too late to go back to school! when i applied to sjc, i was 28 with a husband and three children under the age of 6. you are worthy of success and you are capable of anything you set your mind to! don't give up."
 leah neergaard 24' nursing


          
           read leah neergaard's story








"my advice to future graduates would be to utilize all the resources that san juan college has to offer. i was apart of trio, nasnti-soar and aises. each group helped me succeed and encouraged me along the way."
derrick kosea 24' engineering


          
           read derrick kosea's story








"my instructors from the school of energy were some of the nicest most helpful people. they kept me accountable and they were always so eager to help me with any questions/problems i had. i owe my success to all of them."
kevin chavez 23' instrumentation controls & electrical technology


          
           read kevin chavez's story








“san juan college and the school of energy have a great reputation. they also have a genuine compassion for the students, and want to see them succeed.”
trey desherlia instrumentation controls & electrical technology


          
           read trey's story








“san juan college improved my life because they offered me the education that i needed at a price i could afford from people who really cared.”
ray benton paramedic program


          
           watch ray's story








"my self-portrait at sjc's annual art exhibition gave me hope that one of my paintings will be hung in an art museum. now, my recent painting is at the museum of contemporary native arts in santa fe."
monique holiday 22' liberal arts


          
           read monique's story








"i plan on using my experience here at san juan college in the engineering department to graduate law school and make a difference in environmental law.”
michael brown engineering program


          
           view michael's story








“i chose san juan college because it is an affordable school and very close to a ski resort”
kyle snow 22' instrumentation controls & electrical technology


          
           read kyle's story








“my advice to future students: don’t be afraid to come to san juan college. once you’re here, everybody will help you and you’ll feel welcomed.”
cristina acero teacher education 


          
           view cristina's story








“community college is the best and it’s never too late! you’ll be done before you know it, so keep moving forward.”
kayla ford 22' human services – generalist studies


          
           read kayla's story








“all of my instructors at the school of energy were absolutely amazing! they truly cared for my success and i am forever grateful for their hard work to help me  understand all of my assignments and the process.”
deana kirby '22 industrial process operator 


          
           read deana's story








"to those who look into sjc, take the dive! it is the best place for you to start your education! the professors and supporting staff are all so kind, helpful, and courteous!"
michala goss 23' elementary special education


          
           read michala's story


 


view all testimonials




sjc highlights

from the henderson fine arts center to the harvest food hub, there's something for everyone on campus.










dugan museum
the sherman dugan museum of geology at the school of energy is an extraordinary collection of rare minerals and fossils from around the world.
visit the dugan museum

planetarium
the 24-foot dome theater offers showings for students and the public to explore and learn about the celestial wonders of the galaxy.
join astrofriday events

fine and performing arts
sjc hosts an array of captivating performances and exhibitions that ignite the imagination. events are offered all year!
view fine and performing arts events

the big idea
the big idea makerspace houses state-of-the-art technology, traditional tools, and machinery to bring ideas to life.
create your next big idea

health and human performance center
hhpc offers cardio/strength equipment, group classes, an indoor track, a disc golf course, climbing wall & more.
get active at the hhpc

outdoor equipment rental center (oerc)
oerc rents gear for water sports, camping, biking, disc golf, skiing, snowboarding & snowshoeing.
start your next adventure







dugan museum


planetarium


fine and performing arts


the big idea


health and human performance center


outdoor equipment rental center (oerc)






news






          san juan college to host grand opening of new student health center
        

february 18, 2025




            browse all news



events







                        golden songs, artwork by nathan nez
                    


                                    february 07, 2025
                    -
                    february 21, 2025
                                 | henderson fine arts center gallery 
                                    10:00 am
                    -
                    05:00 pm
                                






                        graduation application deadline
                    


                                    february 18, 2025
                                 | online 
                                    12:00 am
                                






                        san juan college student health center grand opening
                    


                                    february 19, 2025
                                 | zia conference room 
                                    03:30 pm
                                




            browse all events







connect with @sanjuancollege







you belong here


request info
visit
apply today
suns life


 









4601 college boulevardfarmington, nm 87402(505) 326-3311
contact us


work at sjc
give to sjc



campuses
library
bookstore
offices and departments
news and events
student reporting and conduct policies
campus safety
book an event





youtube


instagram


facebook


twitter


ksje radio station






back to top




copyright ©  san juan college


title ix information
accessibility statement
public record request
web privacy policy
website feedback










