






catering st. louis since ‘66 | butler’s pantry – your table, our passion

































































skip to main contententertaining now

collections

breakfast collection
cold lunch collection
hot lunch collection
cocktail collection
hors d’oeuvres collection
shower collection
buffet collection
business collections

breakfast
cold lunch
hot lunch


choose your occasion


collection enhancements


menus
venues
butler's pantryplan an event

corporate
non-profit
social
wedding
virtual & hybrid


about

team
faqs
rentals
careers
news


contact
 


							entertaining now
culinary experiences ready for delivery or pick-up




							venues
40+ unique locations for any occasion 




							full-service catering
expertly crafted cuisine with quality service, rentals & more



 

contact usreserve your date now!

since ‘66since 1966, butler's pantry has been dedicated to delivering exceptional cuisine, service, and unforgettable event experiences. our commitment to excellence is reflected in our proven process, a journey designed to ensure every celebration exceeds expectations. from the moment you're exposed to our brand, through discovery and consultation, to planning and experiencing your event, we're with you every step of the way. watch this video to see how our proven process brings every celebration to life.

from president to sales manager, service captain to culinary, our team truly loves creating one-of-a-kind experiences for all our clients. we invite you to continue exploring the history and heart of our team. 
read our story

weddings
saying i do
it’s your day, your memories, your vision…it’s our passion to help ensure that it is one of the most memorable days of your life for all the right reasons.
explore weddings

corporate events
planning to impress
whether you need drop-off options, or full-service catering solutions, our team can make your planning process simple, streamlined & successful.
learn more

social events
exciting parties
you have the vision, let us handle the details! we’ve been allowing hosts to be guests since ’66!
learn more

non-profit
entertaining for a cause
fundraisers, galas, dinner parties, cocktail parties and more – we know how important hosting a successful non-profit event can be. we’re here and committed to making your next event the best yet.
learn more

menus
browse our seasonal menus
because we’re always looking to bring you something fresh and exciting, here are our latest seasonal butler’s pantry creations! click, browse, mix, match – we’ll be here to help you narrow down these delicious options for your next occasion.
view menus 



location, location, locationst. louis is full of incredible places to celebrate, and we feel honored to work with the very best venues available. let us help you find the perfect setting for your next celebration!
venue finder tool 









we love making people smile


“after working with butler's pantry, we would immediately recommend them to anyone looking to hire a caterer for their wedding. from the outset, they were professional, courteous, accommodating, and helpful. they guided us through every step of the planning process and did an amazing job on the day of our wedding. the services they provide are extremely comprehensive and that truly helps to alleviate a lot of the stress that comes along with planning a wedding. we received a ton of compliments on the food and many of our guests said it was the best wedding food they'd ever had.”
sam l., the knot"we cannot say enough amazing things about butler's pantry, and coleen, whom we worked with from day one. as a bride, i was on top of every little detail, and was in constant contact with coleen. she was very responsive to every question, concern, change, and requests i had."
mindy k., the knot"butler’s pantry catered our wedding last fall, and it was absolutely delicious. we went buffet-style, and got tons of compliments on how tasty everything was, including "best wedding food i've ever had" from a couple of guests."
shannon, google"as you might be aware, we began using butler's pantry as our catering partner several years ago. since then, your team members have come to feel like an extension of my own team. they design the best possible events for us and our guests, then flawlessly execute them, anticipating our every want and need along the way. they make me look like a miracle worker, but i can only smile and respond that it was really butler's pantry. your butler's team members have become an invaluable resource to me and to my team. congratulations on having such an outstanding team, and thank you for your partnership."
cheryl b. "i just want you to know how great our event was. the pictures, the food, the drink, the spirit all just wonderful. it was well done from top to bottom. the word will spread as to how much fun it is. (good food really makes a difference.) you hit a home run!"
marianne g. 








fondue for two? let’s make it a party. 🍫🥂







spring is around the corner… and so are the cele


 





the coronado @thecoronadostl is the perfect settin






love, over 50 years and counting. ❤️

from the


 





picture this: you, surrounded by your favorite peo


 





grazing boards are taking over weddings—and for 


 





don’t get us wrong—the grand ballroom at @thec


 





spring and summer celebrations are calling☀️ i
 





celebrate love and culture at @thereveriestl! 💍


 





mocha mousse is in for 2025 and we shared our thou






at the heart of our kitchen, food is more than a m


 





we can't wait to bring the party outside this summ


 


 





let the planning begin!from large corporate gatherings to intimate wedding celebrations, butler’s pantry caters to your vision, your needs. knowledgeable catering managers, paired with imaginative chefs and 50 years of experience helps us ensure your day will be an absolute success.
weddingscorporatesocialnon-profitour events
corporate
non-profit
social
wedding
virtual

our company
menus
about
our team
news
contact

find us
1414 park avenue
st. louis, mo 63104
phone: (314) 664-7680 

instagram
pinterest
twitter
facebook



need drop-off catering?
when celebrations pop-up with little notice, rely on butler's pantry to provide everything you need — all with only 3 business days of notice.
 
order now


 
meet the bp family of brands

 

















