





















































diary of author/adventuress liz maverick — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































lizmaverick
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














lizmaverick







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
diary of author/adventuress liz maverick

about
 


profile
liz mavericklook at that face.  could there be a more happy-to-know-ya face?


links
visit liz's truly amazing website!liz's truly amazing website other fab bloggistasmarianne mancusivanessa virtuedeidre knightmarjorie m. liu


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofilemy website previous page


page summary
 [#] no...over there.  [#] for the "hey, neighbor, what are you reading, and can i take a picture of your knees?" file.  [#] completely dull administrative post.  (absolutely do not read.  it's really boring.)  [#] things of a writerly nature.  [#] you plucky thing, you...  (bwack-bwaaaaaack!!!!)  [#] armored & dangerous  [#] should any food product be quite this yellow?  [#] ...now it's turkish delight on a moonlit night...  [#] pixelated for your viewing pleasure...  [#] i've fallen, and i can't stop blogging... 


may 2005
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





no...over there.

may. 21st, 2005 @ 04:18 pm 



so, i had to move my blog to another site.  i know, i'm sorry.  but everything's going to fine.  i promise.  so, reset those bookmarks, people, and look over there.  i'm at www.lizmaverick.blogspot.com.
sorry, to be such a pain, but it can't be helped.  
ciao!
:)
liz



for the "hey, neighbor, what are you reading, and can i take a picture of your knees?" file.

may. 17th, 2005 @ 09:34 am 



so, i was getting on the plane going to denver.  it was a 777.  united airlines.  i checked my bag so that this time, at least, i wouldn't be that person.  that person with the ridiculous amount of carry-on.  usually, i am that person, but not this time.  i start my way back to the bowels of the aircraft which is generally where my seat always seems to be, and i'm walking...and i'm walking...and this is a really big plane...and i get to my seat, and i realize that it's not going to be easy to get into my middle seat, row of five, seeing as how there's not really anywhere to put one's feet.  
apparently, in their enthusiasm for expanding the leg-room somewhere up front where the angels serve you premium coffee in diamond-studded cups whilst giving you a foot massage, "they" forgot to measure what was going to happen in the back to the rest of us.  
struck by this travesty, i took out my camera and asked the guy next to me if i could take a picture of his knees.  he graciously agreed...and then he whipped out his louis l'amour (no, that's not a euphemism.  i do mean his book.) and he said, "take a picture with this in it."    
we had not discussed our respective occupations, and he didn't know i was a novelist of any sort.  and i just thought to myself, "what a dedicated reader that he should be so concerned about including his book in any shot of his person."  we should all be so lucky to have dedicated readers like that.  so, today's blog is for the readers who bring books on aircraft and read them proudly, cover showing, for all the world to see.   (if i were a better photographer, the glare wouldn't have obscured the title/author in this shot.  maybe if i actually read the manual...)
the knees of a dedicated reader of louis l'amour who has no place to put his feet, 5/12/05, tarmac sfo:




completely dull administrative post.  (absolutely do not read.  it's really boring.)

may. 16th, 2005 @ 12:09 pm 



so, i think i'm actually going to have to switch to blogger.  i can't seem to customize livejournal to the extent i want to.  i'm an html jockey by nature, and i find myself becoming incensed at the inability to get into livejournal and hink up the code with any ease whatsoever.  so...*pfflllllllt!*  i probably won't get to it until the weekend, though.  working hard (really, i am) on the last bits of a book before sending it in, so no photographic whimsy until i finish.  so, basically, this post is to tell you that something is going to happen later but nothing is happening now.  i warned you.:)lizcurrent mood: completely spastic




things of a writerly nature.

may. 15th, 2005 @ 10:54 am 



here's the book cover for card sharks, just as i promised on my web site:

yes, i do think my name is rather small. (the first thing people do when they hold the cover flat in person is to bring it within 1/4'' of their eyes and squint, then say, "your name's a little small, doncha' think?")  but both title and name are embossed, dammit, and that counts for something.  seriously, it's even better in person and i love the cover art.  the cover gods have smiled on me since the day my first book came out, and for that i'm truly grateful.  the tag line says, "if you can't meet 'em...beat 'em."   oh, yeah, and to answer your next question: yes, they did airbrush out some of that underarm fat.  i'm thinking of flying out to new york to have the art department airbrush out some of mine.



you plucky thing, you...  (bwack-bwaaaaaack!!!!)

may. 14th, 2005 @ 11:50 am 



thumbs up on the fabulous romancing the rockies conference. i had a marvelous time, met lots of new people, and enjoyed myself thoroughly. and the planners thought of everything. they even warned me several times that if i didn't drink enough water (given the elevation and dryness), i would die. okay, not quite in those words. but i appreciated the concern, and i definitely appreciated the two bottles of water in the goodie bags. 
so, i know what you're all wondering. and, yes, i'm getting to the point, but i would like to say before moving on that i'm very sorry i have no documentation of the last 10 conference meals i have consumed (or at least stared at).  however, things are looking up. let us proceed. 
at the keynote dinner, i became giddy with excitement (perhaps irrationally so. i'll leave you to judge.) as the waiters began to serve the meals. would it be chicken? would it be *conference chicken*? with my camera at the ready and the prospect of documenting the moment of unveiling so very close, the anticipation nearly did me in...
i lean forward...knee bouncing...heart thumping...here it comes...hhhheeeeeerrrre it comes...the plate is being lowered, and it looks...it looks...it looks suspiciously like...oh, thank you gods above: 
conference chicken. 
exhibit a: conference chicken documented 5/13/05. thornton, colorado. with special thanks to the illustrious kristin nelson for providing relative size measurement (i don't care what you think, you did not need a manicure for this.  and for those who have always wondered, that's what an agent's index finger looks like.): 

exhibit b: conference chicken excitement documented 5/13/05. thornton, colorado: 

okay, that's that.  moving on.  i'm working on getting a picture of something that had something to do with pork and discount outlets.  we drove by really fast, so i'm not sure i saw what i thought i saw, but if i did see what i think i saw, i really need a picture of it.  


other entries


» armored & dangerous

so, here's where the conference is going down:

i know!  i'm as surprised as you are.  it's a freaking castle!  little flags, turrets, the works.  i said to myself, "liz, you simply cannot go to a conference in a castle wearing the same old thing everyone's been seeing you in."  so i picked up something more appropriate:
  
see you in colorado, folks.  i'm coming to the castle.  
:)
liz
may. 11th, 2005 @ 02:24 pm


» should any food product be quite this yellow?

i'm getting ready to fly out for a writing conference in denver.  i calculated that if i do not add anything else to my current schedule, i will have presented 10 writing workshops around the country in 12 months.  teaching/presenting is my favorite sort of promotion, so i do not mention that by way of complaining. 
but as i gather my autograph stickers, my book stands, my giveaway books...as i pack my one pair of high heels and my one pair of super-fly orange and green sneakers...as i pray to the gods of wireless in anticipation of needing to get some work done while i'm away...i find that i am grateful.  yes, i am very grateful.  i am grateful because once my time on the conference circuit winds down, i will no longer have to contend with the likes of this:
breakfast, circa 2004, sfo-jfk

and given that the yoplait is totally edible (assuming one doesn't take umbrage at eating horse's hooves), this isn't even a very good example of the culinary torture just waiting out there.  it was much brighter and unpleasant looking in person.  i could go on.  and on.  in fact, i'm working on a very special poem about chicken.  i'll share it with you when it's done--which won't be soon (please, no angry comments about a promised chicken poem).  i've been crafting this particular work for some time, now, and it's not something i feel should be rushed.   ;)  heh.
may. 10th, 2005 @ 10:28 am


» ...now it's turkish delight on a moonlit night...

things are going along swimmingly on the writing front.  i just wish i could swim a little faster.  but, hey.  
so, some friends of mine asked me if i wanted to go to istanbul (not constantinople).  i would like to go, but it's during high season (astronomical airfare, lots of tourists, difficulty finding lodging, whatnot) and it's clearly not the best timing as far as the writing goes.  but i would *love* to go.  and it's been a while since i added a country (meaning turkey, of course) from that region to the old passport.  [the old passport: france, italy, spain, thailand, china, hong kong, bali, australia, new zealand, antarctica... the list doesn't include the short stints in kuala lumpur, mexico, and the like.  and it also doesn't include "i ate udon at the narita airport.  so i kinda went to japan.  does that count?" because, no, it doesn't count.]
so, to istanbul...or not to istanbul?  all together now:
"istanbul was constantinoplenow it's istanbul, not constantinoplebeen a long time gone, constantinoplewhy did constantinople get the works?that's nooooobody's business but the tuuuuuuuurrks!"
please tell me you know what that's from.  if you don't, you can go sit with the people from marianne mancusi's blog who didn't know who the smiths were.  just kidding.  i'm just being a snot.  definitely come sit next to me.   :) :)
because i'm feeling so adventure girl tonight, i'll throw up a set of photos from thailand i like to call, the rwa fear factor shots.  i would have to say that this one shot is extremely unflattering, but i'm willing to sacrifice for the sake of art.  or whatever.  heat, humidity...blah, blah...
the "menu fried bug" stand - chaweng, koh samui, thailand

liz maverick sampling grass hopper (the kind cart lady removes the legs and wings prior to serving).  you may note the trepidation in my eyes.  shameful, i know, but my pal had just eaten a silkworm and it didn't turn out so well:

and that's all she wrote.  tonight, anyway.
may. 9th, 2005 @ 11:37 pm


» pixelated for your viewing pleasure...

yes, gratuitous rt pix.  blatantly stolen from marianne mancusi.  she had the camera.  thus, she had the pix.  and she put them up on her site.  and i downloaded them for my own nefarious purposes because i think they are kinda cute, and i thought you would enjoy them.  so, for her troubles, i hereby (make that "herebied," seeing as how it was actually several sentences ago) pimp her site.  so go thither and say hi to marianne at the obvious http.
anyhoo...
we have:
me & marianne with the book covers for our newest (mine isn't out yet) chick lit wares.  i have the cover art on disk, so i'll be posting it soon:

me & marjorie m. liu at the hospitality suite where we met with lots of wonderful booksellers who seemed as excited as we are about the crimson city series:

me on the chick lit panel with my fabulous peers: left to right, michelle cunnah, alesia holliday, shane bolks, yt (yours truly...do i somehow seem more shrunken than the other women?  we didn't actually plan to all wear black.  it happens.), and marianne mancusi:

happy mom's day.  over and out.
may. 8th, 2005 @ 09:04 pm


» i've fallen, and i can't stop blogging...

oh, this is good.  this blogging thing is really working for me this time.  two entries in one day.  my god, i'm literally en fuego.  okay, not literally.  more like literarily.  well, i wanted to add an entry for the post on my web site that inspired my blog, because this stuff will all be housed here from this day forth.  ahem. so, here it is (technically and literarily from yesterday):
"absolutely nothing new. finishing up this, revising that. blah. too busy polishing card sharks to set up the full thailand photo gallery at the moment. instead, i'll simply break with site tradition and toss up a big, ungainly photo for your enjoyment. (see below.) good god...this is almost becoming a blog, isn't it? my web designer would have a cow if she saw the way this page goes on...and on...and on..." 
[and so then i had the picture...]

[and then i said...] that's me on the right in the pink tunic (we'll just pretend i don't look quite so wide about the hips, eh?) and my friend misha on the left. we're on the island of koh samui in thailand and we've just headed over to busy, grotesque, fraternity boy ridden chaweng from the lovely, village-y, not-so-touristy boh phut beach side. to our shock, dismay, amusement, what-have-you, we see a mcdonalds. and then we notice that ronald is in the traditional thai greeting pose (the "wai"), welcoming diners to a cornucopia of culinary delights with an expression that clearly says, "sawasdee, sucker!" 
and there ya go.  back to the trenches.
may. 7th, 2005 @ 05:48 pm


top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























