








wisconsin border collie rescue – making a difference one dog at a time


























































toggle search form






search for:






 








toggle navigation





                                                            wisconsin border collie rescue                                                    
making a difference one dog at a time


home – wbcr
adoption
our foster dogs 

pepper
indy
major – adopted
jack – adopted


other dogs 

request for addition to others page


merchandise
help us 

become a volunteer


relinquishment 

request for relinquishment


helpful links 

teaching good behavior
a herding primer


contact us 

who we are












			wisconsin border collie rescue			        

many rescues and shelters are at capacity. we are doing our best to help all dogs in need. if you are interested in helping, please contact us to learn more about volunteering and fostering with wbcr.
click on our foster dogs in the banner above to get to know any of our current border collies looking for their forever homes.

pepper
indy


if you want more information about:

giving up your dog, click the relinquishment tab or email relinquishment@wibordercollierescue.com. if you need to re-home your border collie, or if you are from a shelter or animal control facility, fill out our relinquishment form. we often accept dogs from neighboring states – illinois, indiana, iowa, and the great lakes area; we prefer to evaluate the dogs prior to taking them into foster care to make sure they will get along with the pack in the foster home.
adopting a dog, click the adoption tab. 
becoming a member, click the membership application tab. we are especially in need of members who can be approved foster homes. 
making a donation, visit paypal for fast and secure donations or email the_store@wibordercollierescue.com.
purchasing items from our store, click the merchandise tab or email the_store@wibordercollierescue.com.



wisconsin border collie rescue (wbcr) is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization, and is the effort of a dedicated group of volunteering individuals who love the breed and are concerned about the growing number of unwanted border collies within the midwest. our purpose is to take in stray and unwanted border collies and find them homes where they are loved and understood. it is our responsibility to give back and to help those border collies who would otherwise fall to the wayside. all of the border collies in our care are spayed/neutered, heartworm tested, and current on vaccinations and actively using heartworm preventative. when possible, the dogs are also microchipped. during the time that they are with us, they are housetrained, taught basic manners, and when possible, crate-trained. we teach the dogs what we can to give them the best chance for a happy life with their new family.
if you want training advice, please let us know. part of what we do is educate people about how to live happily with border collies.








© 2025 wisconsin border collie rescue. 


                                                        made with  by graphene themes.                        








