









atlanta jugglers association - home




























 



search  





   






toggle navigation







homeaboutabout usmeetingsdirections to our meetingsboard of directorsentertainers for hirehistory of our clubfestivalsfestivalsfestivals historyupcoming festivalrecent festivalfaqhow can i learn to juggle?how can i join the club?can i hire jugglers/entertainers from your group?where can i find out more about juggling?where can i buy juggling equipment?mediaarticles by our memberseventsnewspapers, magazines and tvvideostributescontact












			meetings		




we meet outside on the lawn in front of little five points community center on thursdays at 6-8pm and sundays at 4-6pm. during winter months or if it's raining, windy or too hot we are in our room on the third floor. check our calendar or our facebook groups page for latest info. also see the faq page for how can i join the club?


 
			read more ...		





			2026 groundhog day jugglers festival		




join us in atlanta for our 48th annual juggling festival at the yaarab shrine center. dates are jan 30 - feb 1, 2026 (check back later this year to confirm). details here and on our  festival facebook page.






			2025 groundhog day jugglers festival		




lists of performers, sponsors, volunteers, photos, videos and other details of the festival
winners of the coveted phil trophies this year were:
"screamingly fresh" - galen harp"most whimsical" - tohm pace"playfully clever" - caleb black




			2024 halloween parade		




seven of us marched in the halloween parade at little five points on oct 20, 2024.
http://l5phalloween.com






			2024 groundhog day jugglers festival		




lists of performers, sponsors, volunteers, photos, videos and other details of the festival
winners of the coveted phil trophies this year were:
"all-star special" - lisa komatsubara "best all-the-way" - joshua spaugh and erin gettelman "flipping phenomenal" - jasper murphy


 
			read more ...		





			atlanta & company		




we were featured on the channel 11 tv show atlanta & company on june 14, 2019 at 11 am. drewbob ford, brandon ross, shivella schwab, patrick russell, joshua and caleb black juggled balls and clubs, and unicycled. meredith gordon added his hat manipulation skills. afterwards they talked about our world juggling day event on saturday and our annual festival in february. see the video clip.


 
			read more ...		









donateplease help support our efforts. we are an all-volunteer 501(c)3 non-profit organization so your donations are tax-deductible. add an amount and click the donate button to take you to a secure page to pay with your paypal account or a credit card.
we also have a venmo account @atlantajugglers that you can use for payments or donations. thank you.





    amount  usd
    








featured entertainer


			carrie mcqueen		

carrie mcqueen is a juggler and stiltwalker. see her website.












website by joyce howard


					back to top				


				© 2025 atlanta jugglers association			




