











































the proven solution for 3d design and product development | solidworks


















  skip to main content














solidworks is the proven solution for 3d cad and product development

              innovators around the world trust solidworks® cad and cloud product development solutions to create, collaborate, and deliver extraordinary product experiences.
      














    discover 3d design solutions
      






    buy solidworks
      

















what’s new in solidworks 2025: design. collaborate. innovate.


    explore now
      




























design with the industry standardmillions of designers, engineers, and businesses around the world trust solidworks to provide powerful, yet easy-to-use 2d and 3d product development solutions. from intuitive cad workflows and 3d modeling to cloud technologies that simplify day-to-day collaboration, solidworks has the tools to get your job done right.




    why choose solidworks
      




















design anything anywhereunleash your creativity with a full suite of industry-leading product development tools. from mechanical and industrial design and modeling to real-time collaboration and next-generation technologies, such as artificial intelligence and generative design, solidworks solutions empower you to design and manufacture anything. do you need more flexibility and accessibility? all solidworks design tools include cloud features for 3d sharing, markup, data storage, design review, data management and collaboration tools to help you prioritize your passion for design from anywhere.


























        3dexperience solidworks
      
<p><strong>3d</strong>experience® solidworks enhances solidworks 3d cad with a direct connection to cloud-based product development and collaboration solutions.</p>




 
    learn more
      












        solidworks 3d cad
      
<p>easy-to-learn and extremely powerful, solidworks 3d cad is the trusted, industry-standard in 3d modeling that connects to the cloud for an enhanced product development experience.</p>




 
    learn more
      












        solidworks cloud offer
      
<p>take your business to the next level with next-generation, browser-based 3d modeling solutions and cloud-based product development tools from solidworks.</p>




 
    learn more
      


















take the next step


    solidworks free trial
      






    buy solidworks
      
















first look: solidworks cad














known for its powerful, user-friendly interface, solidworks is the solution to use when you need the job done fast and right.watch the video to learn about core design capabilities, such as parts, assemblies, and drawings, industry-specific tools for sheet metal and framing, and next-gen features, like ai, cad-aware cloud storage, and collaboration, that set you up for product design success today and in the future.




    learn more
      


















user-driven 3d cad and product development














solidworks users are our partners in 3d cad innovation. user insights have been essential to making our design solutions accessible, scalable, and sustainable. with 90% of enhancements driven by user feedback, client satisfaction is central to our work. discover users' favorite solidworks 2025 features and explore new updates in parts, assemblies, drawings, and ux.




    request a quote
      





 
    what's new in solidworks 2025
      





























solidworks 2025: design. collaborate. innovate.accelerate product development with designer-driven enhancements to the industry-standard in collaborative 3d design.





    explore now
      

















community at our core









solidworks has a passionate, engaged community of more than 8 million users from every corner of the world. from user groups to startups to students to makers, community has always been at our core. but it’s more than just bringing people together. it’s making them better at what they love to do. through dedicated training, online learning, and certifications, solidworks thrives on putting users in a position to succeed.




    find out more
      




















customer success storiessearch our library of client testimonials to learn how customers of all sizes and across every industry thrive with solidworks solutions.














reset


















    discover more customer stories
      
















3dexperience world 2025 registration is live!

              join 3dexperience® world 2025 in houston, texas on february 23–26.
      














    register now
      















more from solidworks













connect and go further
















find support









get technical support with solidworks, delmiaworks and 3dexperience works products, and explore ways to grow and share your skills.



 
    get help now
      















contact us









connect with us in person, by phone, via email, or in our online community. find the right contact for your goal.



 
    connect today
      















buy solidworks solutions









flexible purchasing options give you the power to choose a license that best suits your needs.



 
    buy  solidworks
      


















the proven solution for 3d design and product development

 
 
 
 













  back to top










