















denver art museum
















      skip to main content
    








main navigation


visit




plan your visit


calendar


accessibility


dining


event rental





art




exhibitions


collections


search the collection


provenance research


consultations and nagpra


publications





programs




adults


families


artists


educators


creative aging


untitled: artist takeover





shop


buy tickets


membership


donate




search

search the collections
search text



buy tickets
menu



























pause/play video


 welcome to the denver art museum

today is february 17. we are open 10 am – 5 pm.






what's on view













through feb 23, 2025
         wild things

       the art of maurice sendak















now on view sustained!
 the persistent genius of indigenous art















now on view dawoud bey
 street portraits















now on view the life and art of tokio ueyama















now on view perfectly imperfect
 korean buncheong ceramics






upcoming events dive deeper into art and join us for one of these upcoming events or programs.
view calendar












  occurs monthly on tuesday.      next is feb 18, 2025

mindful looking  mindful looking invites you to slow down and spend time with a single work of art.












 feb 22, 2025

 free day at the dam
  engage with art, experience onsite activities, and explore the art on view all while enjoying free general admission!












 feb 22, 2025

 spring course (session #1): art transforms
  discover the impact of artmaking and art-viewing has on the brain through exploring artworks and slow art experiences in the galleries.












 feb 25, 2025

 poetry slam with slam nuba
  join us for our annual poetry slam/open mic program, in collaboration with slam nuba.












 mar 1, 2025

artists' reflections on moon jars  join a conversation with artists youngjune p. lew, and minjae kim, featured artists in the lunar phases: korean moon jars exhibition.












  occurs monthly on tuesday.      next is mar 4, 2025

 drop-in drawing with anna kaye
  immerse yourself in the art-filled atmosphere of our museum with an in-person drawing session with artist anna kaye.












 mar 4, 2025

 annual membership meeting
  members are invited to take a look back at 2024 and a look ahead at 2025 at the annual membership meeting.












 mar 8, 2025

 spring course (session #2): art connects
  join a discussion on how the work of an artist can be considered as ties that bind us together in the past, present, and future.












 mar 11, 2025

 free day at the dam
  engage with art, experience onsite activities, and explore the art on view all while enjoying free general admission!












 mar 11, 2025

 drop-in drawing with anna kaye (online)
  dive into the world of art from the comfort of your home with these quarterly online drawing sessions with anna kaye.












 mar 11, 2025

 lecture with richard misrach
  join a conversation with photographer richard misrach, in celebration of month of photography.












  march 13, 2025

 celebration and reception of dawoud bey: street portraits and confluence of nature: nancy hemenway barton












  occurs monthly on thursday.      next is mar 13, 2025

 art & about
  designed for visitors with early-stage alzheimer's or dementia and their care partners, experience art while led by a specially trained guide.












 mar 18, 2025

designing for accessibility community listening session











 mar 22, 2025

 spring course (session #3): art speaks
  explore how artists can be seen as observers of and participants in contemporary life, using their work to provoke, ask important questions, and call for change.












 apr 1, 2025

designing for accessibility: community listening session (online)











 apr 8, 2025

logan lecture: stephen prina  join a conversation with multidisciplinary artist stephen prina.












 apr 13, 2025

 sensory-friendly morning
  a program for guests of all ages with neurodiversity or sensory processing disorders to visit the museum in a safe and fun way.






creative classes connect with professional creatives, learn a new skill, and expand your own creative practice.
learn more












  february 19–march 12, 2025 - 10 am–12 pm

 painting: flow state
  a 4-week abstract painting class that explores the connections between intuitive painting, mindfulness, and community.












  february 19–march 26, 2025 - 1:30–4 pm

 textiles: off-loom weaving
  a 6-week class introducing weaving beyond the loom through techniques such as book, card, and tapestry weaving.












 feb 22, 2025

 wet felting & needle felted imagery
  a workshop that teachers how to wet felt a surface using techniques of agitating wool with soap and water.












 mar 1, 2025

 paper craft: hand papermaking
  learn to make paper from recycled materials and experiment with various mediums to create different textures and colors of paper.












 mar 8, 2025

 textiles: intro to embroidery
  get introduced to the art of embroidery and the many different stitches one can use to be creative with embroidery.












  march 11–april 1, 2025 - 5:30–7:30 pm

 textiles: soft sculptures
  experiment with fiber-art techniques to transform two-dimensional fabric drawings and paintings into three-dimensional, plushie soft sculptures.












 mar 15, 2025

 textiles: ojo de dios weaving
  learn to use yearn to weave unique patterns and discover how these ancient weavings connect us more deeply to our ancestral roots.












  april 2–23, 2025 - 10 am–12 pm

 drawing: intermediate techniques
  explore intermediate drawing techniques in an accelerated 4-week class format.












  april 2–may 7, 2025 - 1:30–4 pm

 painting: intermediate oil
  explore intermediate oil painting techniques in an accelerated, 6-week class format.












  april 8–29, 2025 - 5:30–7:30 pm

 painting: spring into color
  use the versatility of acrylic paint as a medium to capture the colors of forms of spring in small-scale paintings on paper.












 apr 19, 2025

 collage: modern & contemporary mixed media
  explore the art of collage and make an original collage or mixed media piece incorporating images from the museum's collection.












 may 3, 2025

 painting: flow state
  an abstract painting class that explores the connections between intuitive painting, mindfulness, and community.












 may 10, 2025

 collage: embellishing for dramatic effect
  learn various collage techniques that focus on manipulating materials to tell stories.












  may 17, 2025 - 10 am–12 pm (at the denver art museum) and may 24, 2025 - 10 am–12 pm (at the butterfly pavilion)

 drawing: discovering butterflies
  a special two-part drawing class, in collaboration with the butterfly pavilion.






stories from the blog catch up with the latest news and stories from the denver art museum blog.
view blog












dam curators' top arts moments of 2024 a year-end roundup of arts and cultural events from denver to dakar.












architecture and design collectors' council 2024 design acquisitions











20 quotes by maurice sendak in honor of his birthday and the upcoming exhibition, we gathered 20 of our favorite quotes. 












 preparing for sustained!
 learn how we are working with indigenous communities for this exhibition.












 plan your visit to wild things: the art of maurice sendak
 tickets, dining, parking, and other info to enhance your visit.












 conservation of calligraphy waterfall
 learn how a little bit of cleaning, repairing, and retouching transformed and stabilized a breathtaking and daring artwork. 












 wild things: the art of maurice sendak is a hit!
 check out these rave reviews and come see for yourself why people are wild about this exhibition.












 sons of the sun by teri greeves
 watch a video with the artist and check out a google arts & culture feature to learn more.












 see laura ellen bacon's rejuvenation
 her inaugural us installation measuring over 20 feet in height and made of more than 500 pounds of willow branches is on view until the fall.












maurice sendak’s dogs were the love of his life his dog jennie appeared in nearly all of his books from 1954 to 1967.












digital publishing at the dam the museum's digital publications provide more accessible, sustainable, and experimental companion guides to our exhibitions and galleries.












 philosophy in fabric: galih podo by batik artist sapuan
 learn about this javanese textile on view in weaving a foundation: cornerstones of the textile arts collection.












explore korean buncheong ware an incredible array of korean cultural treasures.












 support the dam on colorado gives day
 donate now through december 10 to help us continue our mission of inspiring and enriching our community through art. 












 an enduring legacy: the frank barrows freyer collection
 in 1969, the dam received a gift of painting, sculpture, and furniture from the family of maria engracia critcher freyer.



















  photo by wes magyar.

 

the kirkland museum  tickets to the denver art museum include entry into the kirkland museum of fine & decorative art. the building houses an internationally celebrated decorative art collection, colorado and regional art, and a retrospective of the life and legacy of its namesake artist, vance kirkland. 





















stop by the shop   bring a piece of the museum home with you! stop by the shop during regular museum hours or shop online now to find unique art-inspired products, including jewelry, home goods, books, art activities, and many other delightfully creative gifts.sign up for our shop email newsletter and receive a welcome with 10% off your first online order! sign up today.

visit online shop





















discover more as a member  membership unlocks access to more than ever before! as a member you'll enjoy daily free general admission, discounts at the shop and on ticketed exhibitions, guest passes to share with family and friends, a subscription to our bimonthly member magazine, and so much more.become a member today and know that your support helps your denver art museum preserve and share our collection for all to enjoy. and if you're a current member, login to your account today and join us for an exclusive members-only event.

learn moremember login





















free for kids   all visitors 18 and under enjoy free general admission to the museum every day, thanks to the free for kids program presented by bellco credit union. explore our online calendar and our family programs to help map out your fun on your next visit.

view calendarview family programs





















eat at the ponti  the ponti, located in the sie welcome center of the martin building, combines art with dining to present a locally-sourced and seasonally-inspired menu. come for lunch on weekdays, brunch on the weekends, and dinner on tuesday and friday nights. a museum ticket is not required to dine at the ponti. follow the ponti's instagram account (@thepontidenver) for information about giveaways, new additions to the menu, and more.

learn more




share your visit with #denverartmuseum 










get the newsletter
sign up for art mail.


about


about us


history


the buildings


values and philosophy


leadership


careers, internships, and volunteers


blog


faqs




resources


press room


event rental


photo & video requests


image rights requests


outgoing loan program


conservation


publications


research and reports




support


make a donation


giving information


membership


beyond membership


patron and fundraising events


corporate engagement


planned giving







contact us
100 w 14th ave. pkwy.denver, colorado
(720) 865-5000
contact us

connect with us
facebook
instagram
youtube



supported by





terms of use
privacy policy
© copyright denver art museum 2025












close menu




englishespañol





search






site menu


visit




plan your visit


calendar


accessibility


dining


event rental





art




exhibitions


collections


search the collection


provenance research


consultations and nagpra


publications





programs




adults


families


artists


educators


creative aging


untitled: artist takeover





shop


buy tickets


membership


donate










