









cat faeries - specialists in stopping cat urine spraying: catfaeries.com

















 view cart|checkout


cat faeries
good behavior and robust health for the modern housecat


get our newsletter
cute funny videos
meet our ambassadors
contact

about cat faeries
what our customers say
cat faeries' policies 






































  


solving your cat's unwanted behaviors.

promoting good feline health and happiness.


since 1993 cat faeries has been devoted to the modern house cat by providing all things natural and effective for good behavior and good health.
we'll help you correct litter box avoidance and get the old smelly messes cleaned up.  we'll get feisty fighting felines to make friends with each other or at least get them to accept each other.  we will help you to boost your cat's vitality and longevity.   we know that when your cats are happy and healthy that you are also happy and healthy ‐ our wish is to help all of you live beautiful and healthy lives.
most of our products are our own creations and are only sold here.  we are way beyond particular about quality and value.







we only ship to the u.s.













on sale / specials
recommended bundles

home
stop fighting,stop spraying,get cats back in the litter box 
		  
		convivial house cat
		  

flower essences for cats
          
          correct behavior
          enhance health
          

crystals for good health and good behavior
catnip meow mist
urine cleanup that really works
our beds for cats



every bit of cat faeries text is original.  it was written by our behaviorist and it is based upon our years of experience with every item we have carefully selected just for you.  all of our text and photos are copyright protected.  if you should be foolish and dare to copy it, you will be sent immediately to the pound, and hunted down by our legal team who will prosecute you to the full extent of the law.  our intellectual property lawyer was a pitbull in a past life.
    copyright © 1993 - 2024, cat faeries™









