


home | practical tai chi chuan international

















































it is with great sadness that we have to report that dan docherty passed away on 9th december 2021. his memory lives on through this website, his articles, videos, podcasts and in the hearts, minds and teaching of his many students and friends throughout the world.
if you are looking for a teacher in this style, then please visit “where to learn” “instructor listings” page as although this is not being kept up to date it will provide contact details for a number of his main students.
the ptcci practitioners facebook page is useful should you have questions.



practical tai chi chuan international

facebook






welcome to the practical tai chi chuan website

why practical tai chi chuan?

martial arts journalists in south east asia gave this sobriquet to my sifu's hong kong tai chi institute  because of his record of training chinese  full contact champions and for his famed self defence skills. he taught many royal hong kong police officers. indeed in 1975 i met sifu cheng tin-hung through my mentor, george button, chief physical training instructor at the royal hong kong police training school. george was an aikido master who had trained in tai chi chuan self defence with sifu cheng. george's introduction opened all the doors for me with sifu cheng. in 1976, after less than a year sifu cheng entered me for chinese full contact in a competition organized by the hong kong chinese martial arts association. i was matched with a choi li fat practitioner who was also hong kong judo champion. despite having had a good few shots of ginseng brandy the night before at a chinese banquet, i managed to stop my opponent. his corner threw in the towel.
three months later i was selected to represent hong kong in the heavyweight division at the 4th south east asian chinese martial championships in  singapore. it was brutal; we wore thinly padded gloves and in my first fight i got two black eyes, a cut lip and a heavily bruised left leg and swollen left foot foot. my opponent gave up. i then beat a shaolin stylist. the fight was stopped after i opened cuts above and below both eyes with slicing, twisting running thunder hand strikes. in the final, i was still badly injured so my opponent , who was fresh [he had been drawn against his brother in the semi final, but the brother gave him a bye], used hit and run tactics and won a narrow decision. i had to wait four years for another chance.
i was selected to represent hong kong at the 5th south east asian chinese martial championships in malaysia. i jumped 2 weight categories and entered the superheavyweight division - 220 pounds and above, even though i was only 195 pounds. after knocking out a 300 pound plus exponent of five ancestors boxing with a single running thunder hand strike, i faced once more the malaysian heavyweight boxing champion who had beaten me on points in 1976. i beat him in kuala lumpur in front of his own people.
in my nine years service in the royal hong kong police, i had numerous opportunities to test my tai chi skills. i became a professional tai chi teacher in 1984, based in london. i have taught thousands of students all over. some have gone on to become international champions, others have become professional instructors; yet others have improved their health through their tai chi practice. practical tai chi chuan isn't just about fighting.
 
learn more






where to learn



train with dan directly
classes, workshops, residential or private training in all aspects of the practical tai chi ch'uan syllabus offered by dan at his home in london.

more



camps, seminars and workshops
details of uk and international one day workshops and weekend seminars schedule offered by dan. please click follow the link below.

more



events and competitions
for the latest information see below

more



ptcci instructors
an up-to-date list of registered instructors will be provided shortly, please check back soon.

more

 




















menu

homeintroductionwhat is tai chi chuanbenefits of practicingthe five componentsstrategy & tacticshistorythe wudang stylethe tai chi chuan classicssyllabuspractical wudang tai chi chuan –a historypractical tai chi chuan in actionphoto galleryptcci videoswhere to learnevents and competitionscamps, seminars and workshopsinstructor listingsinstructor certificates, memberships, etcfeatured instructorblognew materialnew reviewsreview - women in daoismcomparative hand formspodcasts and audiowebsite cookie informationhealth qigong by dan dochertytai chi anti virusyou're a cult! part 1privacy policyptcci terms and conditionswild colonial boy - tales of a kung fu cop50 years in martial art form50 years in martial art stories




latest blog entries



car54 - climate change
my latest audio blog podcast including taoism, ecology, martial arts and lifestyle.

read more...


instant tao
it started with instant coffee...

read more...


false pig eats tiger
discussing chinese philosophy in action...

read more...





© practical tai chi chuan international. all rights reserved. design: html5 up.












