food safety & qualitydefault-output-block.skip-mainnews & analysis on food & beverage development & technologyeuropeopens in new windowusaopens in new windowasiaopens in new windowlatamopens in new windowregistersearchnewssectorstrendsresourceseventshomenewsbusinessmarket trendssciencepolicyfood safety & qualityviewspromotional featuressectorsbakerybeverageconfectionerydairyhealthy foodsmeatprepared foodssnackstrendsdiet & healthsustainabilityreformulationalternative proteinsfood techstart-upsfunctional foodsinnovation & npdpackaging & labellingclean labelresourcescarbohydrates and fibres (sugar, starches)processing and packagingcereals and bakery preparationschocolate and confectionery ingredientscultures, enzymes, yeastdairy-based ingredientsemulsifiers, stabilisers, hydrocolloidsfats & oilsflavours and coloursfood labellingfruit, vegetable, nut ingredientshealth and nutritional ingredientsmeat, fish and savoury ingredientspreservatives and acidulantsproteinssweeteners (intense, bulk, polyols)food safetysupplierseventsshows & conferencesonline eventseditorial webinarsawardsfood safety & qualityalternative materials could make expensive commodities cheaper14-feb-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonas cocoa and coffee prices continue to rise, companies producing alternative materials may offer a solution. opinionbreak up with paper packaging this valentine’s day13-feb-2025by nicole rycroft, founder and executive director and ivy schlegel, strategy lead for food and beverage, canopysince the 19th century, when the heart-shaped chocolate box was created by cadbury, people have exchanged red and pink boxes, overflowing with love-filled chocolateopinioneurope must prepare for outbreaks like foot and mouth disease13-feb-2025by roxanne feller, secretary general of animalhealtheuropethe recent scare in germany should be a wakeup call for the global food and drink production industries‘laborious’ and ‘costly’ efsa food approval systems under fire12-feb-2025by nicholas robinsona cohort of speciality food ingredients businesses have thrown efsa under the bus in a damning appraisal of the organisation’s novel food approval systemsduckweed approved by eu 05-feb-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe plant has been designated as safe by europe’s food safety authority. gluten-free: improving its taste, texture and price point05-feb-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe popular category still has several issues to overcome. how is the industry working to combat these?bird flu breakthrough amidst pandemic fears04-feb-2025by donna eastlakescientists close to finding vaccine to prevent severe infections, as concerns over bird flu rise globally.yuka leads massive charge to ban aspartame and will ‘get what we want’04-feb-2025by nicholas robinsonthe yuka scanning app founded to help consumers better understand the health benefits of food and personal care products is campaigning for a ban on aspartame consumers cautiously positive on ai in food31-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonuk and us consumers are more positive than negative on the use of ai in food and beverage, albeit with some reservations. why tetra pak is saying it’s time to can the tin30-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe swedish packaging titan is putting traditionally canned food in cartons in a push for sustainability. coca-cola europacific partners recalls drinks over contamination fears30-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe manufacturer fears that drinks imported to some european countries may be contaminated with chlorate. from conscience to cost: 5 key factors influencing consumer spending29-jan-2025by donna eastlakeconsumer spending is influenced by everything from brand loyalty to what’s trending. we discover the key factors that influence purchasing decisions.key crop yields on the rise and more can afford healthy diet, report suggests 29-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonin spite of factors such as climate change and the global cost-of-living crisis, a new report has many positive findings about the global food system.no new cases of foot-and-mouth disease reported as incubation period ends28-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonwhile widespread fears of the disease have impacted german exports of livestock, meat and dairy, no new cases have been discovereddementia links put processed foods in firing line27-jan-2025by donna eastlakesales of processed red meats could fall, as new study links them to dementiabird flu fears: nationwide preventions hit england as cases rise27-jan-2025by nicholas robinsonbiosecurity measures enhanced to prevent the further spread of bird flu in england.low- and no-alcohol sales soar as teetotal stigma slumps24-jan-2025by donna eastlakelow- and no-alcoholic drinks sales are hiking up across europe. so, are we finally seeing the end of teetotal stigmatisation? mosa meat submits cultivated fat application to eu22-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe dutch cultivated meat producer is seeking eu regulatory approval for its cultivated beef fat. why ‘food as medicine’ will dominate 202521-jan-2025by donna eastlakegrowth of the ‘food as medicine’ trend is having a major impact on food and beverage, with 2025 set to take its success to a whole new level.sigep world 2025: six standout trends from the show20-jan-2025by donna eastlakeinnovation is taking centre stage at the italian food and beverage show, proving the industry is on the up, and embracing change. here are foodnavigator’s top standout trends from the show floor. caffeine and alcohol affects sleep quality, even when you may not realise it 20-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe two substances may seem like polar opposites, but both damage the quality of your night’s slumber. dire costs: germany must contain foot-and-mouth disease 17-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe recent case of foot-and-mouth disease in germany could have wide-ranging implications. why the eu still restricts ‘probiotics’ claims15-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttona recent ruling confirms the eu’s stance on the use of the word ‘probiotics’ on packaging. why is the term still restricted? kraft heinz lands global packaging innovation challenge15-jan-2025by nicholas robinsonrethinking materials and kraft heinz are challenging start-ups worldwide to develop new and more sustainable packaging.obesity ‘nuance’ vital as experts diminish bmi’s accuracy15-jan-2025by nicholas robinsonglobal health experts have called into question the accuracy of obesity figures, claiming bmi is not a good enough measureuk bans german cattle imports after foot-and-mouth disease discovered14-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe ban of imports from germany comes after an outbreak of highly infectious disease. lion’s mane set to be roaring success in food14-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe mushroom is a popular supplement. but what uses does it have in food?bird flu fight: ‘a step along the line to panic taken’ 13-jan-2025by nicholas robinsoneurope’s food and farming sectors must strengthen their pathogen safety and communication protocols against h5n1.could morning coffee reduce cardiovascular risk?09-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttondrinking coffee may be good for cardiovascular health, a new study suggests. but only if consumed in the morning.top innovation trends shaping future of food and beverage08-jan-2025by donna eastlakenew report sheds light on the future of the food and beverage industry. we look at the science shaping the industry.which glp-1 drugs are on the market? 08-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthe drugs have taken the world by storm. which ones are available now? new diabetes figures raise questions over hfss regulations07-jan-2025by donna eastlakewill new figures, highlighting links between sugar-sweetened drinks and diabetes, push governments to move further on sugar reduction regulations?opiniongluten-free trend is back but manufacturers aren’t tapping into the hype06-jan-2025by donna eastlakethe gluten-free market is going from strength-to-strength. we look at how industry can get involved in this growing trend.how do glp-1 drugs work?06-jan-2025by augustus bambridge-suttonthere may be more to the landmark drugs than just supressing appetite. could caffeine consumption cut cancer risk?06-jan-2025by donna eastlakenew study links popular stimulant to reduced risk of head and neck cancers. what does this mean for food and beverage brands?high alert: bird flu cases rise in europe with bigger hikes in us03-jan-2025by nicholas robinsonavian influenza cases have ramped up across europe and the united states, putting farmers and manufacturers on high alert.glp-1 compatible food labels launched by giant as ‘industry first’02-jan-2025by nicholas robinsonhighlighting that a product is compatible with the diets of consumers using glp-1 drugs, like ozempic, will become a bigger need, according to this food giant. are gluten-free products unhealthy?23-dec-2024by donna eastlakegluten-free is gaining popularity. but the sector has recently received criticism for being unhealthy. so, are the rumours true, and what can industry do about it?are consumers really being “unknowingly poisoned” by seed oils?19-dec-2024by donna eastlakeseed oils have come under fire from consumers and self-styled health experts, but what does the research say?does processing reduce nutrients in plant-based milks?19-dec-2024by augustus bambridge-suttonthere could be nutritional downsides to plant-based milks, a new study suggests. why the food industry wants salt reduction17-dec-2024by augustus bambridge-suttona range of companies within food and beverage want to reduce salt and sodium. what’s driving this trend?are diet drinks damaging to gut health?17-dec-2024by donna eastlakethe diet drinks industry is booming, but could links to gut damage threaten its success? is potassium a good alternative to sodium in salt?16-dec-2024by augustus bambridge-suttonpotassium is one of the most popular replacements for sodium in salt. but it may not be free of downsides. high-fructose corn syrup linked to cancer growth 12-dec-2024by donna eastlakehfcs is fundamental to current food and beverage production, but could new research linking it to cancer growth change that.could glp-1 drugs curb alcohol consumption?11-dec-2024by donna eastlakethe weight-loss properties of glp-1 drugs, including ozempic and wegovy, have dominated headlines. but could they also cut alcohol consumption? and what would this mean for beverage manufacturers?guest articleimproving mouthfeel of plant-based foods11-dec-2024by rené florisachieving good texture in plant-based products is an ongoing battle for the industry. so, what can be done to improve this vital element of consumer satisfaction?is government hfss obsession unhealthy?09-dec-2024by donna eastlakehfss cuts have been high on government healthcare agendas for years now. but is the rush to reformulate doing more harm than good?cheapflation: how this economic phenomenon is impacting f&b09-dec-2024by donna eastlakecheapflation is having a major impact on consumer and manufacturer behaviour. so what is it and how long will it last?are glp-1 drugs driving the fortification trend?06-dec-2024by augustus bambridge-suttonusers of weight loss drugs like ozempic often need more nutritionally dense food as a result. is the market supplying it? why was the un plastic pollution treaty postponed? 06-dec-2024by augustus bambridge-suttontalks in south korea to develop an international framework on plastic pollution were pushed to next year. why? load moreheadlinesmore →ai is ripping up the food and beverage rules as we know them4 ways alt materials start-ups are shaking up functional foodeu mulls us produce ban to protect farmers productsmore →yeast protein: a vegan protein derived from yeast fermentationby biospringer by lesaffreplant-based food: what about taste? by biospringer by lesaffredownload raw beet sugar product flyer by südzuckerby südzucker agwebinarsmore →next editorial webinar →19 feb 2025plant-based innovationopens in new windowlatest on-demand webinar12 feb 2025functional beveragesopens in new windowpromotional featuresmore →how the eu can strengthen authenticity and transparency with ingredientspaid for and content provided by european unionconsumer demand drives healthy, delicious, sustainable food trendspaid for and in partnership with dsm-firmenichraw beet sugar: the sweetener to create products that meet consumer needspaid for and content provided by südzucker agfoodnavigatoradvertise with usapply to reuse our contentopens in new windowpress releases - guidelinesabout uscontact uswhy register?resourcesreport a technical problemwhitelist our newslettershelp centrerss feedpodcastarchives




