


anne's anti-quackery & science blog 


























    
	anne's anti-quackery & science blog 
	
  
a skeptical view of alternative treatments and medical misinformation, pseudoscience, myth, conspiracy, intelligent design, religion, critical thinking, science and the scientific method.



wednesday, december 13, 2006



	 complementary medicines are useless and dangerous
    


complementary medicine is anecdotally-based medicine, not supported by scientific fact. from the dayli mail, i found this article:a lot of complementary medicine is ineffective, and some positively dangerous. meanwhile, alternative treatments that promise to cure cancer 'are downright irresponsible, if not criminal'. these are the views not of an old-school doctor dismissive of alternative therapies, but of professor edzard ernst, britain's first professor of complementary medicine and, you would have assumed, its greatest champion. there is a booming market for complementary medicine, and it's not only the public who are turning to alternative remedies. last week it was revealed that 60 per cent of scottish doctors prescribe their patients homeopathic or herbal remedies. read the rest here.



posted by anne @ 10:02 pm  
        





wednesday, november 15, 2006



	 quackery exposed
    


cancer is not caused by bacteria. a little bit of common sense can help us see through the fraudulent claims of hulda clark. 



posted by anne @ 11:43 pm  
        





monday, november 06, 2006



	 clairvoyant led americans to saddam
    


article november 06 from news.com.au tels us it was a clairvoyant who led americans to saddam.......did a clairvoyant help us commandos ferret saddam hussein out of his hiding place in iraq three years ago?israeli-born celebrity psychic uri geller, best known for his spoon-bending antics, says the power of the paranormal led us troops to the fugitive iraqi ex-dictator."you remember when they found saddam hussein in iraq? a soldier walked over to a rock, lifted it and then found a trap-door and found him in there," geller said."well, i know that that soldier walked over to that rock because he got information from a 'remote viewer' from the united states."geller, who says he worked for the central intelligence agency (cia) during the cold war, said his information came from a high-level source involved in us paranormal programs.a us military spokesman in iraq had no immediate comment.at the time of his capture, us commanders said a source close to the fugitive had given him up under interrogation.a brazilian psychic tried last year to claim a $us25 million ($a32.53 million) bounty offered for saddam's capture, saying he had described the hiding place in letters to the us government.do you believe the incredible?



posted by anne @ 6:30 pm  
        





wednesday, august 09, 2006



	 how does stress influence your health?
    


barry spencer wrote an interesting article the unbearable bunkness of stress.everybody says they have stress and everybody "knows" stress is bad for your health. in the article it says:stress is a concept invented in the 1930s by dr. hans selye. dr. selye died in 1983. dr. selye admitted that stress is an abstract concept, and he admitted that stress has never been adaquately defined. dr. selye's own definition of stress is the non-specific response of the body to any demand. to most people, however, stress is not an abstract concept but is something you feel. the feeling that many people call stress boils down to anxiety and frustration. so the word stress refers to two different things: (1) an abstract concept ("the non-specific response of the body to any demand") and (2) anxiety and frustration. the problem with the stress-theory isfirst of all, it ignores everything we know about the causes of disease, such as dietary deficiencies, genetic abnormalities, and infectious agents. second, it makes society — civilization itself — responsible for our personal ills, and it strongly implies that work — not anything in particular that happens at work but rather work in and of itself — causes disease. how then to explain illness in people who do not work? the stress of unemployment! or maybe family stress: very unhealthy. no family? the stress of being alone! in short, according to the stress theory, stress is inescapable. we are all just laboratory rats trapped in the big electrified cage of life.i have come to the conclusion that stress is an inescapable part of life. but does that mean stress is bad for your health?



posted by anne @ 11:07 pm  
        





thursday, july 06, 2006




	 the 38th skeptics' circle is posted
    



 it looks like some homeopathic remedy, but really it's called skeptic cola. try them over at skepticrant and enjoy.



posted by anne @ 11:39 pm  
        





thursday, june 22, 2006



	 skeptics' circle is up at autism diva blog
    


the 37th skeptics' circle has been posted to autism diva blog and it looks great.



posted by anne @ 9:46 pm  
        





wednesday, june 07, 2006



	 the road from foolishness too healthfraud
    


penn and teller are looking for "bullshit" and takes a look at chiropractic medicine, reflexology, magnet therapy and alternative medicinepenn and teller: bullshit - alternative medicine (part 1)penn and teller: bullshit - alternative medicine (part 2)penn and teller: bullshit - alternative medicine (part 3)the power of suggestion is wonderfull and expensive too...



posted by anne @ 10:17 pm  
        





tuesday, june 06, 2006




	 watch the video about chiropractic neck manipulation
    



dr. william kinsinger's video presentation at mercy health center in oklahoma city in april 2004 focuses on the real dangers of highest neck manipulation. interviews with the parents, and survivors of this technique that has no therapeutic value tell the terrible tale of what can happen if your chiropactor performs this proceduredeadly quacks: neurologists have long protested the practice of 'highest neck manipulation,' which in some cases has resulted in lethal strokes dr. william kinsinger is an american physician, and a member of a professional group monitoring government support for alternative medicine.



posted by anne @ 12:23 am  
        





monday, june 05, 2006




	 if it quacks like an alien ...
    



interestingly an alien has now been found in the stomach of a duck. the good thing is that we obviously have nothing to fear from an alien invasion.



posted by anne @ 4:31 pm  
        





sunday, june 04, 2006



	 migraine suffers would be victims of health fraud
    


it seems that migraine (headache) sufferers would be likely victims of health fraud in that the cause is poorly understood, unpredictable and often triggered by unknown factors, and can be difficult to treat. as with me, my doctor told me to visit a chiropractor to get relief. as i think massage and relaxation does wonders for headaches of all kinds, i would rather find a good pt or massage therapist.i have discovered that several pt's have fallen for the latest new-age treatments: cranio sacral therapy. an osteopath started cst and the method are used by many chiros. cst is just another weird belief without any therapeutic value:in 2002, two basic science professors at the university of new england college of osteopathic medicine concluded:our own and previously published findings suggest that the proposed mechanism for cranial osteopathy is invalid and that interexaminer (and, therefore, diagnostic) reliability is approximately zero. since no properly randomized, blinded, and placebo-controlled outcome studies have been published, we conclude that cranial osteopathy should be removed from curricula of colleges of osteopathic medicine and from osteopathic licensing examinations [10]. (source: scientific review of alternative medicine interexaminer reliability and cranial osteopathy)migraine suffers have to be careful to find a clinic or an individual therapist who they can trust, a theraphist who does not fall for this so-called therapy.



posted by anne @ 9:43 pm  
        














site navigation

what you find here
my profile
anti-quackery
skepticism
science
conspiracy
teachers lounge

subscribe


atom side feed(xml)


previous posts

complementary medicines are useless and dangerous
quackery exposed
clairvoyant led americans to saddam
how does stress influence your health?
the 38th skeptics' circle is posted
skeptics' circle is up at autism diva blog
the road from foolishness too healthfraud
watch the video about chiropractic neck manipulation
if it quacks like an alien ...
migraine suffers would be victims of health fraud

classic anti-quackery & science posts

alien abductees prone to false memories
an uncritical piece on the healer named adam (a.k.a. the adam dreamhealer)




anti-quackery web

quackery
chiro skeptical
families against abusive chiropractic treatments
millenium project
quack-files
quackwatch
canadian quackery watch
herbalwatch
alternative medicine$ the multi-billion $ fraud!
what alternative health practitioners might not tell you
youtube - quackery

skeptic web

dc's improbable science page
links to other interesting sites that deal with dubious claims and quackery





a skeptic moment
association for skeptical enquiry
australian skeptics

(a journal of fact and opinion)
badpsychics
crank dot net
csicop
debunking the paranormal
green light
holysmoke
hot cup of joe
james randi multimedia
newscientist
penn&teller bullshit
(investigating various claims with a skeptical attitude)
pseudoscience
richard dawkins multimedia
sciencedaily
scientific american.com
 skeptic file
skeptic report
skeptical inquirer
skeptical links
skepticfriends
the skeptic's dictionary
the skeptic's society
the skeptic tank
skeptica (danish)
skeptical information links
skeptically thinking
skepticality, truth in podcasting
the antiquity of man

(the exposure of pseudoscience)
the scientist
the skeptic magazine uk
the skeptic's annotated bible
xenutv (exposing scientology)

evolution & science web

creation & intelligent design watch
evolution vs. creationism community
livescience
national center for science education
new humanist
no answers in genesis!
talk.origins archive
talk design
talk reason

conspiracy web

bad astronomy
butterfliesandwheels
clavius moon base
conspiracy archive
conspiracy topsite
snopes
the alt.folklore.urban faq
truth or fiction
urban legend zeitgast
vmyths

anti-quackery, medical & science blogs

health facts & fears
azygos
apothecary's drawer weblog
bad science
by ben goldacre
bandolier
barely blogging
bioethics
blacktriangle
ccrg - cancer cure research
confessions of a quackbuster
defamation & libel blog
doctor
dr. terry polevoy
law evolution science and junk science
living the scientific life
maria duval scam
medicine and man
medpundit
mike's well hidden genius
nhs blog doctor
proximal tubule
quackerywatch
respectful insolence
steven bratman md
the heathen hold
the two percent compagni
the science site
time to lean
science useless facts

evolution & science blogs

abnormal interests
alun
evolgen
evolutionblog
pandas thumb
pharyngula
radagast's home
realclimate
stranger fruit
the loom
thoughts from kansas
intelligent or silly design
us standard time

skeptic blogs

be reasonable
beep! beep! its me
bearcastle
culture caf
gullibility isn't in the dictionary
hokum-balderdash assay
rockstar's ramblings
skepticnews
skeptico
unintelligent design
unscrewing the inscrutable
the second sight
craptose intolerance

other great voices

boing boing
eva cassidy: legendary singer
go fug yourself
what's new by bob park


blog carnivals

circular reasoning
 
(hosted by anne here)

grand rounds
tangledbank




web-rings of interest




anti-quackery ring
skeptic ring
darwins ring
science assessment

forums of interest

atheism online
chirotalk
health fraud discussion list
jref forum


medical, science and info sources

american council on science and health
amnhs
medline plus
nature.com
ncbi
the general medical journal website
nih news
eurokalert health
bbc health news
medicinnet.com
guardianunlimited
google health news
google news
yahoo news
salon.com
slate.com
the cult news network
the rick a. ross institute of new jersey
topix.net
ironic times

the truth laid bear



more statistics etc.































visitors to the site



technorati search

reciprocal links









july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
november 2006
december 2006








see who links to your web
site.
  


 




anti-quackery ring  [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ] 
skeptic ring  
[ join now 
| ring hub 
| random 
| << prev 
| next >> ] 







