






















cocktail recipes, punch mixes, culture, bartending, and drinking supplies | drink of the week




















































 



















most popular
top rated
home





search














toggle navigation









drinks blog
drink recipes
wine
reviews
cocktail food
bar supplies
 most popular
top rated
home
 search

















spring drinks
by jonas halpren
spring is almost here. get ready for a season filled with bright fresh ingredients for amazing cocktails.


read more









keep in touch


     













drink recipes by ingredient
explore recipes by type of liquor.

-- select ingredientbrandy drink recipesgin drink recipesliqueur drink recipesrum drink recipestequila drink recipesvodka drink recipeswhiskey (whisky) drink recipeswine, beer & champagne drink recipesdrinks a-z










drinks recipes by occasion
the perfect cocktail for any occasion.

-- select occasionhalloween drinkshalloween punchfall drinksthanksgiving cocktailswarm drinksholiday punchchristmas cocktailsnew year's eve cocktailsvalentine's day cocktailsmardi gras cocktailsspring drinksnational margarita dayst. patrick’s day drinkscinco de mayo cocktailsfather’s day drinkssummer cocktailsjuly 4th drinkslabor day drinks
 








in the spotlightkirkland premium small batch bourbon, aged 7 years reviewdrinks wireon a recent outing to costco, we ran across a new item, the kirkland premium small batch bourbon. you might be thinking, really, costco is making bourbon now? well, costco isn't really making bourbon; they sourced it from one of the distilleries and private labelled it. given the price at $19.99, i was game to ...read moreit's spring! drinks wirewe made it! spring is here. well at least that is what the calendar says. (sorry, readers in the southern hemisphere, i know it is fall).  so, what does spring mean for us?  vibrant fresh cocktails, that's what.  as the weeks march on towards summer, fresh ingredients will abound, which makes for some amazing drinks. ...read moreirish mist whiskey liqueur reviewdrinks wirein honor of st. patrick's day, we selected a liqueur that is made in ireland, conjures up irish history and adds a modern twist to an irish classic.  irish mist is linked with the history of ireland, itself.  in ancient ireland, the chieftains, nobles and warriors drank a wine made of honey and herbs.  with ...read morejohnnie walker blue label vs. chivas regal 18drinks wirewe were recently asked to taste two amazing whiskies head to head, johnnie walker blue label vs. chivas regal 18.
chivas regal 18
chivas regal 18 includes over 20 of scotland’s rarest single malt whiskies
quite strong on the nose with a slight oakyness.
the color is a rich dark amber.
on the tongue chivas 18 is smooth, fruity and ...read morecorzo silver tequila reviewdrinks wirethe corzo tequila (tequila silver) arrived in a fantastically attractive bottle—minimalism at its best. carzo hired a famous french designer that modeled the bottle after modern mexican buildings. the end result is a unique bottle, a tall, rectangular bottle with a square angular spout that would look great in any bar. being a fan of ...read more 






this week's drink

the 56 julep

 



all time favoritesdubonnet cocktail1hot toddy2midnight blue margarita3gin and milk (5 ways to drink like an old man)4brain hemorrhage5vodka mimosa (champagne screw)6bahama mama7charro negro8mezcal manhattan9voodoo daiquiri10malibu breeze11raspberry lemon drop12mexican egg nog13orange crush14











trending drinksespresso martinimidnight blue margaritakahlúa peppermint mocha espresso martinibrain hemorrhagevoodoo daiquirithe 56 julepzesty irishmandevil's poisonfirecrackernight nurse






















login
contact / advertise
about us
terms of use
privacy policy







popular tags
vodka, holidays, this week's drink, rum, tequila, whiskey, halloween, gin, lemon juice, lime juice, cool stuff, liqueurs, liquor reviews, events, simple syrup, lemon, orange juice, recipe, cocktail entertaining, holiday cocktails, holiday drinks, spirit reviews, summer coolers, champagne, holidays & themes
 




signup for our newsletter!





write for drink of the week!
drink of the week is looking for contributors. find out more!




drink of the week








			      drink of the week © 2025
			      this site is intended for those of legal drinking age. please drink responsibly.
			      

			      never never drink & drive !!
			      



















