



herbal-connection - independent member of golden pride international























0 item(s) - $0.00

your shopping cart is empty!







        welcome visitor you can login or create an account.      
homeshopping cartcheckout



memberships

multivitamins & minerals

w.t. rawleigh products


home remedies (9)
flavors and spices (19)
food items (3)
household cleaners (1)



weight control

specialty formulas


women (2)
men (4)
cardiovascular (10)
digestive support (4)
bone & joint support (9)
immune system (6)
focused nutrition (5)








featured




preferred customer membership

                    $10.00                  




advanced membership

                    $29.95                  








goldshield elite dietary supplements
	and original w.t. rawleigh products

over 75 goldshield elite and w. t. rawleigh products to help with weight loss, energy, joint pain, stiffness, high blood pressure, cholesterol, pms, hot flashes, multivitamins and more. we offer the best prices and secure, reliable service.  no autoship is required for retail customers or basic members! we have various payment methods including credit cards (which i process offline after verifying your order total), money orders and checks.  all orders usually ship within 24 hours of processing.



warning: consult your physician prior to using any product if you are pregnant, nursing or have any pre-existing medical conditions. the color and taste of some product may vary due to their natural ingredients and/or seasonal changes. these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. results will vary and testimonials are not guarantees of specific results. how well a product works for you depends on your body makeup, diet, exercise and how diligently you take the products.

if you have any questions, please email me! 

copyright 2001-2012 all rights reserved herbal-connection.com. all product names are copyrighted and/or registered trademarks of their respective companiesâ®. herbal-connection.com claims no ownership in them and is only a distributor / independent member of golden pride international, formerly known as goldshield elite.
herbal-connection - independent member of golden pride international






information

faqs
about us
payment & shipping
privacy policy
terms and conditions



customer service

contact us
site map



my account

my account
order history
newsletter




designed by: opencartstuff.com
powered by opencart herbal-connection.com - independent member of golden pride int. © 2012


