









aviator game play online in india | official site




































  









 































if you love playing games online to earn cool cash, then you’re about to read about one of the best online casino games out there – the aviator money game.
that’s right. you can earn money by just relaxing and playing an interesting casino crash game online.
you’ve probably heard of aviator games; they’re the ones you can play on your smartphone or tablet, often while waiting in line or waiting at an appointment.
a slot like the aviator is fun and offers a lot of chances to win. if you take advantage of the available pick ’em bonus, you can win even more while playing. and you don’t even have to keep track of how much you bet. the game does it for you automatically.
they give you something fun to do without taking up much time and they make it easy to pass the time with friends and family members. what many people don’t know, however, is that you can also play aviator games online!
here’s how you can get the most out of this fun pastime and build skills, make money through bets or just have some fun playing aviator games online.
what is the aviator crash game?
crash games are games where means of locomotion such as ships, planes, etc. are featured in online gambling. you can make money by betting on when the device crashes.
crash games are fast-paced and easy to play with others online. the best part about these games is that the more people who play them with you, the more likely you’ll be able to win.
aviator games belong to this category of online casino games and in this case, it takes the form of a plane that flies higher and higher until it eventually flies off the screen (crashes). 
the game aviator was developed in january 2019 by spribe, a british company that creates igaming products and casino games. spribe takes pride in developing and providing classic and fair casino games. aviator game quickly became spribe’s flagship product and a people’s favorite.
due to the increase in the number of people that plays crash games, the aviator game is very popular in some countries. it’s also very simple and is based on a random number generator (rng).
the aviator casino game is a real-money social multiplayer online casino game that gives you good winnings thanks to the rising odds of flying a plane.
aviator casino games are a blast. you can enjoy them for free, but the cost of playing will quickly add up. they’re not just fun and exciting, they also teach you how to count cards, which is very valuable knowledge if you want to make money by gambling at a casino.
aviator game rtp
the aviator casino game has an rtp of 97%.
algorithm
you’re responsible for the amount you earn in the game. one reason the aviator game is very popular is because of its simplicity. it’s pretty straight forward and so are its algorithm and rules. when you place a bet and take off the multiplier increases. it keeps going until it disappears from the screen without any warning. the goal is to cash out before this happens. if you fail to do that, you lose your bet.
the multiplier increases based on a randomly generated number. the plane can crash at any time. provably fair technology ensures complete honesty and non-interference in the aviator spribe game results from the online casino. more specifically, the result of each round (the coefficient at which the plane flew away) is not generated on online casino servers. it is created with the assistance of the players who take part in the round. it’s entirely transparent.
rules
the game is unpredictable, however, there are some tricks and tips that could increase your chances of winning.
but first, here are some rules you have to follow. don’t fret. the rules are simple and easy to follow.

first, always place your bet before the plane takes off.
second, follow the multiplier scale as it increases at takeoff. it starts with 1x and continues to grow. keep this in mind:

winnings/round = multiplier amount at withdrawal × bet’s size.
(note: the multiplier amount will be zero if you don’t cash out before the plane veers off the screen. more reasons to be alert)

third, to avoid losing your bet, be sure to withdraw before the plane disappears. how would you know when to withdraw? there’s no one answer to that. most people find the game exciting due to this unpredictability.

game features
engaging & social
when compared to other online casino games, aviator stands apart. it is designed and integrated with social components to give players the impression of being in a cheerful, bustling community. players can communicate with one another, exchange triumphs and losses, and support one another.
in-game chat
what better method to build community than through in-game chat? this function is included in all modes (web, tablet, and mobile) and is an essential component of the aviator game.
it can be used to communicate with other players and to receive critical information from the moderators. it can also send messages to all players in the room, receive notifications about important events, get information about other players’ actions, and report any problems during the game. 
live bet
the game makes it possible for you to see what everyone else is betting, how much they’re spending, and how much they are winning with this live bet feature. live statistics the biggest wins are displayed as a daily, monthly, or all-time leaderboard in an in-game statistics module.
everyone can track the progress and earnings of other successful gamers. the statistics section displays the time of the most recent game, the name of the winner, the size of their bet, and the coefficient at which they played.
live statistics
live statistics, which track your wins and losses, are available on the aviator. you can also see how many people are playing at any given time and compare your game performance against other players.
for those who want to know exactly how much money has been wagered, hold a free trial of aviator and watch the live statistics update in real time.
easy gameplay
the game’s simplicity is a recurring feature. a newcomer can quickly learn and master its gameplay, techniques, and method. it is also a game of luck, and anyone can win.
autoplay
you can set a loss limit and bet automatically for a maximum of 10 rounds during the game. it has an auto-play feature that allows players to play the game automatically.
when you set a loss limit, the game sessions are automatically terminated based on the limit.
auto cash out
the game automatically cashes out your winnings when you set a multiplier amount. for example, if you believe it is safe, you could set autoplay and cash out at ×2.
if your internet connection is lost while your bet is active, the game will automatically cash out with the current coefficient and the winnings will be added to your balance.  players can earn a lot of money with large multipliers. for example, if a player gets lucky, the plane can reach a multiplier of ×200.
simple graphics
aviator game takes pride in simplicity. simple graphics, simple algorithms, simple rules, and so on. the graphic elements don’t interfere with the game.
free bets
aviator by spribe has a “demo” version that is completely free and allows players to test out the game and get a feel for how it works without risking any of their own money. 
the feature is fantastic because it allows inexperienced players to try the game without risking any money. you can also earn free bets through the rain promotion or by searching the game menu.
rain promo
rain feature drops a huge number of free bets into chat. you can claim free bets by pressing the “claim” button. free bets are awarded by the operator, or from other players.
you can also drop the number of free bets for other players from the “rain” panel, by pressing the “rain” button on the bottom side of aviarace tournaments
aviarace tournaments
if you want to keep winning, one way to do it is through the aviarace tournaments. all players can participate in them, and winning earns you bonus points. bonus points can then be turned into free bets, cash, or special perks.
aviarace tournaments are a series of events that can be played in addition to traditional betting. players earn bonus points for each win. 
provably fair
provably fair games enable a player to prove the fairness of their bets. it enables players to check that the results of their games are fair. 
provably fair is an algorithm based on technologies that allow online randomization to step up and reach a new level of fairness and openness. 
aviator casino game is one of the games that use provably fair software. what this means is that, because the multiplier is randomly generated, the game is fair and anyone can win.
how aviator game works
so, how is it that such a thematic game operates and provides you with the chance to win money along the way? crash games follow in the same vein as the other games in this category, providing a graphic display based on a random number generator (rng), ensuring random results occur in every round.  so, have a look at this guide to how the aviator game plays out.
one game every 8 to 30 seconds
aviator’s gameplay is quick, with each round lasting between 8 and 30 seconds on average. of course, how quickly the plane is over depends on how high it ends up going in around. the time limit for placing bets for the next round is about 5 seconds. you should get the wagers in before time runs out.
set your initial stake
at the bottom of the game screen, you’ll notice two sections with the same buttons and options. this is because you can place two different bets on the same round if you so desire. to bring your initial stake into play, simply use the + and – buttons or select a specific value.
the betting round countdown will be displayed for approximately 5 seconds. as a result, knowing what wager(s) you want to place for the next round is essential, as that 10-second countdown ticks down quickly.
take the winnings
after the betting period has ended, the plane will veer off into the sky. as it rises, a multiplier will appear next to it, which will increase as the plane soars higher. it is entirely up to you how long you allow this multiplier to increase before pulling out. the ‘cash out’ button will be located at the bottom of the game screen, and the amount of money you will receive from cashing out will also be displayed there.
where to play aviator game in india



casino site
bonus
promocode
link to play


4rabet
200% up to 24,000 inr
gameonsoftware
play online


1win
+500% on first deposit up to inr 75,000
gameonsoftware
play online


mostbet
125% extra + 250 fs on your first deposit
gameonsoftware
play online



you can play the aviator casino game at almost any bitcoin casino or online casino with a license from curacao.
however, we recommend these two casinos.

1win 
4rabet

how to register
1win

visit the 1win casino website and click on the “sign up” button.
enter your data such as name, address, and date of birth.
create a username and password.
choose your currency and deposit method.
confirm your account via the link in the activation email

4rabet

visit the 4rabet casino website and click on the “sign up” button.
enter your data such as name, address, and date of birth.
create a username and password.
choose your currency and deposit method.
confirm your account via the link in the activation email

if you already have an account, all you have to do is sign in. 
after the procedure, you’d be taken to your dashboard where you can play the aviator casino game.
how to start playing
after registration, choose your deposit method. when you deposit, you can now place your bets and start playing to earn cash.
minimal deposit
the minimal deposit for both 1win and 4rabet is ₹300. with just that amount you’d be able to kickstart your journey to earning money with the online aviator casino game.
withdrawal
here’s how you can withdraw your winnings step-by-step
1win

click on the “personal account” icon from the top of the homepage then select the “withdrawal” tab and fill in the following fields – name.
choose the withdrawal method you’d like to use. 
fill out the required details.
tap on the “withdraw” button.

4rabet

log in to your profile and click on the payment bottom.
choose the order the payment and select a payment mode.
fill out the necessary payment and select the amount
click on the withdraw button

how to play aviator demo (no deposit) game?
the aviator crash game has a free no deposit demo version for beginners. it’s free and you can have the full experience of playing the game. you can download and play the demo version for tryouts.
 if you’re not sure so sure about the game, you can try out the free demo version.
download aviator on mobile (apk) – android or ios
the aviator casino game can be played on mobile devices but doesn’t have an app. you can only play on official casino sites.
tricks and tips
 as mentioned earlier, the online aviator game is so unpredictable. no strategy, tricks, or tips guarantee you a sure-fire winning streak. why? because everything is random. the multipliers are generated by a random number generator (rng). regardless, there are some tips to give you a better chance of winning and making real money.  
here are some tips you should keep in mind.
study the other competitors
when playing slots online at aviator casinos, it’s essential to know if other players have played this game before you or not. if any other players have played this game before you, then it will be easier for them to help you out when it comes time to win some cash on your hands.
examine the other players
you should also examine the other players to know what kind of strategies they are using when playing this slot machine because it might be beneficial for you if they use one over another approach since there are different strategies out there on how people play slots online at aviator casino so they can get maximum profit from their winnings by using one technique over another.
remember the live statistics and in-game chat feature? now’s the time to take full advantage of it. take a close look at the stats, study the patterns (if any) and figure out what works. it’ll increase your chance of making more money. you may not have the time to do all of these. but, come on, if you’re serious, you’d want to put in the time.
try out the aviator game demo
not all online casino games have a free demo version, but the aviator game does. take advantage of it and see if the game is worth it or not. practice to gain experience, use all the features, and have fun. for free.
make use of auto cash out
use of this feature while playing to avoid losses due to poor internet connection and other related issues. with this feature, the game will auto cash out if the internet connection is interrupted during the bet.
don’t be greedy
do you remember the third rule? you should withdraw your bet before the plane veers off the screen.  one sure way to keep winning is to withdraw fast so that you don’t risk losing everything. 
now, most people would not like to do that. they want to win big in one go. what usually happens is that they end up losing their bet.
it’s best practice to withdraw as soon as you reach a multiplier that you find acceptable. don’t bet too greedy or you risk losing your bet.
top aviator game strategy 
martingale strategy
if you’ve ever played top online slot games, you’ve probably heard of the martingale betting strategy. perhaps you’ve already incorporated it into your betting strategy. if not, we have instructions on how to use it here. the idea is to recover any loss you have experienced by increasing your bet each round until you win.
as a result, you begin with a small wager. let’s say it’s €2. if you lose that round due to the plane taking off before you can cash out, you double your money for the next round. in this case, you would place a wager of €4. this continues until you win, at which point you return to the smallest bet of €2.
fibonacci betting system
in the fibonacci betting system, you are required to increase the size of your wager every time you lose. it’s not a surefire way of winning the aviator game though. but it does work.
single bet strategy
all techniques and tactics in this section can be classified into three risk levels:
minimal risk
this style is ideal for beginners as well as players who are patient and careful.
doubleup strategy – moderate risk
in this case, you can place any size bet as long as you are confident that the airplane will reach the 2x mark.
high risk
this strategy involves calculating how long it takes for a 100x multiplier to hit and then attempting to catch it.
multi bet strategy
the following are the most popular strategies in this section:
2:1 strategy
you place two bets, one of which is twice as large as the other.
1.5x +2x strategy
in this strategy, as in the previous one, the first bet is worth twice as much as the second.
ai aviator predictor
the aviator game can be predictable by using trained ai software. increase your chances of making more money and doubling up your income by downloading a reliable ai aviator predictor.
it is capable of making 95% accurate predictions. the app provides you with accurate information about what’s going to happen next, so you can make a lot of money by following the app’s forecasts.
games similar to aviator and analogs

jetx game – jet x is an innovative arcade slot from smartsoft gaming that plays on primal human instincts, specifically fear of missing out, which results from the belief that someone else is now making money while you are losing money.
cash or crash game – cash or crash is a live game show created by evolution gaming in which you take to the skies with the chance to soar progressively higher towards massive potential winnings.
jet lucky game – jetlucky is a multiplier game set on an open water battlefield. you place a bet on a fighter jet before it takes off, and as it moves forward, the bet multiplier increases, forcing you to decide whether to cash out or wait for a larger payout before the jet explodes. it is developed by gaming corps.
jet x3 game – jetx3 is an exciting online arcade game. to begin playing, you must first place a bet in one, two, or three parts. after that, you’ll have to keep an eye on the distance between the spaceships and how the odds change. smartsoft gaming created jetx3.
lucky 7 game – lucky 7 is a lottery-style game that is played and live-streamed by betgames studios. lucky seven is played on a flat surface with seven numbered coasters (one for each player). the goal of the game is to accumulate the most points by turning all seven coasters’ number side up.
lucky jet game – lucky jet, developed by the online software company gaming corps, is very similar to the aviator game.

aviator game pros and cons
pros

innovative curve crash format
interesting social features
big payouts
free bets
can play anywhere and with any device
you can control how much you bet and spend
fair and transparent
it’s fun and easy to play

cons

maybe hard to predict

conclusion
the aviator game by spribe is indeed extraordinary. you get to catch fun, while also earning money in the process.
use the tricks, strategy, and tips in this guide and you’re ready for takeoff.
 
faq
where can i play aviator crash for free? 
the aviator crash game has a free demo version for beginners. it’s free and you can have the full experience of playing the game. you can download and play the demo version for tryouts.
how does the aviator game work?
when you place a bet and take off the multiplier increases and keeps going until it disappears from the screen without any warning. the goal is to cash out before this happens.
how do i withdraw money from the aviator game?
it depends on what online casino you play in.
how to succeed at the aviator game?
you should stick to withdrawing your bet as fast as you can before the plane disappears from the screen. 
what do you think of the casino game aviator?
it’s an easy way to earn extra cash while having fun at the same time.
what is the best aviator game strategy?
it’s hard to tell because the aviator game is so random and unpredictable. however, most people don’t take chances with withdrawing their bets before the plane takes off.
does the casino provide bonuses for the game aviator?
yes, there are a lot of bonuses for the first deposit.
 
 








