



villa cascada - barefoot vacation villas



























































































 


 






















        



about

the area
the food
faq


the villas

villa cascada
villa ocotal
villa estrella del mar
villa rayo de la luna


tours & activities
weddings
testimonials
contact






















 


























call for price*
*vacation prices are based on per person per night, usually with a minimum 5 nights.




all-inclusive
16 bedrooms
air-conditioned bedrooms
free wifi
54,000 gallon pool with waterfall
hot tub above waterfall
huge open air deck
workout area
billard table
ping pong table
foosball table
22ft shuffleboard table




check availability









                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1    
  1    




about villa cascadafaqreservation policy



take the virtual 3d tour









villa cascada is the largest resort-style private villa in all the guanacaste area. the all-inclusive 16 bedroom costa rican villa offers the best in luxury amenities. all 16 bedrooms are individually air-conditioned with thermostats in the room, and can comfortably sleep 32 people. located on a lovely hill overlooking the pacific ocean. villa cascada makes a spectacular location for your wedding, group activities or family vacation. all the rooms are air-conditioned, and all but two rooms have beautiful views of the ocean.
this two-story villa has plenty of open air deck space, which makes villa cascada the most spacious of all the barefoot vacation villas. all meals are served in the covered dining area overlooking the ocean and swimming pool. the 54,000 gallon pool features a beach entry and infinity edge, as well as the soothing sounds of a cascading waterfall from the second story tiki hut. the pool is designed to relax and soak in the tropical sun, or play a big family game of water volleyball.
villa cascada is built for fun and entertainment, featuring a 22 ft shuffleboard table, a billiard table, a foosball table, and a ping pong table!  feel free to curl up to a book on the open deck or enjoy a ice cold costa rican beverage in the hot tub.
view floorplan







what are the all-inclusive benefits?the “all inclusive per person per night rate” includes delicious meals, afternoon appetizers, soft drinks, juices, bottled water  and a “bar”, including various national liquors, wines, tropical frozen drinks and icy cold costa rican beers.   laundry service is included as well.  the best benefit of all just might be your exclusive 5 star staff who will ensure your stay to be exemplary in every way!does the villa provide transportation for golf outings, surfing trips or other activities?no - however, guillermo will be happy to assist you in arranging a taxi, van or bus (depending on the size of your group) for your golf outings, surfing trips or other activities.what airport is closest to the villa?the liberia international airport (lir) is 20 minutes from all of the villa.  all major airlines are currently serving the liberia airport as well as several charters.  san jose airport (sjo) is the other major airport and it is a 4 to 5 hour drive to the villa.  there are commuter airlines (sansa and nature air) that connect san jose to liberia.is it appropriate to tip the staff?gratuities are not included so the amount of tips left for the staff is entirely up to you.   the tips are proportionately divided between all  the staff - those you see daily and those behind the scenes assuring your stay is flawless.  there is a lock box for your convenience at the villa and generally guests place the tips in the box on the final evening of their stay or the morning of their departure.  $15.00 per day per person is the average tip.is it safe to visit costa rica?the answer is a resounding yes. costa rica is by far the safest, friendliest nation in the hemisphere with a long history of peace, stability, and kindness to the visitors. with a policy of active neutrality, the country has twice earned the nomination for the nobel peace prize. it has also repeatedly been referred to as the “switzerland of the americas”. according to the u.s. embassy website, costa rica is statistically safer than the u.s., and political violence is non-existent.will i need adaptors for the electrical outlets?the electrical outlets at all the villas are the same as those in the united statesdo you have a baby bed and high chair?with prior notification, a baby bed and high chair will be available for little ones.can we have a wedding at the villa?yes, we offer full wedding planning and coordination services for your wedding right down to the last flower petal.  striving for stress free planning is our goal - the creation of your vision for your wedding should be fun and exciting!!!can we entertain friends/family who are not a registered guest?no, only registered guests are admitted to the villa premises for full all-inclusive privileges.  day passes may be issued with advance planning and proper identification.are there facilities for a corporate retreat?yes, villa cascada has hosted numerous successful corporate retreats.  the large dining / gathering area creates the perfect setting for incentive rewards or initiating future business planning goals.  also, the various excursions offer the group vast experiences and entertainment as well as great team building.






rates
all-inclusive vacation packages are based on a per-person, per-night rate, including:

accommodations + staff services
three daily meals + snacks
alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages with fully-stocked bar.

airfare is not included.
deposit
reservations made more than nine months in advance:

an initial deposit of 25% will hold your reservation. a second payment of 25% will be due 60 days later, and the final 50% payment is due 60 days prior to arrival.

reservations made within nine months of travel:

an initial deposit of 50% is required to hold your reservation. the remaining 50% is due 60 days before arrival at the villa.

refund policy
written cancellation and refund request notice less than 90 days prior to arrival:

eligible for a voucher equal to 100% of the deposit that may be used within 18 months as credit toward a future booking with the villas.

written cancellation and refund request notice more than 90 days prior to arrival:

eligible for a voucher equal to 100% of the deposit that may be used within 18 months as credit toward future booking with the villas or 75% of the deposit refunded by check or wire transfer.

payment
we accept personal checks, wire transfers or credit card via paypal.







what does “all inclusive” really mean?
all inclusive vacations include your air-conditioned room, daily maid and laundry services, three delicious meals and afternoon appetizers prepared by your own full-time chef.  it also includes a fully-stocked open bar with bartenders ready to prepare tropical cocktails throughout the day.
learn more about the food
 
additional, you can upgrade your vacation package to include an extensive array of professional spa services such as facials, manicures, pedicures, massages, as well as live entertainment such as casino night, dj pool party, or a live local costa rican band.


























                        feb 18, 2025 - tue                    







liberia, costa rica




91°f 




scattered clouds 



16 mph, e



43%



756.81 mmhg






 






contact info: toll free: 1.888.862.6825
direct: 817.375.8606
email: pam@barefootvacationvillas.com

check availability








				© 2019 barefoot vacation villas, inc			 



     









 


about

the area
the food
faq


the villas

villa cascada
villa ocotal
villa estrella del mar
villa rayo de la luna


tours & activities
weddings
testimonials
contact







 







































