














flinders medical centre | sa health


































































































accessibility

language



arabic - عربي
chinese (traditional) - 中國傳統
chinese (simplified) - 中国简化
english
khmer - ភាសាខ្មែរ 
nepali - नेपाली
pashto - پښتو
persian - فارسى
spanish - español
swahili - kiswahili
vietnamese - tiếng việt
more languages













              go to sahealth.sa.gov.au
            




                do you have an emergency?
              

                have an emergency?
              









skip to content (press enter)










search flinders medical centre





search










 menu

search




for the menu below, use line-by-line navigation to access expanded sub-menus. the tab key navigates through main menu items only.









home


about us
about us

about us
contact us
news and publications


services and clinics
services and clinics

services and clinics
clinics
services


patients and visitors
patients and visitors

accounts and charges
admission
patients and visitors
consumer advisory service
discharge
transport and parking
visiting hours
engaging with us
consumer engagement


careers and training
careers and training

careers and training


salhn research
salhn research

salhn research
low risk research
higher risk research at salhn
post approval for research
continuous improvement at salhn
research governance
southern adelaide clinical human research ethics committee


support us
support us

support us






need to talk to somebody?

            for assistance in a mental health emergency, contact the mental health triage service - telephone:
          


 13 14 65
            

available 24 hours, seven days a week.
















flinders medical centre







-








please be aware, major redevelopment works are underway at flinders medical centre to build a new seven-storey acute services building.

the northern entrance is the main hospital entrance and has an immediate pick up and drop off area.

the care park (western) car park also offers 30 minutes free parking for pick up and drop off.

please allow more travel time when visiting flinders medical centre and follow the signage.

find out more about where to park and how to enter the hospital by visiting the southern redevelopment page.
flinders medical centre (fmc) is the southern area's largest hospital and provides medical services for people living in the southern metropolitan area of adelaide. the emergency department is open 24 hours, seven days a week.
the hospital is co-located with the flinders university school of medicine and flinders private hospital.
it is one of two major trauma centres in the state with around-the-clock emergency retrieval service bringing patients to the hospital by road or helicopter.



find a clinic or service



a-z




search a-z

0 - 9
all













trending topics 






fmc services and clinics
work at fmc
general enquries
salhn strategic plan
information for visitors
fmc site map
emergency department at fmc
closing the gap at salhn











contact details
flinders medical centre







address


flinders drive, bedford park


view on google maps









phone


(08) 8204 5511

24 hour emergency department






envelope













fax


(08) 8204 5450









emergency department status




normal
busy
very busy




average wait time:

not available
avg. over the past 2 hours for non-critical cases.

wait time

avg wait time (arrival to assessment by an ed clinician) over past 2 hours excl high priority cases









updated 
view full dashboard










about us



            overview information about flinders medical centre
          








services and clinics



            a-z list of health clinics and services. 

view health services by letter.
          








patients and visitors



            key information about being a patient or visitor at fmc, including the hospital's patient information guide.
          








careers and training



            information about employment at flinders medical centre
          








salhn research



            the salhn research hub is responsible for the governance of research activities carried out across salhn.
          








support us



            information about volunteering at flinders medical centre
          















how to stay healthy in the heat
everyone is at risk of heat-related illness during hot weather and heatwaves.

            more about healthy in the heat
          













are you a carer? 
a carer is someone who helps a family member or friend with emotional support, preparing meals, administering medicine, assisting with personal care or paying bills.  

            more about carers
          













working in regional south australia
our south australian regional local health networks offer outstanding career opportunities in medicine, nursing and midwifery as well as the allied health disciplines

            more about working in regional south australia
          













aboriginal health care framework 2023-2031
 sa health’s aboriginal health care framework 2023-2031 measuring contributions towards closing the gap on health disparity between aboriginal and non-aboriginal.

            more about aboriginal health care framework 2023-2031
          













fight the bite
information on how to fight the bite and protect yourself from mosquito-borne diseases.

            more about fight the bite
          













stop the flu before it stops your kids 
young children are more likely to be seriously affected by the flu. vaccination provides the best protection, and is free for children 6 months to under 5 years.

            more about stop the flu
          













be part of a health system that is truly world-class
no other single employer in south australia can offer the variety of careers and work environments that we can at sa health. find out more and search our jobs.

            more about careers
          













for work. for life.
discover the healthcare job opportunities at sa health and everything else that’s waiting for you in south australia.

            more about for work. for life.
          













umm...ergency
is it an emergency or more of an umm…ergency? when you’re unsure, call healthdirect to speak to a registered nurse who can help you find the best care.

            more about umm...ergency
          













medicare urgent care clinics
information on the medicare urgent care clinics in south australia.

            more about medicare urgent care clinics
          

















about us
contact us
search

sitemap




where to go for help



              emergencies
            

dial 000 (for ambulance, fire or police)
            



              healthdirect
            

dial 1800 022 222




              mental health crisis
            

                        dial 13 14 65
                      



              poisons information centre
            

                        dial 13 11 26
                      




about flinders medical centre

          flinders medical centre (fmc) is the southern area's largest hospital and provides medical services for people living in the southern metropolitan area of adelaide. 
              
last updated: 13 nov 2024 


connect with us































































top
        






 acknowledgement of country

                we acknowledge and respect aboriginal peoples as the state's first peoples and nations, and recognise aboriginal peoples as traditional owners and occupants of land and waters in south australia.
              




© 2025 sa health (cc) by 4.0
privacy
terms of use
abn 97 643 356 590




















    © 2025 sa health. abn 97 643 356 590.
  


use of the information and data contained within this site or these pages is at your sole risk. 
if you rely on the information on this site you are responsible for ensuring by independent verification its accuracy, currency or completeness.
this site includes links to other websites operated by community, business and government.
these linked websites will have their own terms and conditions of use and you should familiarise yourself with these. 
all linked websites are linked 'as is' and the government of south australia: 
    
does not sponsor, endorse or necessarily approve of any material on websites linked from or to this site;
does not make any warranties or representations regarding the quality, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of any material on websites linked from or to this site;
does not make any warranties or representations that material on other websites to which this site is linked does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person anywhere in the world; and
does not authorise the infringement of any intellectual property rights contained in material in other websites by linking this site to those other websites.


if you use automatic language translation services in connection with this site you do so at your own risk. 
the information and data on this site is subject to change without notice. the government of south australia may revise this disclaimer at any time by updating this posting.
the government of south australia, its agents, instrumentalities, officers and employees: 
    
make no representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information and data contained on this site
make no representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy or usefulness of any translation of the information on this site or any linked website into another language
make no representations as to the availability of the site and the availability of websites linked from or to the site
accept no liability however arising for any loss resulting from the use of the site and any information and data or reliance placed on it (including translated information and data) 
make no representations, either expressed or implied, as to the suitability of the said information and data for any particular purpose
accepts no liability for any interference with or damage to a user's computer, software or data occurring in connection with or relating to this site or its use or any website linked to this site
do not represent or warrant that applications or payments initiated through this site will in fact be received or made to the intended recipient. users are advised to confirm the application or payment by other means.





privacy http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/privacy
copyright http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/copyright
disclaimer http://www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/wps/wcm/connect/public+content/sa+health+internet/about+us/website+information/disclaimer
last updated: 13 nov 2024 


























