


'



















	'
          






































saturday, february 17, 2007



	 
	 press release: catablast! media llc closes its doors
	 
    
about us /our historywe're the guys who read 10ks in the jacuzzi and stare at squiggly lines all day.the catablast! media group is an independent provider of investment commentary and research. originally founded by stock market zealots with unique perspectives on under-followed stocks, catablast! media closed its doors in late 2006 after its founder & president chose to pursue his mba/cfa at the kelley school of business at indiana university.due to its alpha-maximizing idea flow (and wry sense of humor), small cap/mid cap equity research generated by catablast! media quickly developed a large following on wall street and within months, appeared on major media venues such as google finance, yahoo! finance, thestreet.com (nasdaq:tscm), and seekingalpha.comour investing theme & strategyoutperform the major benchmarks by implementing an opportunistic and "event-driven" long/short strategy that combines rigorous fundamental research and savvy trading/technical analysis to capture short-term gains. our focus on short term gains, however, does not obscure our view of long-term superior returns.our performance record/research archivewe are glad to announce that an overwhelming majority of our 2006 recommendations have either been acquired or taken private (dgin, sbl, ycc, fs, uvn, tbl, bgp). similarly, some of our more momentum-driven ideas (coh, mwrk, igt, kmx, fds, gymb, flws, lgf, ma, dllr) have yielded returns between 45% and 105%, all within our target 6 month - 1y time frame.if you are looking for writing samples or research tied to any of the aforementioned securities, please see a collection of our most representative work by clicking here as well as here.what is your latest buy recommendation?we understand some of you miss our research and would like to receive any ideas we may have even after we have shut down. that said, our latest report is on dj orthopedics (nasdaq:djo) and can be found by clicking here. on december 26th, we will publish a short report on bed bath & beyond, on which we have a $47 price target.contact inforecruiters, analysts, reporters/journalists, and portfolio/fund managers can contact our team by writing to feedback@catablast.com (serious inquiries only, please).if you would like to read more about kelley's top 20 mba graduate program, you can go here, here, and here. our founder can be reached directly through this kelley website. all spam and junk email will be furiously deleted and blocked.many thanks to seeking alpha llcwe'd like to extend a special thanks to seekingalpha and its founder david jackson. david noticed our work early on and it has been a privilege contributing to his creation, today the #1 destination for internet-based equity research. seeking alpha, which helps independent equity research providers expand their content reach, is definitely worth your time.

posted by catablast! media group @ 7:36 pm





sunday, january 28, 2007



	 
	 hunting for value stocks
	 
    
have you ever screened the market for good values? trust us -- it ain't easy and it takes a lot more than a low p/e multiple to get a stock thrown into a serious institutional portfolio.so we decided to break it down for all our value investing homies'.if you'd like to know what value investing is, where it happens, and what you should avoid, we urge you to click here.hit us with your comments at feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 4:03 pm





saturday, january 27, 2007



	 
	 upcoming reports: bbw, pby, and aw
	 
    
over the next few weeks, we will be initiating coverage on build-a-bear workshop (nyse:bbw), allied waste (nyse:aw), and pep boys (nyse:pby).be on the loookout for those reports, as well as another one on starbucks (nasdaq:sbux).in february, we plan to initiate coverage on the it consulting/computer services space.hedge fund managers and investment professionals/recruiters can contact our team by writing to feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 8:33 am





monday, january 22, 2007



	 
	 some of our best picks: fs, cost, ndn, dllr, and dige
	 
    
granted the market has been totally en fuego over the last few months, but even we were surprised to see how well our stock picks continue to perform ever since we "officially" closed up shop last august.for example, hotelier four seasons (nyse:fs) was acquired a couple of months after we wrote about it here. readers and subscribers would have netted 32% on this play.warehouse retailer costco (nasdaq:cost) is up about 8% since we first wrote about it here.we hope you didn't forget about digene (nasdaq:dige) -- it's up 25% since we pounded the table on this cervical cancer test manufacturer. look here.dollar financial (nyse:dllr), similarly, has posted a 35% return. here is a quick read on why the stock is a must-buy.lastly, 99centsonly (nyse:ndn) has also cruised past our price objective -- to the tune of 25% peep this.want to talk smack? hit us up at feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 7:01 am








	 
	 latest report is out: starbucks vs panera
	 
    
ever wonder what makes specialty coffee purveyor starbucks(nasdaq:sbux) so damn special?furthermore, do you ever wonder what makes panera (nasdaq:pnra)look wimpy when pitted against the seattle giant?we do.check out our latest report on the mocha momma by clicking right here.

posted by catablast! media group @ 6:36 am





thursday, january 04, 2007



	 
	 wyndham hotels is buyout bait, kids
	 
    
don't take our word for it -- take that of lehman brothers.we caught the banking behemoth with its pants down yesterday, right as it was pushing a 2 million share block of wyndham hotels (nyse: wyn).after seeing shares move like that on no news, we did our homework and we think you'll like what we uncovered.find out why the smart money is all over wyn by clicking right here.comments? you know the deal: feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 7:48 am





wednesday, january 03, 2007



	 
	 back on yahoo!
	 
    
 thank you again to the hard-working team @ seekingalpha.com for getting us out on yahoo! this morning.our cover stories on potash (nyse: pot) and the orthopedics industry were both picked up late tuesday night.you can view the stories here and here.we will be back at the end of the week with a rather juicy report on the banking industry.questions? hit us up during after-hours at feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 5:05 am





tuesday, january 02, 2007



	 
	 latest buy report is out: potash corp
	 
    
we've got pot for you, but it's not the type for your pipe, stupid. this one is for your portfolio.today, we initiate coverage on potash corp (nyse: pot) with a hold recommendation.the report can be obtained by clicking here.as always, let us know if you'd like to reference it: feedback@catablast.com

posted by catablast! media group @ 7:34 am





sunday, december 31, 2006



	 
	 newest report is out: orthopedics/medical devices
	 
    
as mentioned, we have reduced our focus and coverage universe to 5 sectors: consumer, healthcare, financial, hardware, and telecom.today, we release our first industry report, titled orthopedics industry takes off amid aging boomer population: a brief anatomy.it can be viewed right here.material is copyright protected and if you have any questions or would like to reference the material, please make us aware at feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 7:16 am





tuesday, december 26, 2006



	 
	 we get quoted in yahoo! finance
	 
    
we'd like to thank our publishers, seekingalpha.com, as well as yahoo! and all our readers for continuing to make our service such a success, even after officially "shutting down" in august 2006.this morning, we were quoted at yahoo! finance after shares of bed bath & beyond -- on which we initiated coverage yesterday -- edged higher.if you'd like to read our feature, please do so here.thanks again and happy trading!

posted by catablast! media group @ 9:12 am








	 
	 our coverage universe
	 
    
please note that beginning today, we will narrow our focus to the consumer, financial, health care, telecom, and hardware sectors.specifically, we will only be covering these industries:1. retail, apparel, & accessories2. large cap banks/regional banks3. medical devices/supplies4. wireless/wireline5. semiconductors/semiconductor equipment6. pharmaceuticals & biotechnology (coming soon)7. leisure, gaming, & lodging8. it consulting/computer servicesthis is a result of our trying to focus on the industries we know best in order to add more value to our operation. if you have any questions, please write to us at feedback@catablast.com.

posted by catablast! media group @ 8:38 am
















recent upgrades, downgrades, or memos

press release: catablast! media llc closes its doors
hunting for value stocks
upcoming reports: bbw, pby, and aw
some of our best picks: fs, cost, ndn, dllr, and dige
latest report is out: starbucks vs panera
wyndham hotels is buyout bait, kids
back on yahoo!
latest buy report is out: potash corp
newest report is out: orthopedics/medical devices
we get quoted in yahoo! finance


















 

about us | in the news | management | contact us | archive | premium membership | terms of use | privacy policy | careers | faq  
all quotes are 15 minutes delayed. copyright â© 2006 by catablast! media group llc, part of the seekingalpha network. 
web design by synexio systems. all rights reserved.