






100th anniversary 1906 san francisco earthquake conference



















 



























 

business professionals:
              risk managers, continuity planners,
              building owners, facility managers

earth scientists

emergency managers 

engineers

policy makers

students

teachers 



discuss best practices and new research results with
                more than 2,000 cutting edge professionals

exchange key information on the state of the art and practicein business, science, engineering and public policy

hear about successful risk management practices in
                the public and private sectors

collaborate with the foremost experts in earthquake
                engineering, geology, and seismology from around the world.

work with 200+ policymakers and elected officials from
                california and the nation to better protect our communities.



video highlights from plenery sessions:
click here to view. flash 8 player required.

100th anniversary earthquake conference press
                    conference:

managing risk in earthquake
                country:
                the top ten action
                agenda and a summary of charles kircher's recent findings. 
when the big one
                    strikes again: charles kircher's recent
                  findings on estimated losses due to a repeat of the 1906 san
                  francisco earthquake (pdf) 
tables for the charles kircher report. 
                  figure
                    1, figure 2.
                  (pdf)
---------------------------------------------------
view '06 the next great quake video
small video (400 kbs) 
large video (700 kbs)

the
            latest  flash player is required to view this video - download
            it here 


thank you to amit chourasia, lead developer of the san diego supercomputer center  for contributing
			his time and talents in creating 
the visualizations for the '06 the next great quake video.  
---------------------------------------------------

100+ technical sessions led by internationally renowned experts and scholars

tutorials developed just for teachers and the business community

25 exciting field trips that bring home the realities and science of earthquakes

sign up early - seating is limited

 a scenario that looks at how the san francisco bay area would fare if a 1906 earthquake hit us today

find cheap airfares to this conference
participating meetings are centennial meeting of the seismological society of america, 8ncee by eeri, disaster resistant california and the association of bay area governments' general assembly (abag)

the next 10 steps our communities must take to avoid a catastrophic disaster. 



 

managing risk in earthquake country




 






convened
      jointly by:



for addtional centennial related events:

 


an affiliation of earthquake scientists, engineers, and emergency managers. 







website solution discount web hosting


