


ncca home page














privacy policy  |  contact us  |  member login




ncca home page
about us
membership
eboard
history
newsletters
archived newsletters
event calendar
event photos
event videos
member car photos
store
sponsors
downloads
links



 welcome!



latest news!



upcoming events
vette-o-rama
							
							the diablo valley corvettes are once again hosting their annual car show in concord, ca at the todos santos plaza.  for more information visit their website at diablovalleycorvettes.com.
							
							half moon bay run
							
							this is an adventerous run to cameron's pub in half moon bay.  it's scheduled for july 8th at 8:00am.  further information to be posted here.  stay tuned!
							
							pacific grove auto rally
							
							this is tradtionally an all-day fun event.  check back for more details as the date draws closer.
							
								
				  		    kaleidoscope
						  	  the june kaleidoscope is online!
							
                      
welcome to the northern california corvette association (ncca) website. we've done our best to get you the information you need, make it interesting, and to provide an insight into what our club is all about. you can contact us via e-mail at info@nccacorvettes.org.
 through its various activities, ncca strives to add to the natural enjoyment of corvette ownership while providing social interaction with other corvette owners. the combined ncca executive board meeting and the general business meeting begin at 7:00 pm and are held on the first wednesday of every month. currently the meeting place is harry's hofbrau, 14900 e. 14th st., san leandro, ca 94578.


























vette speak
did you know...the 2023 corvette c8 z06 will have a 5.5l lt6 flat-plane crank, naturally-aspirated v8, coupled with a tremec 10-speed dual-clutch with the base model anticipated to start at a cool $90,000.00.  









										newsletter
									









41st a legend on display




								 results are in.  see the winners here!






sponsors 



  


 we	would	like to	thank	all	our	sponsors	for their support and encourage all corvette owners to support our sponsors by sending your business their way. go to sponsors page to see a list of our sponsors..






 good old days



also check out our "good old days" photo gallery. we have included a couple of dozen photos from 1956 to 1979.




club car photo gallery
these photos were taken in august 2013 at the beautiful blackhawk automotive museum in danville, california.











© 2023 northern california corvette association.  all rights reserved.



