



lauritzen gardens - omaha botanical center









































open daily 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.




























 









    |    calendar
    |    visit
    |    about
    |    learn
    |    rent
    |    give
    |    join
    |    conservation
    |    antiques show






















hours and admission





contact





    












search   



















what to know before you go









delayed opening today - monday, february 17due to the weather and for the safety of our guests and staff, the garden will open at 10 a.m. on monday, february 17. admission is free today. as always, we appreciate your understanding, and we look forward to seeing you in the garden soon.










free admission day on monday, february 17what could make a holiday even better? free admission to lauritzen gardens! explore our indoor exhibit and our outdoor gardens and discover all that your public garden has to offer. open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. no advance tickets are required.










plan your garden visit! lauritzen gardens is currently open daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. sean kenney’s nature connects®: made with lego® bricks will be on display from february 1 through may 18.










marjorie k. daugherty conservatory closurethe marjorie k. daugherty conservatory and the woodland trail will be closed from january 1 through early fall 2025 to complete the second phase of the conservatory's refresh. during this time 20+ outdoor gardens and the floral display hall will remain open for your enjoyment. 










frequently asked questionsa friendly guide to answer common questions about omaha's public garden. 









events and exhibits









what's in bloom? current highlights include: ornamental grasses, evergreens, barks, and seed pods. 












sean kenney’s nature connects®: made with lego® bricks build a great garden adventure during sean kenney’s nature connects®: made with lego® bricks. this exhibit celebrates the beauty of nature but also emphasizes the delicate connections that exist between all living things. marvel at 18 larger-than-life sculptures built from more than 275,000 lego® bricks, including a majestic monarch butterfly, a hovering hummingbird, a sly fox, and more! ignite your imagination, create brick-built works of your own, and leave with a deeper appreciation for the relationships and connections that sustain our ecosystems.












in the gallery: earthly impressions by megan lenherran impression can be a texture, a feeling, an imitation, or a profound effect. nature is, in essence, a collection of impressions by design and by experience. this series is a compilation of impressions found and felt by artist megan lenherr.












in the gallery: a celebration of trees by kathleen zuchniakenjoy a bold and playful scenario of a body of tree images, based on their common names. these colorful paintings by omaha native kathleen zuchniak are designed to be a lighthearted and enjoyable way of heightening one's awareness of a variety of trees. 












valentine's day dinnerthis event is sold out. join us for an intimate valentine's day dinner. online reservations are now open and can be completed by clicking the link above. for inquiries, contact us at  s.bucholz@omahabotanicalgardens.org or (402) 346-4002, ext. 201.









more events








educational programs









summer campssummer adventure camps at lauritzen gardens provide an exciting and educational environment for children to explore science, nature and art in a 100-acre classroom. all-inclusive camps are offered in week-long, full-day formats. extended care is available. 2025 camp registration is now open. 










programs for adultscourses at the garden cover a wide variety of topics. from floral design, to painting, to practicing wellness or learning about plants- there’s something for everyone!
register today!











field trips and group toursfind out about the opportunities available for your group, class, or scouting troop to explore our 100-acre outdoor learning laboratory. 










programs for children and familiesengaging and fun classes and workshops are available for children and families at the garden year-round. register for hands-on, educational programs, like family workshops and lil' sprouts,  that will connect you to the natural world.










birthday parties at the gardencelebrate your child’s birthday with a nature-themed party at lauritzen gardens.









more education










  calendar
  visit
  about
  learn
  rent
  give
  join
  conservation
  antiques show



site map




comodo ssl



