 




home -
































































about
gallery
suppliers
pricing
warranties
contact us
 

 






home 



 
thornbury showroom 
151 king st e hwy 26, thornbury
open monday-friday 10am-4pm, weekends by appointment
 
fabrication shop
221 industrial dr.,  mount forest
open by appointment only

 


 





 





 





 





 


 
1
2
3
4
5











welcome

whether it's remodelling or building a new home, we're here to help you every step of the way. city stone has been serving clients since 1998 in the kitchener, waterloo, mount forest, owen sound, thornbury and collingwood area.
we specialize in custom kitchens, bathrooms, and exterior stone projects. customers can have the flexibility to pick from our in-showroom stock or custom select slabs at one of our many stone suppliers. we've worked closely with our suppliers for over 15 years and have grown to understand both the manufacturing and installation side of stone craftsmanship. 
we offer an array of granite, quartz, marble, slate, soapstone and limestone in form of countertops and tile. ask us today how you can get started on your next stone project - whether it be big or small!





quartz

this extremely hard and durable stone is great for a kid-proof (or adult-proof) kitchen. it's wide range of colours makes this stone an easy-to-clean and low-maintenance countertop, flooring or backsplash. 





granite

granite is a beautiful unique type of stone - every slab is different. if you want to add a little more character to your countertops this durable and affordable stone is for you.





marble

a "classic" material makes this stone a popular choice. with unique designs in each slab, marble evokes a soft and warm appearance. 





porcelain

a new popular choice for your countertop surface, more durable and stain resistant than ever.




inquiries

with over 20 years experience in the stone industry, we have all the answers to your questions. we can help you at any stage during your project -  with design, planning, manufacturing or installation. feel free to ask about how you can get a free quote today. 

 










151 king street east
thornbury, on n0h 2p0
(519)599-7300
sales@citystone.com

 




			
			contact us		


 






					copyright © all rights reserved 2022				

            winsome by promenade themes 

















