


web and auction tools from isdn*tek












isdntek
desktop and online web and auction tools

		notice: site maintenance sept 15 - oct 1, 2019 may cause interruptions in online tool functionality.
		








	
					           
					ebay compliance tools  
				   scan your ebay listings 
 






suite of self-service scan tools.
an assortment of compliance tools will scan ebay listings and extract data for evaluation. 
includes tools for finding duplicates, evaluating photos, scanning descriptions, active content, mobile compliance, and more.


scan tools









	
					           
					css tools  
				   build ebay-compatible css components  
 






suite of self-service css tools.
tools to help sellers build photo displays, tabbed terms, menus, and promo layouts using only css.



css tools










	
					           
					desktop web tools  
				   for your ebay listings or web pages
 
					desktop programs run on windows pcs 



  	 






clicpic creates image galleries for your web page.
drop all your images onto the template and a single click resizes and compresses images, creates thumbnail images, and produces a click-to-enlarge picture gallery. extremely simple to use. 


clicpic 
		     

 		faq 
		       
		download 
		       
		buy








rainbow color picker makes it easy to find just the right html color.
 use rainbow, the rainbow color picker tool, to find the right color combination for your web page, and give you the correct code.
 


		rainbow







ragtag tag counter checks your html code before you post it.
ragtag will check your file for extra brackets or unmatched html tags. displays a formatted list of your code tags and results so that you can clean up problem code before you post it. 


		ragtag







tagbot template automater. 
tagbot makes it easier to find and edit the commonly changed data in an html template. 
the program comes with ready-to-use templates, or designers can add special codes to their templates to display relevent data in edit fields. 
the remainder of the code is hidden and only the important information is displayed for changing. 
recommended by template designers.



		tagbot
		     
 		more templates







website photo viewer. 
having trouble locating photos on your own server?  
install this program on your server and access your photos through your browser. 
displays directories, photos, sizes, and image codes for your listings.   
 
requires: php. easy installation.  
need help? more info? just ask. 



		website photo viewer
		     
 		set up a cheap website 
		     
 		free ftp tool







personal image hosting (coming soon). 
if you have a standard website (or want us to set up one), 
this tool will convert a separate area into your own 
personal image host. visual interface is similar to photobucket. 
generates image codes for your listings. 
requires: linux, php, ftp, one-time setup fee. 
need help? more info? just ask. 



		personal image host
		     
 		set up a cheap website 
		     
 		free ftp tool











	
			          
					           
					online web tools  
				   for your ebay listings or web pages


			these tools produce code that has been tested on 
			internet explorer 6-9, firefox 2-13, netscape 7, opera 7-9, safari 5
			many of these tools create scripts that are no longer allowed on ebay.
			



editors
edit images 
html images
promos
elements
buttons & links
art
protection



 template editors & generators 





online wysiwyg editor. 

     don't have access to ebay's fancy listing editor? 
	this online wysiwyg (what you see is what you get) editor looks a lot like ebay's editor or a standard "word" editor. 
	use it to make pretty listings from scratch or to add pictures and  
	change text in your premade templates. the editor will generate the html code for you.



		editor







zippy practice. 

practice away at your html. use the starter codes and html buttons to jumpstart your template code. 
handy find/replace function and color palette for modifying templates. 
built in code scanner can help locate some code problems, including codes banned by ebay. 
preview and save your code to a file on your own computer. 



		zippy practice







online tagbot template automater. 

tagbot makes it easier to find and edit the commonly changed data in an html template, 
and this online version is great for mac users who can't use the desktop version. 
includes access to premade templates or can accept custom templates. 
popular among template designers.
designers, ask us about installing a similar custom tool on your own server.



		web tagbot








use editing fields like this to change the item description or photo in your page.


zippyslots form filler. 
 
turn your template into a form filler by tagging your code with zippyslots. 
the tool will create   
right there in your template, making it a snap to update template content. 
save and use the created zippyslots template on your own desktop, online or offline. 
perfect for both template designers and auction sellers. 



		zippyslots







organizer template maker. 
 organize your listing in any color with this flexible template builder. up to eight different types of sections provide one, two, or three columns for description and terms. photo gallery, specification table, and grid of details are also available. 


		organizer template maker







online template maker. 
 this online border making tool is similar to the very popular prettyborders tool, where you can add colored borders of any size with any background pattern. 
in addition, this tool has form-filler slots for adding text and images to create a complete auction template.



		pretty borders plus







photobucket deluxe. 
 are you using photobucket as your ebay image host? easily drop photos into this template maker and generate a beautiful click gallery with your choice of colors. 
includes link buttons. add text and modify titles right on the form without editing html.



		photobucket deluxe




 online image editing 






watermarker. 

rotate, resize, crop, and watermark your photos with your seller name or logo image and add a border treatment. 
the tool also supports some image fixing, including brightness, contrast, and gamma, and maintains a history for undoing all the way back to the original.



		watermarker







batch watermarker. 

rotate, resize, crop, and watermark your photos with your seller name or logo image, all in one batch. 
work on 12 photos at once (enough for one ebay listing) and save them all to a zip file at the size you specify. 



		batch watermarker







photo stitcher. 
use this versatile grid layout to merge up to 9 photos into a single composite image for a better presentation in ebay's gallery. 
many adjustable formats available. includes colored borders and translucent watermark that can be placed anywhere on the composite.




		photo stitcher







photo stitch lite. 
have tall skinny items to display? combine 2 or 3 views into one square image for a better presentation in ebay's gallery. simple to use. 



		photo stitch lite







photo glow. 
pizzaz your photos. make composites that highlight closeups or that inset overall views. 
crop and apply an optional feathered border to the base image and float up to 3 additional smaller photos with or without shadows. 



		photo glow







photo expander. 
enlarge a smaller photo to meet ebay's 500 pixel minimum requirement. 
choose color-matched padding around the image or stretch the image larger. 



		photo expander




 html image manipulation 


























online photo gallery maker. 
 this online gallery tool will create the html code for thumbnail galleries, click galleries, 
 scroll galleries, and eventually cross-sell galleries and thumbnail arrays.
 the screen is dynamic, and selected gallery configurations and border colors immediately display.
photos must be properly sized and online prior to using.



		gallery







online popup image viewer code. 
 	click your thumbnails to open larger photos 
	in a popup window within your auction page. 
	the captioned window may be dragged around, and the 
	photo can be zoomed larger or smaller for comfortable viewing.



		popup viewer









online html shadow creator. 

 	create drop-shadows for your self-hosted images or other 
	square page elements using html. 
	no need to photoshop your images. the color tool blends 
	your shadows into your page color. totally cool!



		the shadow













online image magnifier. 

 	give your customers the ability to zoom in and see detail 
	in your photos. perfect for showing hallmarks, inscriptions, 
	coins, and highly detailed items.




		zip*zoom magnifier







carousel spinner. 

display a 360° view of your item that spins when moused over. 
shoot eight sides of your item and host the photos online. 
this tool will create the code to rotate through your photos. 



		carousel spinner







slideshows. 

need a small animation script to display a dynamic group of photos? 
try these 12 simple javascript codes to automatically fade … slide … flip … shrink … scroll … and more …  



		slideshows








image extractor. 

makes image codes. dual purpose tool can:
help you find the right url to use on a website, auction, ebay blog, or ebay chat board when your image host presents you with too many options.
pull all your images out of a webpage to make it easier to find or replace an image.



		image extractor




 promotional displays 






subscription promo gallery. 

the subscription version of xsellx will automatically update your promo gallery items every night. 
set up your search parameters on the tool and let it run. or set up different search parameters for different product lines.
choose from a selection of static, scrolling, or marquee gallery configurations and define your own colors and dimensions. 
designer customizable as shown here.



		xsellx promo gallery







online cross-sell gallery maker. 


xsellx


  create a scrolling cross-sell gallery for your auctions or web page. enter your auction numbers to automatically create a gallery, or use your own thumbnails and links for your store categories. photos must be properly sized and online prior to using.



		x*sell gallery




great itemsin my auction$4.99



ebay quick sell grid for blogs. 

the perfect cross-sell tool for your ebay blog. 
display your most recent auctions in a tidy grid within your blog. 
use the free static grid on the xsellx tool.



		ebay quick sell grid







item:  bambitype:  china
item:  duckstype:  ceramic



gridarray. 

convert spreadsheet data and images into a tidy array of boxes. makes a great display of your product lineup. 



		gridarray




major page elements










pretty borders



online border maker. 
 this online border making tool will create the html code for nested tables commonly used to create attractive borders.
 the screen is dynamic, and selected colors and border-widths immediately display.



		pretty borders










rates
a
b
c



color
red
green
blue



weight
1
2
3


 



 online grid maker for charts and tables. 
 this online tool will generate the html/css code for a multi-celled table. such tables are commonly used in size/color charts, shipping rate charts, or in terms and conditions.
the screen is dynamic and selected colors, fonts, borders, and sizes will immediately update on-screen. 



		grids








index card tabbed content. 
organize your web page. automatically make tabbed content arranged in index card format. select any color and an optional tab shape.  



		tab top




 menus, buttons, & links 









ebay search box. 


in titles and descriptions

create a search box of your listings or store items. 
	make a simple search box or use the tool to define complex 
	search phrases that are hidden from the user.



		search box








designer menu maker. 
quickly create complex dropdown or flyout multi-level menus. 
paste your spreadsheet data or use the input boxes to add links and captions for your menu.



		menu maker






click

these

text

buttons!



online button menu generator. 
create clickable buttons with rollover colors using plain text labels. 
easily modify appearance and alignment. 
add your own background tiles and the program will add a 3d effect to the button. 
special coding prevents ebay keyword spamming. 



text

button

menus



		button menus





quicky buttons
quicky buttons
quicky buttons



ebay quicky buttons. 

quickly make attractive imageless buttons to any of your ebay pages without knowing any of those tricky ebay codes.  
the quicky button maker will let you choose various button styles and types of linking code. 
suitable for most ebay pages and all websites. 
or you can add your own page urls for customized buttons linking anywhere. 



		ebay quicky buttons









image map or use map for navigation bars and menus. 


add clickable areas to an image to create menus and navigation bars. simple tool creates a clickable map from your existing online image. there are three clickable areas on this image.








		image mapper





click here



quick linker. 

can't remember how to make a link? the quick linker will let you choose from various styles of links (text or graphics). 
just add your destination and your text or online image and the code will be created. includes easy instructions for beginners. 
also an excellent reference page for link styles.



		quick linker










online non-spamming link codes. 
use javascript to create plain text links and dropdown lists that are not searchable. prevents keyword spamming (kws) in ebay auctions.



		no-spam links




 artistic 







online color blender and color code generator. 
displays internet color names and hex values and has a rainbow color palette for finding hex color codes or rbg values. color blender finds all the shades between colors.




		internet colors










artroom. 

create a virtual room to hang your art and paintings in an ebay auction. 
rearrange a room full of elements and change the wall colors. 
your artwork will be scaled to fit the room.



		artroom








conchos corners. 

conchoscorners makes rounded corner images at any color or size to match your template. 
make the corners with this online tool and then host them on your own website or image host.



		conchos corners











htmldraw lite. 

make imageless template corners and tiny icons using only html codes.



		htmldraw lite




protection







  style%3d%22width%3a%20
  100%25%3b%22%3e%0a
  %20%20%3ctr%3e%0a%20
  %20%3ctd%3e%0a%0a%3c

online html encryptor. 
use escape-code encryption to protect auction templates from casual theft or to prevent codes from being rewritten by code editors such as frontpage, turbolister, and ebay's input forms. 



		encryptor








copy-not. 

this script from concho software will add no-right-click protection 
to your specified images without interfering with standard right-click navigation. hides the internet explorer 
popup image bar and prevents dragging images to the desktop or address bar.



		copy-not








transgif. 

cover your hosted images with a transparent coverup that helps thwart image theft — 
without obstructing the image itself or imparing navigation.
the tool will construct the very simple code for an image.



		transgif









isdn*tek  •  po box 3000  •  san gregorio ca 94074  • 
	tel: 650-712-3000  
	web: www.isdntek.com  • 

	
	email: send email to us

copyright isdn*tek 2002-2019 







