



torreys.org























































torreys.org 







torreys.org homepage








welcome to my home on the web

an useful instrument
i find the www a very useful instrument for both my professional duties and private interests of leisure time. hence, on this site, you will find some information about my profession as a biblical scholar, and several links to various pages containing stuff related to my interests and hobbies. you are the one to decide which pages to view.
proceed here to go to my resource pages for biblical studies
proceed here to go to my blog: philonica et neotestamentica.
proceed here to go to my cv
fields of scholarly interest
philo of alexandria; as a biblical scholar, my fields of interest are the life, ideology, literature and social world of the jews and the early christians in the first century c.e. diaspora settings. more narrowly defined, i am especially focusing on the life and role of diaspora judaism as demonstrated in and by the works of life and thought of the early christians as witnessed by the first letter of peter; and then as witnessed in and by the works of paul, the apostle. most of my recent publications deal with first peter and/or the works of philo.
 on my cv page, you will find a list of my publications, and some further info about my professional career.
hobbies?
as to my hobbies, i probably have too many. i like to work on my genealogical database, using the program legacy family tree to arrange the information. and since i retired, i have taken up working on my stamp collections: at the present i am especially focusing on austrian stamps, and as a theme i focus on the christmas carol stille nacht (silent night), and putting (golf). but i also collect norwegian and israeli stamps, and themes as biblical motives, theologians and bible translations. if you are philatelic interested in the same areas, you can reach me via colnect.com.
 – another hobby of mine is golfing! here is the link to where it all started: volda golf club, and here is to the course close to where i reside: utsikten golfpark, kvinesdal. 
 – speaking about vacation, here is the wonderful location where i spend much of my vacations: eplehaien vacation.

as a scholar, i also enjoy being a member of several scholarly societies, especially the society of biblical literature (sbl), studiorum novi testamenti societas (snts), and the royal norwegian society of sciences and letters, trondheim, the oldest scientific society in norway.
resource pages
finally, i would like to direct your attention to my resource pages for biblical studies, containing several pages, some articles, and hundreds of links related to texts and items for understanding the social world and literature of the early christians. you might also want to visit my blog on philo and the new testament, called philonica et neotestamentica.
 though these pages are primarily intended as a resource for serious, scholarly studies of the early christian writings and their social world, they might, hopefully, also be helpful to persons not having a scholarly background.











resource pages for biblical studies the resource pages for biblical studies are intended as a resource for serious, scholarly studies of the early christian writings and their social world.





contact info the resource pages for biblical studies are compiled and owned by torrey seland, professor emeritus and former dean of studies,  school of mission and theology, stavanger. norway. he is now living in drammen, close to oslo.





philonica et neotestamentica a blog focusing on studies of philo of alexandria, and their relevance for new testament studies. in addition attention is also paid to nt issues in general, and technology issues related to biblical studies.





 my last blog entriesphilo’s library and the libraries of philosophical schools.platonic asceticism in philoπολίτευμα






	torreys.org © 2012	
















