



























california conservation corps -california conservation corps


















































×


saving your location allows us to provide you with more relevant information.

set location





×

default
high contrast


reset
increase font sizefont 
decrease font sizefont 










 
 
share:
share via facebook
share via twitter






translate: 
select languageالعربية简体中文englishfilipinoहिन्दी日本語한국어русскийespañoltiếng việt





 settings 


search












menu



search





california conservation corps







search this site: 



search

×




  who we areabout the cccdirector’s messageexecutive teamhistoryposition & policy what we dotargeted conservation programsemergency responsefunding your projectsnatural resource conservation life in the corpseducational opportunitiestraining and career pathwaysuniforms, tools and equipment how to joinapply onlinebasic qualificationsfrequently asked questionssteps to joining the ccc contactstaff job opportunities










skip to main content









transform your life

making california an even better place for all!join now! see our locations
 

 
 
 
 
 













a year in the ccc will help you find your future, by finishing your diploma, earning scholarships, and experiencing new career paths!

 
 











get paid while you learn skills that can lead to a meaningful career like firefighting, energy, forestry, and more!

 
 











yes, the work is hard. and, it will put you on the path to move into a career that will make a positive impact on your environment and your life!

 
 
 
 



 
 
 












 


life in the corps
the california conservation corps offers a unique and challenging, paid experience for young adults from across the state. a year in the ccc transforms their lives through developing new job skills, expanding personal growth, and conserving california’s natural resources. corpsmembers’ hard work and long hours on environmentally focused projects and emergency response help make california an even better place for all.
more about life in the corps

 
 
 
 



 
 
 




news and updates

 at ocean’s edge, corpsmembers work to protect pacific from burn scar toxinscorpsmembers installed more than 6,000 linear feet of silt fencing to protect toxins from directly entering pacific ocean in malibu. tahoe fire crews build line, protect homes on eaton firetahoe centers fire crews helped protect people and property while on the eaton fire. ccc mobilizes as part of watershed protection task forcein one of the ccc's largest deployments, more than 350 corpsmembers from across california are stepping in to help los angeles county recover from wildfires. ccc fire crews help protect topanga community during palisades firemultiple ccc fire strike teams worked in and around topanga canyon during the height and aftermath of the palisades fire. corpsmembers heed call to help los angeles county amid firesmore than 400 corpsmembers are helping support fire response across california during los angeles county wildfires. 

 
visit ccc newsroom

 
 
 
 



 
 
 






 
 





 
 
 



 
 
 






 


learn how ccc corpsmembers can earn up to $8,000 in americorps scholarships

 
 
 





 


the california conservation corps is certified by the corps network

 
 
 
 






 
 
 




get the latest covid-19 updates
california is monitoring the latest on covid-19. your actions save lives, see the most recent updates at covid.19.ca.gov.

 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 








facebookyoutubeinstagram locationsnews & updatesalumnistaff jobsccc foundation 


 

ccc privacy policy statementconditions of useaccessibilitylanguage access information


 copyright ©
										 state of california  







