








hooey batiks | fun, funky and whimsical hand-batiked clothing and home stuffs…















































 




















hooey batiks
fun, funky and whimsical hand-batiked clothing and home stuffs…



menu
skip to content
home
insta-hooey
about
shop for hooey!
mailing list
contact
links
 

search for:



 








welcome to hooey batiks!




the hooey batiks mailing list…
if you would like to get an occasional e-mail telling you about any fabulous new stuff i’ve been working on and/or when i’ll be in your area, sign up for my mailing list — i’ll be sure to keep you posted. also, in case you can’t make it to one of my art shows this year, i usually have my batiks for sale on etsy, some custom printed hooey design fabric at spoonflower, and you can get a few of my images printed on fun stuff like cards, iphone cases and mugs at society6. if you’re a facebook type of person head on over to my hooey batiks facebook page where i spend way too much time posting pics of new designs (and cats)!!
quicklinkstiktok – @hooey.batiksetsy – hooeybatiksfacebook – hooey.batiks.artinstagram – @hooeybatiks
need some hooey? you’ve got options!well, it looks like art shows are starting up this again year. i’ll start posting the shows i’m going to soon. in the meantime, here are some other ways to get your hooey… 
1) get your hooey through etsyi am adding new items to etsy every day. someday i need to get it together and add a shopping cart feature to my website. i’m looking into it, but for now i will add to my etsy shop.  check the hooey batiks etsy shop regularly and make sure you’re on my mailing to keep in the loop! use coupon code local for free porch pick up.
 2) buy a gift certificatesi’ve added a paypal button to buy gift certificates for $20, $30 and $40 to be redeemed at a future show or online/email orders. gift certificates will be sent via email to the purchaser and will include an attached image for printing — that way you can send one to a friend!




buy a hooey batiks gift certificate…
$20 gift certificate
$30 gift certificate
$40 gift certificate
 





3) order directly from me — using just your email!how do online orders work? email hooeybatiks@gmail.com and ask what i have in a certain design, style or size. i will get back to you with pics if i have anything available. if i don’t have what you want, we can discuss!  unsure of sizing? take a shirt from your closet, drawer, floor… one that you like the way it fits. lay it flat and measure across, under the arms, and lengthwise on the back from collar to hem. i can use your numbers to compare to my shirts. (women’s sizing is so wonky: i can wear small to 2xl depending on the style and brand!)
4)  porch shopping i will occasionally be open for porch shopping and/or mini-backyard tent shows!  for porch shopping, you can message me about any items you’re interested in (design, style, color, size… specific or general) and we’ll figure out a time that works. i can setup a rack with anything you might be interested in. watch this space (and all the various social medias) for any announcements for the occasional mini-backyard tent shows.


hooey on the road: art shows 2023!here’s where you’ll find me this year. i will be adding more shows as i get accepted to them…
central illinois art gathering(by fulton county arts)big creek park, canton, iloctober 21 (saturday 10-6)(facebook)
sugar creek arts festivaluptown normal, ilseptember 30 (saturday 9-5)october 1 (sunday 10-4)i’ll be on beaufort, near the coffeehouse(website)
edwards place fine art fairspringfield, ilseptember 16-17 (saturday 10-5, sunday 10-4)(website)
art in the garden1740 grove st, glenview, ilseptember 9-10 (saturday and sunday 10-5)(website)
williamsville makers market(at the interurban merchant)112 w main street, williamsville, ilaug 27 (sunday 9-2)(facebook)
iowa arts festivaldowntown, iowa city, iowajune 2, 3 and 4 (friday 5-8, saturday 10-7, sunday  10-4)booth 21 (corner of washington & clinton)(iowa city summer of the arts page on facebook)
little art at dim art house319 chatham road, springfield, iljune 10 (saturday 10-3)(dim art house page on facebook)
art avenue marketwestern avenue community center, bloomington, iljuly 15 (saturday 10-4) 

hooey on the road: art shows 2022here are all the place i went last year (and might again this year)…
peoria heights fine art fairprospect road tower park, peoria heights, illinoismay 14 (saturday 9:00 – 5:00)(website, facebook)
iowa arts festivaldowntown, iowa city, iowajune 3, 4 and 5 (friday 5-8, saturday 10-7, sunday  10-4)booth 85 (close to the ped mall)(iowa city summer of the arts page on facebook)
little art on the prairie… chapter 2kristin’s pumpkin patch, springfield, illinoisjune 18 (saturday 10-4)(facebook)
vrooman handmade701 e taylor st, bloomington, illinoisjuly 16 – 17 (saturday and sunday 11-5)(facebook)
crystal lake park art fairanita purvis nature center (in crystal lake park), urbana, illinoisaugust 6 (saturday 10-4)(website)
shirley’s backyard art-stravagaaaaanzah! (working title)610 s seigel st, decatur, ilaugust 20 (saturday 10-4)w/shirley kramer, hooey batiks, lindsey the ladysmith, piper pottery and a few more!
art in the garden: a grass roots art fair1740 grove st, glenview, illinoisseptember 10 – 11 (saturday and sunday 10-5)(website)
edwards place fine art fair700 n fourth st, springfield, ilseptember 17 – 18 (saturday 10-5, sunday 10-4)
sugar creek arts festivaldowntown normal, illinoisoctober 8 – 9 (saturday and sunday 9-4)(website)
art in the yard – spooky edition4751 e hayden drive, decatur, iloctober 30 (sunday 10-4)wonderfully talented artists, a fire for roasting mallows, costume contest and more!featured artists, makers, & microbusinesses: hooey batiks, piper pottery, shirley kramer art, naturally abbey normal, potions & popcorn, magickal candles & goodies, gaye grant fiber artist, kim caisse art, samantha cotner art, the pipe dream salon, scrafts, and lindsey the ladysmith(facebook)
craft league of c-u annual art fairsavoy rec center, savoy, ilnovember 12 – 13 (saturday 10-5, sunday 10-4)(website, facebook)
shuckin’ awesome holiday art marketfunk farms premium beef (funk farms trust)5959 n 1100 east rd, shirley, il(~15 minute drive from bloomington-normal, ~1hr from springfield or champaign)november 19-20 (saturday and sunday 10-4)the artists of the corn are returning to funk farms premium beef for another fun and eclectic art market! this free event will have about 30 local and regional artists/makers with a wide variety of handmade goods.(facebook)
the chicago art girls holiday pop-up shopbell elementary, 3730 n oakley ave, chicago, il 60618december 10-11 (saturday and sunday 11-5)it is the perfect place to meet friends and shop for handmade holiday gifts. our curated show features the work of over 40 women artists, so you’re sure to find something for everyone on your list, including yourself!• free parking right outside in the school lot• free admission• over 40 women artists in one room(facebook)
mistletoe marketdecember 18champaign, il hours, location, etc coming soon!
(click here for previous year’s hooey show schedules)











follow me on:
shop for hooey on etsy:

 

… or spoonflower:

 

… or society6:

 
 






contact if you have any questions or comments, please e-mail me.
other pages…faq
who is hooey?
what is batik?
special orders
bayfield, a mighty wind!
join hooey’s mailing list
 


								copyright © 2025 hooey batiks












