






vandex uk | waterproofing technology





















 











our product brands

      













select your language…
english (uk)
česky
deutsches (deutschland)
deutsch (schweiz)
español
français
nederlands
polski
slovenský
svenska










flowcrete

toggle navigation









about vandex


company


history


our services


quality and environment




products


products by application area


product groups


product solutions




downloads


brochures and flyers


technical downloads


videos


water analysis


faqs




news


contact


contact form


technical consultation


worldwide locations















civil engineering


vandex offers a wide range of products suitable for civil engineering environments.


read more...













technical downloads
view all of our technical documentation and download in pdf format…







explore our products
choose from a wide range of vandex products suitable for your construction needs…






contact us
contact the vandex team for best in class advice…








recent projects










our product groups





jointing products




vandex supply a range of jointing products that provide waterproofing solutions for structures that require joint and crack protection…
find out more...






repair and protection




selecting material for repair and protection can often be a difficult and time consuming task. with the large range of repair products available in the market, you want to be sure that you are getting the best value for your money…
find out more...






speciality products




on the whole, vandex products are easy to apply, and this ease of application continues with our speciality products…
find out more...






waterproofing products




making an object or a structure waterproof or water-resistant can be a challenging task. however, vandex offer the best product solutions in order to ensure that a structure or an object remains unaffected by water or water ingress…
find out more...






welcome to vandex
vandex is the worldwide registered trademark for a range of professional construction chemical products for waterproofing, protection and repair of concrete and for building protection.
vandex is also the name of an organisation which through innovation, know-how, experience and strong motivation supports its products with appropriate services in the fields of research & development, testing, engineering, training, consulting and marketing thus adding significant value to the basic qualities and benefits of the vandex products.
the vandex organisation serves the construction industry worldwide through a network of subsidiaries, distributors and applicators.







this website uses cookies and other tracking technologies (also known as pixels or beacons) to aid your experience (such as viewing videos), as well as “performance cookies” to analyze your use of this website and to assist with marketing efforts. if you click the "accept all cookies" button or continue navigating the website, you agree to having those first and third-party cookies set on your device. if you do not wish to accept cookies from this website, you can choose to not allow cookies from this website by updating your browser preferences. for more information on how we use cookies, please read our privacy policy.

accept all cookies





stay connected













products by application area

civil engineering
concrete repair
potable water
old building refurbishment
waste water



product groups

jointing products
repair and protection
speciality
waterproofing
drinking water



product solutions

product solutions










© tremco cpg europe 2025



privacy policy
impressum
modern slavery statement
terms and conditions of sale
site map



































