







wild skunk information









dragoo institute for the betterment of skunksand skunk reputations



home
carnivore classification
mephitidae
species accounts
rabies
"problem animals"
pet skunks
publications









general descriptions
distribution
evolutionary history
economic value
natural history
taxonomy

“the skunk” is one of the most recognized mammals in north america and due to its unusual use of extremely well developed 
    scent glands as a primary defense mechanism; it also is one of the most maligned. however, “the skunk” refers to more than the 
    well-known striped skunk. the skunk family mephitidae is composed of 11 species in four genera, which occur primarily 
    in the western hemisphere. skunks make up a diverse group of carnivores living in a variety of habitats, have 
    different ecological requirements, and a wide variety of behavioral and reproductive idiosyncrasies.
[top]
general descriptions
the basic color of skunks is black and white. other colors, such as brown and red, have been observed both in the wild and as 
     a result of domestic breeding. the typical pattern seen in striped skunks is the white "v" down the back and a white 
     bar between the eyes running from the forehead to the middle of the rostrum. color pattern in wild skunks is highly variable and 
     can range from completely black to completely white (non-albino). the striping pattern cannot be used to determine the sex of 
     the animal, nor can it be used to predict how much snow will fall. skunks are born with their stripes before they have hair. hooded 
     skunks have 3 typical color patterns, but again there is considerable variation. these skunks have two thin stripes running down 
     the side of the body from the shoulder to the stomach or a single stripe running down the back from the forehead to the tail. this 
     single white stripe is interspersed with black hair giving a gray appearance. the third color pattern is a combination of both. 
     these skunks also have a white bar between the eyes. spotted skunks are not truly spotted, but have a series of stripes, which are 
     interrupted, running down the back and sides of the animal. hog-nosed skunks in the united states and northern mexico have a single 
     solid (no black hairs) white stripe down the back, which starts at the top of the head and can range from a thin stripe that stops 
     just past the shoulder blades to an extremely wide stripe continuing to the tail and covering the entire back and most of the side 
     of the animal. the hog-nosed skunks of central and south america have a double stripe in the "v" pattern seen in north 
     american striped skunks. these skunks do not have any markings between the eyes. stink badgers bear a slight resemblance to north 
     american hog-nosed skunks. the white stripes down the back can be divided, single and narrow, or absent.
striped, hooded, and hog-nosed skunks are approximately the same size, approaching the size of a small house cat. hog-nosed skunks 
    tend to be the largest and hooded skunk the smallest of this group, but there is a lot of overlap in size. spotted skunks are the smallest 
    of the skunks and range from a handful to about the size of a squirrel. stink badgers are about as long as spotted skunks but as wide as 
    striped skunks. they are intermediate in size to the striped and spotted skunks and have a much shorter tail than the american skunks.
[top]
distribution
today, skunks can be found from canada to south america and with the recent inclusion of stink badgers in the family they also can be 
  found on palawan and calamian islands as well as java, borneo, sumatra and neighboring islands. striped skunks are found from the southwestern
  northwest territories to hudson bay and southern quebec (canada), south to florida (usa), northern tamaulipas, durango, and northern baja 
  california (mexico). hooded skunks occur from southern arizona, new mexico, and southwestern texas (usa), through mexico to costa rica. spotted 
  skunks are found from southwestern canada east to minnesota and south central pennsylvania (usa), south to costa rica. the pygmy spotted skunk 
  only occur form sinaloa to oaxaca (mexico). the striped hog-nosed skunks are found throughout south america from the straits of magellan all 
  the way north to veracruz, tabasco, and yucatan (mexico). the white-backed hog-nosed skunks occur from arizona to the gulf coast of texas south 
  to veracruz and southwest to nicaragua. 
[top]
evolutionary history
the distribution of the mephitidae can be explained by examining the fossil record. while skunks do not occur in europe today, they did occur 
  there in the past. the oldest recognized fossil identified as a skunk occurred in germany about 11-12 million years ago. genetic data, however, 
  place the origin of the family back to about 30-40 million years ago. skunks evolved from some of the earliest ancestors of the modern carnivores 
  and are members of a group of carnivores called the mustelida, and includes the musteloidea (mustelidae and procyonidae), ailuridae (red panda), 
  and the mephitidae. 
[top]
economic value
at one time skunk pelts (especially striped) were valuable in the fur industry, but they are less valuable today. then and now, however, skunks 
  are more valuable alive. most members of the skunk family prey primarily on insects, especially insects harmful to the agricultural economy. the earliest 
  legislation for the protection of skunks grew out of appeals from hop growers in new york and was passed in 1893.
skunks are especially useful in destroying the rats and mice that commonly infest farm buildings. spotted skunks are remarkably efficient as destroyers 
  of rats and mice because they are quick and can follow rats and mice into smaller crannies than other skunks can enter.
striped skunks have been tamed and kept as pets. however, skunks do not make good pets. good pet owners make good pets. 
unfortunately, skunks are known to carry diseases as well. they are susceptible to rabies and there are at least four rabies variants that are endemic to 
  skunk populations. they also can contract and transmit other strains (raccoon, bat, fox, etc.). like all mammals they have to be exposed to the virus before they 
  can transmit it. once the symptoms appear they will die.
[top]
natural history
skunks emit a noxious odor from anal scent glands as their primary means of defense. all carnivores have anal scent glands, but they are extremely well 
   developed in skunks. the glands are located at the base of the tail just inside the rectum. the chemical compositions involved in odor are different among skunk 
   species, but contain various thiols (sulfur compounds) and thioacetates.
each gland has a papillae associated with it and skunks can aim and direct the spray with highly coordinated muscle control. when a skunk is being chased by a 
  predator, but cannot see the predator, the spray is emitted as an atomized cloud that the predator must run through. this is usually enough to deter most predators. 
  when the skunk has a target to focus on the spray is emitted as a stream directed at the predator’s face. 
before a skunk will spray it will go through a series of threat behaviors. striped and hooded each will stomp with both front feet. sometimes they will charge 
  forward a few paces and then stomp or will edge backwards while dragging their front feet. hog-nosed skunks use a similar tactic, except they will stand up on their
  hind feet and slam their front feet to the ground while letting out a loud hissing noise. the acrobats, spotted skunks, perform a front handstand and approach a 
  potential predator, appearing much larger than they really are. stink badgers will snarl, show teeth, and stamp their forefeet. they also have been observed to 
  feign death (with the anal area directed at the observer).
skunks are capable diggers. hog-nosed skunks are quite adept at it and have powerfully built upper bodies. this powerful upper body strength allows them to climb 
  up rough terrain. spotted skunks are the most agile. they can climb both up and down trees almost squirrel-like. striped skunks can climb, but as they get older they 
  tend to become bottom heavy and lack the agility of spotted skunks.
striped skunks are omnivorous. they feast on bugs, small mammals and birds, eggs of both birds and reptiles, as well as a variety of vegetable matter. spotted 
  skunks are the more carnivorous of the skunks and feed on rodent pests. they too will eat bugs and vegetable matter given the opportunity. hog-nosed skunks and stink
  badgers are built to root for bugs and grubs in the soil. they have elongated noses (hog-nosed skunks have a long naked nose patch) for this task. like the other skunks, 
  they too rely on a variety of foods.
great horned owls, eagles, crows, vultures, coyotes, foxes, dogs, bobcats, mountain lions, american badgers, and humans are a few of the vertebrates that have been
  reported to eat skunks, but a major cause of mortality for skunks is automobiles. stink badgers are preyed upon by civets (family viverridae), cats, and people. skunks 
  also will succumb to parasites and diseases.
skunks usually have from 2 to 12 offspring (striped skunks are the more prolific). kits are born around the end of april through early june, possibly earlier for stink 
  badgers. breeding usually occurs in february and march. striped skunks may have a short period of delayed implantation if they breed early. western spotted skunks breed 
  in september and have a longer period of delayed implantation (about 150 days). eastern spotted skunks breed the same time of year as other skunks. both species produce 
  litters at the same time.
skunks usually remain solitary except during breeding season, though in colder climates groups of females may den together. after mating, the male is driven off and 
  females raise their young independently. striped skunks are common throughout their range, but population estimates of other species are not well known. however, eastern 
  spotted skunks may be on the decline throughout its range and the patagonian skunk is listed as appendix ii by cites.
[top]
taxonomy
historically, skunks have been classified as a subfamily in the weasel family, the mustelidae. recent genetic data have allowed them to be reclassified into their 
   own family. additionally, stink badgers have been included in the badger subfamily of the weasel family. morphometric and genetic data have been used to demonstrate that 
   they should be classified with the skunks. the family mephitidae is derived from the genus mephitis, which is latin for "bad odor". within the family 
   there has been some debate as to the number of genera and species. the two species of stink badgers were thought to be distinct genera, but here are referred to as a 
   single genus. the eastern and western spotted skunks have been classified as a single species, but genetic and reproductive data warrant recognition of two species. 
   chromosomal data suggest that at least one more species is found in central america. the western and gulf coast hog-nosed skunks are here recognized as a single species, 
   based on genetic and morphological data.
the four genera in the mephitidae are: mephitis, including the striped skunk, mephitis mephitis, and the hooded skunk m. macroura; 
   spilogale consisting of at least 4 species, s. angustifrons, the southern spotted skunk, s. putorius, the eastern spotted skunk, 
   s. gracilis, the western spotted skunk, and s. pygmaea, the pygmy spotted skunk; conepatus, containing c. leuconotus, the
    white-backed hog-nosed skunk, c. semistriatus, the striped hog-nosed skunk, and c. chinga, the south american (or molina's) hog-nosed skunk;  and finally, the only non-american genus, mydaus, the stink badgers, m. javanensis, the sunda stink badger, 
    and m. marchei, the philippine stink badger.
[top]










