










welcome to oliner fibre - oliner fibre








































 














 
 call us now 0100 843 1112
 darna@company.com

 

 





 












 


shop


 

 





 


800 654 6373


 





homeabout 
our historyindustries we serveiso certificationstandard terms of saleproducts 
vulcanex ® vulcanized fibrephenolex® industrial laminated plastic sheetsfibrex™ fibreboardsealguard® rf heat sealing bufferscontact 


 




 








enter your keyword


search

















 print









let our strengths become yours
about our company

 



engineered with your needs in mind
about our company

 



wide and narrow precision slitting
about our company

 



large inventory. quick shipment.
about our company

 



precision sawing capabilities
about our company

 





 
our core product line
designed to exceed industry standards




do not delete






vulcanex®
vulcanized
fibre

vulcanex vulcanized fibre has superior flatness, punching and forming capabilities, and better dimensional stability than other types of vulcanized fibre.
find out more >







sealguard®
heat sealing
buffers

we are the only company in the u.s. that specializes in buffers and accessories for radio frequency heat sealing of vinyl and other sealable plastics.
find out more >







phenolex®
laminated
plastics

rigid plastic sheets reinforced with paper, cotton cloth or glass cloth that can be used for shims, washers, gaskets, shuttles, and more.
find out more >







fibrextm
fibreboard

a family of high quality, less expensive paperboards and fibreboards which span a variety of uses.
find out more >






do not delete








 
who we are
 vulcanized fibre experts and more – for over 100 years



oliner fibre was started by leo oliner as a fibreboard mill in 1910. in 1939, oliner fibre expanded into other products, first into vulcanized fibre, then into our other product lines. we are now a national and international company, selling our products to many countries around the world.  located in union, new jersey, we have a state of the art facility that enables us to serve our customers efficiently and promptly. we have systems in place to ensure that we can provide what our customers need in a consistent and effective manner. find out more >








 
industries we serve
engineered to provide real-world solutions


				find out more			









 











 




 
oliner fibre co., inc
2391 vauxhall road
p.o. box 308
union, nj 07083, usa
telephone: 800 654 6373 / 908 688 5800


our products
contact
 










 entire website © 2001-2019 oliner fibre co., inc. all trademarks are the property of oliner fibre unless otherwise noted.

 




























 
