









e-learning centre: online courses, platforms, content developers









































 
















home
courses

accounting & finance
health & safety
it skills
leadership/management
project management
sales & communication


e-learning resources

global e-learning trends
best learning management system
mobile learning
websites we like

brandon hall
elevate green website
good tech guide website
towards maturity


e-learning careers for former teachers
how to create an ecommerce website
free online courses & open learning
book reviews
guides to e-learning


about us

e-learning consultancy
course quality
our approach
privacy policy


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










welcome to e-learning centre
your guide to the best online courses, e-learning developers, tech solutions and more.
find great e learning platforms or content, plus expert research into the latest software and strategies.
 
































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors















e-learning courses



bespoke content



learning platforms








 
choose an e-learning course category








sales / communication
sales and effective communication skills development.






s

health & safety
improve onboarding, regulatory compliance, and staff safety.








project management
from basic to advanced skills, creating better project managers.










it skills
gain proficiency with business software and operating systems.








leadership & management
creating effective managers and great future leaders.








accounting & finance
develop key accountancy and financial management skills.







popular course topics








asbestos awareness
online asbestos awareness training & assessment








level 2 food safety in catering
the most popular food safety course – suitable for anyone who prepares or serves food.








health & safety for managers
interactive online health and safety course on risk management, policies, law and recording.










statistics for business
develop in-demand business skills in estimation, variance, averages and more.








online coshh training
training in coshh – control of substances hazardous to health.








business communications
a series of videos, offering some of the best training in business communication skills.










manual handling
a manual handling training course for safe working practices. rospa approved.








equality & diversity
gain more understanding of diversity and how to promote it, as well as key legislation.








international trade compliance
courses and bespoke content for international trade compliance.










courses listed




top providers




industries covered




million pageviews and counting...







browse over 200 carefully selected online courses
get started







what is e-learning?
e-learning is an education or training experience delivered digitally. some people see this as an outdated expression that conjures up memories of static, ‘click next’ slides. however, online learning today can be vibrant, interactive, multimedia and immersive.
according to the good tech guide website, e-learning is “learning that is conducted through electronic means” and in 2024, this can incorporate a range of technology innovations such as vr / ar, gamification, realistic system simulation, and even ai to recommend what to learn next. this is in addition to the text, audio, image and video elements we’re all accustomed to.
good content and tech can help you to engage learners and deliver education and training experiences with real impact.
on this website, we signpost:








tech
the latest and best in edtech (education technology) and business training solutions, such as lms / vle, lxp and more – explaining all the jargon along the way!








online courses
the best online courses for professional skills development to enhance your career progression, or training employees to drive business performance and regulatory compliance. 








e-learning companies
need the support of specialist solution providers? we signpost some of the best e-learning companies across a range of sectors and needs, including content development and technology specialists. 









why our website?
led by e-learning experts with decades of experience, we’ve helped thousands of learners and organisations to find or deliver excellent web based training. by giving up to date advice and signposting great companies and resources, our goal is to help our visitors with their career, personal and business skills development.






r

expertise
decades of combined experience and mentioned on the industry ‘movers and shakers’ list 3 years in a row. 






r

great choice
over 200 elearning courses to transform compliance, employability or performance. 






r

only the best
we spotlight the best online courses, using our unique evaluation toolkit. 









need advice or want to get listed?
contact us



 







popular coursesasbestos awareness course
microsoft excel courses
health and safety for managers
online coshh training
manual handling course
microsoft office 2013
the business game
top course categoriesaccounting & finance
health & safety
it skills
leadership & management
project management
sales & communication


latest updates


e-learning content development companies


best learning management system


digital learning in the uk: 2025 guide to trends, tech & top companies


how to create an ecommerce website to sell products online


digital adoption platforms for uk businesses & organisations


blockchain and cryptocurrency courses


about uscourse quality
our team
our approach
privacy policy
contact us
 






x




rss


e-learning centre for courses, tutorials, training companies & more. working with learning light ltd. 




















