










































 + 1 (707) 877-4321
 + 33 977-198-888


















since 2000 - sell art and buy art online at artscad art gallery.



home



artworks


sell



forums



my artscad







artscad is a virtual museum and searchable database of visual arts, dedicated to contemporary  artistworldwide. thank you for visiting artscad,  buying artnetwork and supporting our  member artists.





				
»  discover a world of art and great artists

» buy  posters and  artworks direct from the artist online

»  sell your art and make your internet exhibition a great success

			







press releases


communiqué de presse de l'artiste marie christine legeayparticipe au salon de noel chez dreem street gallery du 16 au 31 decembre 2014 lodya-art-gallery sur ebay(marie christine legeay - 1k - added january 30)
communiqué de presse de l'artiste marie christine legeayexposition a ciron indre peintres de la brenne du 15 au 25 aout 2013 - exhibition brenne painters at ciron indre - salle des fetes de ciron - lodya-art-gallery sur ebay(marie christine legeay - 2k - added january 30)
anuncio de òscar garrigacoragre art (https://coragre.wixsite.com/coragre-art)(òscar garriga - 1k - added january 17)
communiqué de presse de l'artiste marie christine legeaywinter time late lies the wintry sun a-bed, a frosty, fiery sleepy-head blinks but an hour or two and then, a blood-red orange, sets again. before the stars have left the skies, at morning in the dark i rise and shivering in my nakedness, by the cold candle, bathe and dress. close by the jolly fire i sit to warm my frozen bones a bit or with a rein...(marie christine legeay - 5k - added december 24)
jiqun chen's announcementchen jiqun art show and paintings in malaysia 1992-2006 ( 67 works were exhibited and sold ) http://chenjiqun.com/gallery_artshow_malaysia_en.htm chen jiqun paintings in malaysia 1992-2006 ( more than 60 paintings ) http://chenjiqun.com/cjqallworks_malaysia_en.htm ( 56 oil paintings )(jiqun chen - 4k - added july 10)






latest publications











exploring artscad



artscad is a virtual museum and searchable database of visual arts, dedicated to contemporary artistsworldwide. thank you for visiting artscad, buying artwork and supporting our member artists.
you can also perform a keyword search on all documents, pages and artworks.
if you prefer to browse the exhibits without searching, we recommend the categories page.  you can browse by topics, media, styles, sizes and prices, or you can select specialized categories: great masters copies, posters, artworks on demand, and reproductions.
whichever way you choose to explore artscad, we wish you an enjoyable visit, and we thank you for buying artwork and supporting our member artists. 




recent exhibitions















pascal riouabstract32buy original - 390$buy reproduction - 390$16 inches x 12 inchesabstractabstractadded february 6, 2025pascal rioujimmy ortiz lunaasemic artabstractabstracciónadded january 30, 2025jimmy ortiz lunaaquarelles de michèle wauquierdistrict of oloron saint marybuy original - 130$12 inches x 16 inchesfigurativeurbanadded december 15, 2024aquarelles de michèle wauquierfrançoise genetgenoese bridge 220 inches x 16 inchesfigurativenatureadded february 15, 2025françoise genetmarc percheronthree moonsromanticismsymbolismadded december 16, 2024marc percheronvicente gimeno ripollmarinabuy original - 618$19 inches x 23 inchescontemporary artfigurativeadded january 28, 2025vicente gimeno ripollbeatrice fargebirds in the clouds21 inches x 29 inchescontemporaryfreedomadded february 2, 2025beatrice fargejacques donneaudgraffiti floralbuy original - 780$24 inches x 24 inchescontemporaryabstract visionsadded february 4, 2025jacques donneaudcorinne touboul falsquellejungle12 inches x 16 inchesfantasyafricaadded february 13, 2025corinne touboul falsquelle







here is our premium members



they are allowing us to pay for our coffees and the servers

helencosto.com
 -lejeuneentelle.com 
 -www.alain-faure.com
 -www.freddy-blackberry.com
 -www.ggrana.com
 -www.lenda-bav.com
 -www.louisfrancoisalarie.com
 -www.mariemathildedumont.com
 -www.mdrozdz.com 
 -www.mihajloatijas.com
 -www.nicoleaucatherine.com
 -www.patrick-sponem.com
 -www.periaultlionel.com
 -www.pierrevanmansart.com
 -www.sophiemoissonnier.com
 -www.sylviane-petit.com
 -zymbrec.com


















 				have a 3d portfolio



				make your gallery extraordinary and attractive. this will surely emphasize your individuality and style.  














				have your own .com
			


				you have the great opportunity of having your own url. you can use your first and last name, which will make you easily found online
			
















				 get translated 



				 we translate the titles and keywords of your artworks into 9 languages.














				view your visitor statistics



				see how you rank in popularity by viewing visitor statistics. see how many people enjoy your art every day. 














				 online marketing




				 have your artworks listed on  allartonline.com,poosteers.com, artists-map.com and your announcements listed on allartsevents.com














				 offer rss feeds 



				 let visitors keep in touch with the newest additions to your gallery.
















				search engine optimization



				 let us promote your artworks with relevant keywords on google, bing, yahoo and others search engines














				 be in touch with the world



				artscad.com is translated into 9 languages, which gives the great benefit of being visited by people all around the world.














				on line support



				do you have some questions about managing your gallery? our team is always ready to help you with any and every question. do not hesitate to contact us for anything question or concern you might have.

















				art pieces on artscad homepage



				this feature gives you the opportunity to have your artworks displayed on our homepage each time you add a new piece to your gallery.














				commission



				artscad.com does not take a commission when you sell your art. sell your paintings without a fee.














				artscad.com emails



				use your personal mail box on artscad.com, and receive the latest artscad news and support.














				offer artworks e-cards

 


				send your art pieces as an e-card to anyone. you can design your e-card anyway you like by adding music, changing colors and backgrounds.














				create customizable newsletter



				have some ideas to share? we are eager to know! you have a chance to make your newsletter more attractive by adding photos and colors.














				select music for gallery



				enhance your visitors’ experience with music. everyone loves music!














				choose the color of  gallery



				play with colors, choose your favorite and make your gallery the best.














				customized graphic design



				show your style and flair with your customized personal gallery. 














				be social with forums & guestbook



				in your guestbook, you can receive and respond to comments from your visitors. this will allow you to see how people appreciate your art. 














				have a slideshow



				your personal slideshow is an attractive feature which makes your gallery unique and memorable for every visitor.














				publish your documents 



				you are free to share your personal information here. you can publish as much as you wish, there are no limits.














				artwork limits



				with the free portfolio, you have a chance to add 25 of your artworks, 100 with artist portfolio and 500 with premium portfolio.














				direct poster systemwith shopping card




				this system allows you  to sell posters without doing anything: we do everything for you. visitors can buy your direct poster with credit card visitors are able to preview framed poster on a wall.








guestbooks 








start!




artscad contributes significantly to the promotion of the arts and artists on the internet.  our objective is to offer a gallery medium, along with effective promotional tools for artists who are eager to actively promote their work on the internet.







if you need help or advice on setting up your art gallery, we can answer your questions in the discussion forum.  if you have questions regarding the process behind buying or selling artwork, please feel free to discuss this as well.












quotation of the day

painting depends on freedom. when you're feeling completely free, you can create, and this power to create is, in turn, the greatest freedom of all.george rodrigue















links

art gallery home



buy art



all artists




all styles




all media




all topics




categories




advanced search



start an art portfolio 



rss feed




about us




contact us




international
главная
home
página inicial
博物美術作品館ホーム
página principal
accueil
博物馆艺术画廊首页
home


sponsors
world museums
paint any photos
famous pop art
all impressionists
most famous paintings
buy art
famous art
paintings reproductions
famous paintings
reviews
author









bookmarks

















email-
email-
email-
email-
email-

*
a





