



trying to grok








trying to grok









the new site is over here!





while our troops go out to defend our country,  it is incumbent upon us  to make the country worth defending.--deskmerc--







for those whowant to know me


in a nutshell
100 things
sarah's knittery
knitting pics on flickr
what the heck is grok?
i also contribute at spousebuzz


those who  inspired me to blog


uss clueless
little green footballs
instapundit
vodkapundit
merde in france
the dissident frogman
amaravati abode of amritas
kim du toit
the bleat
screedblog
scrappleface


those who  keep me going


deskmerc
the volokh conspiracy
eject! eject! eject!
ambient irony
parkway rest stop
cavalier's guardian watchblog
davids medienkritik
bunker mulligan
right wing news
conservative grapevine
porphyrogenitus
kalroy was here
baldilocks
joanne jacobs


those who  jumpstart me again


hud's blog-o-rama
power line
blame bush!
the anti-idiotarian rottweiler
beth's contradictory brain
avery tooley
cox & forkum
varifrank
vinod's blog
erin rages
cursed by a classical education
cold fury
bear creek ledger
photon courier
anwyn's notes in the margin
wis faest wordum
the cobwebs of my mind
rachel lucas


those who  defend and protect


stars and stripes
milblogs
blackfive
sgt hook
mudville gazette
lt smash
hardtack and havoc
a soldier & his wife
calivalleygirl
jack army
tanker brothers
shield of achilles
the sandbox
armywifetoddlermom
most certainly not
butterfly wife life
non-essential equipment




buy the book







those who knit and purl


fiberlicious
knitty
ljl
chicknits
the scottish lamb
faith and fiber
k2sc1




sarah's knitting archive


those who  also bask in thebenevolence of pixy misa


mu.nu blogs


sustained silent reading


books have to be read. it is the only way of discovering what they contain. a few savage tribes eat them, but reading is the only method of assimilation revealed to the west.--e.m. forster--

hard green
peter huber

the george bush 2009 reading challenge
15


crucial reading  for the anti-idiotarian


forget the idiots today
cultural cross-pollination
scathing indictment of old europe
den beste's essential library
lileks one year later
lileks 4 july 2007
notes from the olive garden
collectivist internationalism
whittle's high altitude posts
un not a peacekeeper
we are winning
ignorance and journalism
iraq progress eclipsing post-wwii germany
what they said now vs then
europe's utopian hangover
20 questions about iraq
consecration
weapons of mass hysteria
justification: a post-war review
the civic education america needs
interview with president bush
iraq & al qaeda: 9/11 commission questions
fifty-nine deceits in fahrenheit 9/11
why i'm an anti-anti-american
the best of varifrank


inside jokes


south park
futurama
family guy
the karate kid
smallville
homestar runner


contact


tryingtogrok -at- hotmail -dot- com



search




search this site:





archives


april 2009
march 2009
february 2009
january 2009
december 2008
november 2008
october 2008
september 2008
august 2008
july 2008
june 2008
may 2008
april 2008
march 2008
february 2008
january 2008
december 2007
november 2007
october 2007
september 2007
august 2007
july 2007
june 2007
may 2007
april 2007
march 2007
february 2007
january 2007
december 2006
november 2006
october 2006
september 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
back to blogspot


tooting my own horn


the role of government
cashing in my chips
luck and choices
free vitamins and other dilemmas
perspective
chair
terrible truths
he's gone
death
anger
civilians
i lean to the right
dear people of earth
this is my beloved
trying to grok




























prev
 |
 list
 |
 random
 |
 next

powered by ringsurf!





syndicate this site (xml)


powered bymovable type 2.64























old quotes



contrary to what you've just seen,war is neither glamorous nor fun.there are no winners, only losers.there are no good wars,with the following exceptions:the american revolution, wwii,and the star wars trilogy.--bart simpson--



if you want to be a peacemaker,you've gotta learn to kick ass.--sheriff of east houston, superman ii--



going to war without france is likegoing deer hunting without an accordion. you just leave a lot ofuseless noisy baggage behind.--jed babbin--



dante once said that the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in a period of moral crisismaintain their neutrality.--president john f. kennedy--



war is a bloody, killing business.you've got to spill their blood,or they will spill yours.--general patton--



we've gotta keep our heads until this peace craze blows over.--full metal jacket--



i believe libya, cuba and germanyare the ones that i have indicatedwon't help in any respect.--donald rumsfeld--



those who threaten usand kill innocents around the worlddo not need to be treated more sensitively.they need to be destroyed.--dick cheney--



the flag has to come firstif freedom is to survive.--col steven arrington--



our young men and women in uniformdo not believe there are two americas.they believe we are one americaand they are fighting for it.--gov. schwarzenegger--



i wish all the islamobarbarians of the planeta very unhappy 9/11/04.
--nelson ascher--



the purpose of diplomacy isn't to make usfeel good about eurocentric diplomatic skills,and having countries from the axisof chocolate tie our shoelaces togetherdoes nothing to advance our infantry.--sir george--



i just don't care aboutthe criticism i receive every day,because i know the cause i defend is right.--oriol--



[democrats] are lusting after the presidencylike gollum for the ring.--jason van steenwyk--



it's days like this when we're remindedthat freedom isn't free.--chaplain jacob--




bumper stickers aren't going to accomplishsome of the missionsthis country is going to face.--david smith--




the success of multilateralism is measurednot merely by following a process,but by achieving results.--president bush--




live and act within the limitof your knowledge and keepexpanding it to the limit of your life.
--john galt--




first, go buy a six pack and swig it all down.then, watch ace ventura.and after that, buy a hard rock cafe shirtand come talk to me.you really need to lighten up, man.
--sminklemeyer--




sink or swim, live or die, survive or perish,i give my hand and heart to this vote.--daniel webster--




the blue finger of free peoplehas been stuffed in the end of the riflesof the enemies of mankind.--varifrank--




you've got to kill people,and when you've killed enoughthey stop fighting--general curtis lemay--




nobody can simply be wrong anymore,particularly in blogistan;they must be the servants of beelzebub.--will allen--



if we wish to be free, if we mean to preserve inviolate those inestimable privileges for which we have been so long contending, if we mean not basely to abandon the noble struggle in which we have been so long engaged, and which we have pledged ourselves never to abandon until the glorious object of our contest shall be obtained -- we must fight!--patrick henry--



america has never been united by blood or birth or soil. we are bound by ideals that move us beyond our backgrounds, lift us above our interests and teach us what it means to be citizens. every child must be taught these principles. every citizen must uphold them. and every immigrant, by embracing these ideals, makes our country more, not less, american.--president george w. bush--



[blogs] are usually just cheerleading sessions, full of sound and fury and signifying nothing but a soothing reduction in blood pressure brought about by the narcotic high of being agreed with.--bill whittle



war is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse. the person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
--john stuart mill--




we are determined that before the sun sets on this terrible struggle, our 
flag will be recognized throughout the world as a symbol of freedom on the 
one hand and of overwhelming force on the other.--general george marshall--




we can continue to try and clean up the gutters all over the world and spend all of our resources looking at just the dirty spots and trying to make them clean. or we can lift our eyes up and look into the skies and move forward in an evolutionary way.
--buzz aldrin--




america is the greatest, freest and most decent society in existence. it is an oasis of goodness in a desert of cynicism and barbarism. this country, once an experiment unique in the world, is now the last best hope for the world.
--dinesh d'souza--




recent anti-israel protests remind us again of our era's peculiar alliance: the most violent, intolerant, militantly religious movement in modern times has the peace movement on its side.--james lileks--



as a wise man once said: we will pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
unless the price is too high, the burden too great, the hardship too hard, the friend acts disproportionately, and the foe fights back.   in which case, we need a timetable. 
--james lileks--



i am not willing to kill a man so that he will agree with my faith, but i am prepared to kill a man so that he cannot force my compatriots to submit to his. 
--froggy--



you can say what you want about president bush; but the truth is that he can take a punch. the man has taken a swift kick in the crotch for breakfast every day for 6 years and he keeps getting up with a smile in his heart and a sense of swift determination to see the job through to the best of his abilties. 
--varifrank--



in a perfect world, we'd live in peace and love and harmony with each oither and the world, but then, in a perfect world, yoko would have taken the bullet. 
--sarahbellum--



freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. we didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. it must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the united states where men were free.--ronald reagan--




america is rather like life. you can usually find in it what you look for. it will probably be interesting, and it is sure to be large.--e.m. forster--




do not fear the enemy, for your enemy can only take your life. it is far better that you fear the media, for they will steal your honor. that awful power, the public opinion of a nation, is created in america by a horde of ignorant, self-complacent simpletons who failed at ditching and shoemaking and fetched up in journalism on their way to the poorhouse.--mark twain--




the enlightenment was followed by the french revolution and the napoleonic wars, which touched every european state, sparked vicious guerrilla conflicts across the continent and killed millions. then, things really turned ugly after the invention of soccer.--iowahawk--




every time i meet an iraqi army soldier or policeman that i haven't met before, i shake his hand and thank him for his service. many times i am thanked for being here and helping his country. i always tell them that free people help each other and that those that truly value freedom help those seeking it no matter the cost.--jack army--




right, left - the terms are useless nowadays anyway. there are statists, and there are individualists. there are pessimists, and optimists. there are people who look backwards and trust in the west, and those who look forward and trust in the world. those are the continuums that seem to matter the most right now.--lileks--




the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
--winston churchill--




a man or a nation is not placed upon this earth to do merely what is pleasant and what is profitable.  it is often called upon to carry out what is both unpleasant and unprofitable, but if it is obviously right it is mere shirking not to undertake it.--arthur conan doyle--




a man who has nothing which he cares about more than he does about his personal safety is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the existing of better men than himself.--john stuart mill--




after the attacks on september 11, 2001, most of the sheep, that is, most citizens in america said, "thank god i wasn't on one of those planes." the sheepdogs, the warriors, said, "dear god, i wish i could have been on one of those planes. maybe i could have made a difference."--dave grossman--




at heart i’m a cowboy; my attitude is if they’re not going to stand up and fight for what they believe in then they can go pound sand.--bill whittle--




a democracy is always temporary in nature; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government. a democracy will continue to exist up until the time that voters discover that they can vote themselves generous gifts from the public treasury. from that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates who promise the most benefits from the public treasury, with the result that every democracy will finally collapse due to loose fiscal policy, which is always followed by a dictatorship.--alexander tyler--




by that time a village half-wit could see what generations of professors had pretended not to notice.--atlas shrugged--




i kept asking clarence why our world seemed to be collapsing and everything seemed so shitty. and he'd say, "that's the way it goes, but don't forget, it goes the other way too."--alabama worley--




so bush is history, and we have a new president who promises to heal the planet, and yet the jihadists don’t seem to have got the obama message that there are no enemies, just friends we haven’t yet held talks without preconditions with.
--mark steyn--




"i had started alone in this journey called life, people started
gathering up on the way, and the caravan got bigger everyday."--urdu couplet






