



vacation club - madeira islands | savoy signature





























































  351-291-213040 *  
  contact us 
  vacationclub.info@savoysignature.com 
  vacation club savoy signature






english 

 english 
 portuguese 
 german 
 french 














    


   
 


 members

resorts

royal savoy
savoy palace
next


 about madeira
 business partners








your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.








about our resorts





 

 
information about royal savoy





 

 
information about savoy palace





 
information about next












vacation services 



 


rental opportunities


as part of the savoy signature vacation club increased service portfolio, we have now started a rental programme on behalf of our members.


view opportunities






 


special promotions


as a special marketing promotion for people interested to visit the resort and to get to know more about the vacation club membership.


check our promotions






 


classic cinema afternoon


classic cinema afternoon every thursday at 17:00 in hotel next auditorium. click the button below to book now.


book here













 


essential madeira island


essential madeira islands is a website featuring information on travel, tourism, leisure and lifestyle. the brand essential is related to a top quality lifestyle magazine.


online edition





 


vacation industry review


vacation industry review is a quarterly publication for the global shared ownership industry.


online edition











savoy signature collection 








































 






vacation club savoy signature
the savoy signature vacation club is one of the most exclusive vacation clubs in europe, providing unrivalled 5-star luxury holiday to thousands of its members since 2002. 

address

vacation club savoy signature
        rua imperatriz dona amélia 124
        9000-018 funchal
        madeira island | portugal
p: (351) 291-213-040
e: vacationclub.info@savoysignature.com
w: www.vacationclubsavoysignature.com
* calls are to a national landline
 





© 2014-2023 vacation club savoy signature


complaints book
contact
privacy policy









