san diego restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in san diego by diningguide
homeaboutcontactsan diego restaurantsmobile versionen españoladd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > san diego home pagesan diego restaurantsrestaurant posts“serious food and drinks, not-so-serious attitude”“taste the local flare at the surf club where we offer serious food and drinks with a not-…”posted by: the surf club oceanside“best pizzeria in san diego”“we are located in the heart of mission beach between belmont park and pacific beach. we h…”posted by: rosaria pizza“downton san diego near convention center”“in downtown san diego, lani coffee is all you need to make your morning fresh and energiz…”posted by: lani coffeerestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“horrible ”john, san diego - “rude staff and food is way too salty, a waste of life.…”said about: p. f. changs“pleasantly surprised”member, donna, miami - “this is a trendy place, nicely decorated but rather noisy…”said about: prepkitchen - little italy“best sushi ever!”margie, san diego - “i love this place! just discovered it while in utc and beca…”said about: cafe japengowe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's san diego diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan san diego, california.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find san diego restaurants by location or cuisine.

as a resort booming with renewed vigor, san diego has shucked a reputation for culinary mediocrity to become a magnet for restaurateurs and chefs from just about everywhere. part of the allure is seasonal bounty from san diego county agriculture, and appreciative patrons revel in chef-prepared flavors at their peak. downtown's gaslamp quarter brims with dozens of restaurants, from chic to funky holdovers from pre-restoration days. fifth avenue's restaurant row showcases italian and french favorites along with hotspots for tapas, steaks and other american staples. ethnic cuisines including afghan, cambodian, ethiopian, and laotian have joined the chinese, italian, and mexican line-up. in fact, san diego is packed with highly americanized mexican places cranking out satisfying combo plates heaped with melted cheddar cheese. yet it also has gems like el agave and escondido's hacienda de vega, serving true south-of-the-border cuisine. the humble fish taco is perhaps the oceanside area's favorite fast food.  many of greater san diego's priciest eateries are in la jolla, offering some of the city's most exquisite dining. excellent fare also is served in nearby chula vista and in coronado -- the peninsula city across san diego bay -- where casual outposts are interspersed with grand restaurants overlooking the water. suburbs of del mar, solana beach, and rancho santa fe also are known for diverse cuisine. restaurants reeling in accolades include george's at the cove in la jolla, parallel 33 in mission hills, hillcrest's region, and downtown's café cerise, the latter with a retro-inspired décor complimenting a menu of re-imagined classics. in la jolla, the marine room and the fresh seafood restaurant & bar are hot. at the san diego marriott gaslamp quarter, soleil @ k generates downtown dining scene buzz with low-key sophistication capitalizing on proximity to petco park, san diego's new baseball stadium. given the region's overall informality, attire at most restaurants is casual, but reservations are advised, particularly on weekends. 

diningguide san diego is part of metroguide san diego, offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional southern california restaurant information at diningguide los angeles,  diningguide san diego, diningguide ontario - inland empire and diningguide anaheim.

san diego dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan san diego 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown san diego
dining options in the downtown, old town and near lindberg field san diego international airport (san) 

·la jolla - del mar
sometimes called "the village", la jolla is an upscale community located to the north of the mission bay area 

·coronado
located across the bay, coronado is connected via the blue coronado bridge and is home to the north island naval air station 

·north county
the cities of carlsbad, encinitas, escondido, rancho bernardo and others are located in the beauty of the north county 

·east county
restaurants in the areas to the east of the city center, including santee, la mesa, el cajon and others 

·surrounding communities
dining options in surrounding areas such as imperial beach, pine valley and more 

·mission bay
located northwest of the city center, this area is home to the university of san diego, the hotel circle and sea world 

·south bay
south of san diego bay, on the way to the mexican border city of tijuana, are the towns of imperial beach, chula vista and san ysidro 
 
san diego diningchannel® videos
 
hotel del coronado dining
currant restaurant
mille fleurs
vela more videos >
san diego dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualbarbequecafechinesecoffeecontinentaldelicatessenfast foodfine diningfrenchfusiongermangreekhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtindianinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanpizzeriaseafoodsouthwesternspanishsteakthai
to return to the diningguide san diego home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at san diego restaurantscafe date nite a fundraiser for the angel's depot.  ticket includes appetizer buffet, beer/wine ticket, soft drink … community - fundraiser / benefit the broken yoke - la costa 760-599-70932nd fri 4th fri the exploited alternative music performance… music - alternative rock house of blueswed 3/12/25 the wrecks pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of bluesfri 5/30/25 eric bellinger r&b / soul music performance… music - soul / r & b house of bluesfri 3/7/25 spencer sutherland pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of bluessat 4/5/25 silverstein, thursday & split chain alternative music performance… music - alternative rock house of bluessat 2/1/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide anaheimdiningguide inland empirediningguide los angelesdiningguide orange countydiningguide palm springsrelated links:diningguide bakersfielddiningguide fresnodiningguide montereydiningguide napa valleydiningguide oaklanddiningguide sacramentodiningguide sacramento valleydiningguide san franciscodiningguide santa barbaradiningguide silicon valleydiningguide tucsonother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide honoluludiningguide hawaiidiningguide kauaidiningguide las vegasdiningguide mauidiningguide phoenixdiningguide tucsonmetroguide.network > diningguide > san diego home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide san diego are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsmore locations...full map



san diego restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritestop o' the covebelo restaurant & nightlifeparallel 33dish at universalpasquale del marbondi australian beer and foodmille fleurstuscany ristorante-bar-cafecafe calypsohennessey's taverncoronado boathousebarbeque pitpernicano'sil fornaiothe fishery


