








selfless mind hosting – we work to a standard, not a price













































































toggle navigation








home
pricing
contact
client area
blog
domain registration offers














 

secure & reliable
selfless mind servers benefit from high physical security and power redundancy. this ensures that your data is secure with us.



 

super fast
by only using ultra modern servers and optical cables selfless mind hosting ensures your data is transferred to visitors fast



 

customer support
selfless mind hosting has a dedicated and knowledgeable sales and technical support team, ready when you are.


more featuresyou get lots of features with selfless mind hosting

instant setup
as soon as your payment is received your web hosting and domain names will be activated. in most cases instantly if you pay by debit or credit card and often within a few hours if you pay by bank transfer.


constant backups
your hosting account is backed up as standard with our backup integration. we use dedicated backup servers, providing fast & easy individual file rollback abilities. of course we encourage you to keep your own backups.


git/svn support
web developers love using version control systems. all of our hosting accounts can use git & svn command line tools on our servers. simply request ssh access to get started.


280+ install scripts
all our hosting accounts allow you to install popular software such as wordpress, drupal, joolma and magento in one easy step. upgrading your software is just as easy!


cpanel included
all of selfless mind's hosting accounts come with the latest version of cpanel. this makes life easy for you to do routine tasks such as setting up email addresses and managing mysql databases. unlike others, we don't charge extra for cpanel.


latest php & mysql
our network runs the latest stable and secure versions of php & mysql. we also implement strict security and firewall rules protecting your website from unwanted visitors 24/7.
 






technology
selfless mind hosting offers 3 ready made plans which we feel will suit the vast majority of our client’s needs however we appreciate that you may need to tweak a few things. that’s okay with us, we’ll work with you to ensure you get what you want.
we understand that when it comes to business grade hosting, it is important to use quality enterprise systems. we use branded hardware in our us data centre that has been tried and tested in multiple configurations to deliver true raw power to your web services coupled with nginx, one of the fastest web servers in the world.
rest assured, you can be confident knowing your websites will load quickly, your database transactions will execute fast and your customers will notice the selfless mind difference.
24/7 technical supportcpanel accessmysql databasessuper bandwidthmailbox securityweb secutity








plans & pricingtailored plans and pricing to suit your needs

 £120
mercury
annual plan



2.5 gb storage space25 gb monthly bandwidth2 sub-domains5 mail boxescontrol panel24/7 technical support


 select plan 


 £180
neptune
annual plan



6 gb storage space50 gb monthly bandwidth20 sub-domains15 mail boxescontrol panel24/7 technical support


 select plan 


 £300
saturn
annual plan



15 gb storage space120gb bandwidth50 sub-domains30 mail boxescontrol panel24/7 technical support


 select plan 











call us 020 3129 8059

social media follow us on twitter
like us on facebook

important stuff terms of use
privacy policy
website status






	privacy & cookies: this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
to find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
		
		privacy & cookie policy	



copyright © 2001-2021 selfless mind  |  all rights reserved



scroll





















