









mrs. lacys | specialty dishes and homemade desserts | catering



























































skip to content









what we serve menu our signatures family meals famous desserts gallerycatering & parties catering party roomspurchase cookbooks gift cards shortcake mixvideosabout history & message featured by testimonials sanford community gallerycontact/reserve










 
what we serve menu our signatures family meals famous desserts gallerycatering & parties catering party roomspurchase cookbooks gift cards shortcake mixvideosabout history & message featured by testimonials sanford community gallerycontact/reserve













































 
what we serve menu our signatures family meals famous desserts gallerycatering & parties catering party roomspurchase cookbooks gift cards shortcake mixvideosabout history & message featured by testimonials sanford community gallerycontact/reserve




































































 







 





uniquely appetizing











 





uniquely appetizing


















browse the menu






 










catering info






 










message from faye






 

















what customers are saying








"staff was very friendly. food was amazing, the loaded potato was massive! peach cobbler was soo good!"b hat  

"mrs. lacy's is a wonderful place for lunch. the food is delicious. faye and all the staff are welcoming and attentive. highly recommend!"judith johnson  

"the southern charm this town has. i loved the hospitality service, the soup and new cheddar bites. i’m enamored with this cafe! will be coming back!"lee santiago  

"really enjoyed saturday lunch here with my girlfriend. we stopped by on our way to aloha safari zoo, and this place did not disappoint!"bradley 




















a local landmark in sanford, nc






you are welcome at mrs. lacy's magnolia house! a quaint restaurant located in sanford, the heart of north carolina, and conveniently near to raleigh, cary, pinehurst, lillington, siler city and fayetteville. we offer lunch daily, tuesday through saturday. enjoy a lovely, one hundred year old victorian home, owned by faye schulz, which was transformed into a restaurant in december, 1995.
come dine with us inside or sit on our wraparound porch and enjoy a leisurely lunch, a cup of tea and lots of southern hospitality!
located at: 405 carthage st., sanford, north carolina
open: tuesday - saturday, 11:00 am to 2:00 pm







learn more






























 














how to reach us






405 carthage st.
sanford, north carolina
(919) 777-6787
 
website by:
corner tab creative









main menu







what we servecatering & partiespurchasevideosaboutcontact/reservehome



















© copyright 2025
mrs. lacys magnolia house
all rights reserved
privacy | terms









 






























