









home of the 72oz steak - the big texan steak ranch
























































the 72oz steak

live stream


restaurant

brewery
menu
take out
route 66
history timeline
big texan cowboy
holiday buffet
job application
faq


gift cards

e-gift cards
physical gift cards


stay

airbnb
rv ranch
cabins
wagons
motel
horse hotel


gift shop
starlight ranch

private parties


explore
contact

book the brewery


 


select page


  
 
 











welcome to the world famous big texan steak ranch in amarillo texas!
learn about all the exciting things to do at the big texan steak ranch! check out the winners and rules to the 72oz steak challenge. see our full menu and take-out options. shop our giftshop online. see full list of our handcrafted beers from our brewery.









welcome to the world famous big texan steak ranch in amarillo texas!
learn about all the exciting things to do at the big texan steak ranch! check out the winners and rules to the 72oz steak challenge. see our full menu and take-out options. shop our giftshop online. see full list of our handcrafted beers from our brewery.

















free 72 ounce  steak
the big texan’s legendary 72-ounce steak challenge is not for the faint of heart, but for those bold enough to conquer it, it’s a carnivorous feat to remember. learn about the rules, history and past champions.






restaurant
feeding folks since 1960, we are a generational family business feeding generations of families. view our menu and history. 






gift shop
eat big steaks and then shop in amarillo’s biggest gift shop! we feature souvenirs ranging from route 66, amarillo, and of course, the big texan itself. 






brewery
the big texan brewery crafts flavorful brews that perfectly complement the bold flavors of their legendary steaks, offering a taste of texas in every sip. 






gift cards
savor the flavors of the lone star state with a big texan gift card!

order now











world famous for steaks
in 1960, r. j. “bob” lee opened the big texan steak ranch in amarillo texas on route 66, the “mother road”. it’s distinctive architecture soon became recognized across the mother road as a good stopping place for great steaks grilled over an open flame. the big texan is famous for the free 72oz steak challenge, which includes eating a salad, baked potato, shrimp cocktail and 72 ounces of beef! 

view menu

























spend your night in amarillo with us!
the big texan has more to offer than just big steaks! stay with us either at our rv park, cabins, wagons, airstream, and airbnbs on property.








big texan rv park





big texan cabins







big texan wagons





big texan airbnb







the next big thing
we’re thrilled to introduce the new slug bug ranch, an exciting and quirky attraction that’s sure to delight visitors of all ages. the slug bug ranch features a series of colorfully painted volkswagen beetles buried nose-first in the ground. this unique installation offers a perfect backdrop for photos and a playful nod to classic americana. whether you’re a car enthusiast, an art lover, or simply looking for a fun stop on your road trip, the slug bug ranch at the big texan is a must-see destination. come and experience the creativity and whimsy that makes our spot a true texas treasure!

more information











join our team
we are always looking for great people! apply today! 

application





subscribe to our newsletter 
we send out upcoming events, 72-ounce steak news and much more!





success!



email





subscribe












 










address
big texan restaurant & motel - 7701 interstate 40 east access rdamarillo, tx 79118big texan rv ranch - 1414 sunrise dr, amarillo, tx 79104starlight ranch - 1415 sunrise dr, amarillo, tx 79118





hours

restaurant –  8am to 10:30pm
motel office – 24/7
rv park office - 8am 8:00pm
starlight ranch - hours vary





quick links

job application
big texan 
big texan motel & airbnb
rv ranch
starlight ranch





phone


restaurant - 806-372-6000
motel & airbnb - 806-372-6000
rv ranch - 1-(806)-373-4962
starlight ranch - 806-372-6000


 




 




 












