 


microfiber cleaning cloths | cleaning supplies | eco friendly | blue wonder












 








































home










about










ecoholic award










current specials










cleaning products










personal products










pet care products










testimonials










faqs










contact










distributor info










privacy










site map





















call us: 1-888-343-2583                    



  
 
  




say goodbye to harmful cleaning chemicals, fumes and vapors that
leave an invisible toxic residue on your countertops & surfaces...
clean green & clean naturally with blue wonder™
microfiber cleaning cloths, towels & mops that
magnetically attract dust & dirt – just add water!

-->
 





buy now
			cleaning products

			  
 >> view all 


buy now
personal care products



>> view all 


buy now
			current specials



>> view all





go green with blue wonder™ - discover the advantages

non-toxic! no harmful chemicals, fumes or vapors – just add water!
environmentally friendly! reusable & long lasting, no more paper towel waste
allergen friendly! magnetically attract dust, eliminates flying dust particles
use anywhere! ideal for stainless steel, counters, glass, porcelain & more
ultra gentle! extremely fine microfiber leaves zero scratches, streaks or marks
	 





our risk-free 100% satisfaction guarantee
we are confident that once you try blue wonder microfiber cleaning cloths and other products, you’ll never want to use anything else. that’s why all of our products come backed by our famous 30-day money back guarantee!

			try blue wonder™ microfiber cleaning cloths and other products in your home – in your kitchen, in your bathroom, garage or basement – for a full 30 days. if you feel unsatisfied for any reason, simply return your order to us within 30 days, and you’ll receive a full refund less shipping and handling. 

so as you can see, you can try blue wonder™ microfiber cleaning products at absolutely no risk!
our blue wonder™ microfiber cloth comes with a lifetime guarantee under normal residential use.  
it's easy to go green with blue wonder eco-friendly cleaning supplies. 





 










						subscribe to the newsletter



 



 i have read and agree to the privacy policy







blue wonder for every surface in your home

in the kitchen: stainless steel, ceramic stove tops, sinks, cabinets, granite counter tops

in the bathroom / laundry room: tub, tiles, faucets, vanity tops

around the house: windows, mirrors, glass, furniture, jewelry, floors

in the garage or basement: bikes, boats, motorcycles, cars, sports equipment, rvs

in businesses: computer screens, office and restaurant fixtures and furniture


it will cut your house cleaning and window cleaning time in half.  and, it will look like you had a maid service clean!




“blue wonder cloths are the best for windows,
			mirrors and anything else…”
 
"thank god for the blue wonder cloth! i received my cloth for a birthday gift from my sister-in-law, and she said you have to use it to believe it. that’s so true! in the last four years i have not bought a bottle of window cleaner or any house cleaners for cleaning. blue wonder is absolutely the best. i told my friends and family, since then most of them have purchased one… blue wonder cloths are the best for windows, mirrors, and anything that needs to be clean. it leaves no streaks or no scratches. thank you so much." i.w.





what is blue wonder™?
blue wonder™ microfiber cleaning cloths are made from a superior patented blend of high quality nylon and polyester that was developed in switzerland. we use a superior heat-weaving process in which polyester and nylon fibers are repeatedly pressed, blended and intertwined to create the ultra absorbent blue wonder™ microfiber.

blue wonder™ was ahead of its time.  it was the “go green” cleaning product before being environmentally friendly existed or was even trendy!

blue wonder™ has quickly become one of the most popular microfiber cleaning products on the market today. we are committed to producing products that are environmentally friendly and help people achieve a better quality of life.
make your home an eco-house using blue wonder's environmentally friendly microfiber cleaning products.
say goodbye to dust particles!
thanks to a unique patented heat-weaving process that blends the polyester and nylon, blue wonder™ microfiber cleaning cloths magnetically attracts dust and dirt, eliminating the dust particles you’d normally see flying around while dusting. for this reason, blue wonder™ microfiber products are ideal for people who suffer from, chemical sensitivities, allergies and asthma. 
blue wonder™ has been laboratory tested and removes 99.9% of bacteria.

no more chemical cleansers, no more dust particles in the air, just naturally clean.
hear what people are saying about blue wonder™






“blue wonder takes the drudgery out of cleaning…
			there is no other cloth like it!”
"when i showed the blue wonder cloth to several friends, their initial reaction was skepticism at the cost of this little blue cloth until i let them try it and they saw for themselves what it can do. blue wonder takes the drudgery out of cleaning. there is no other cloth like it! the cloth is amazing. i don't know what i would do without it! i am now ordering more cloths – i want one for bathroom, kitchen, car, windows, etc. i also want to give my mother and sister-law one as a gift." c.j.





 






“chemical free is the way to go…”
"my son no longer suffers from itchy eyes and a runny nose every time he walks in a freshly cleaned bathroom! chemical free is the way to go." s.h. 



 






“i’ve owned other microfiber cloths but nothing does
			as good a job as my blue wonder!” 
"i’ve had my blue wonder cloth for many years now. it’s still in great shape and working just as well as the first time i used it. i need to have more blue wonder cloths so i can keep one for windows, one for the vehicles, and one for all other cleaning purposes... i’ve owned other microfiber cloths but nothing does as good a job as my "blue wonder." i’ve talked about it extensively with others in my town, so now i will inform them that it can be ordered online. thanks!" c.l.






click here to read more testimonials...

order now: all products are backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee!
 




buy now
cleaning products


			  
 >> view all 


buy now
personal care products




>> view all 


buy now
current specials




>> view all




 



   



	 













   

© 2000-2023 cwr enterprises ltd.  all rights reserved.
 


















