






community papers of florida | free-circulation community newspapers throughout the state of florida.































































skip to content












home
what’s new
privacy policy
contact us
 













search for:



 
















home
what’s new
privacy policy
contact us
 


























search for:



 



 























community papers of florida 



 our membership is comprised of owners, publishers, general managers and sales managers of free-circulation community newspapers throughout the state of florida. 


















learn more














contact us















 


 




						facts & figures					


						the community papers of florida (cpf) represents publishers of free-circulation community papers reaching an average of approximately 1.18 million homes weekly.
					













 




						paperchain: part 3					


						paperchain is the big idea that's revolutionizing north america. they figured that if they spoke with one voice, the chances of being heard were pretty good.					













 




						paperchain: part 1					


						paperchain is the big idea.for a long time, community papers have successfully been going about their business without drawing much attention from the people making national media purchasing decisions.					


















community paper 



paperchain revolution
 



paperchain is the weekly community paper network that gives you more power in placing media. we’re the big idea that’s revolutionizing north america.back in philadelphia in the 1770’s, a bunch of guys had the big idea that if everyone worked together towards the same common purpose, real change would come about. it’s helped our advertisers reach more people, especially local businesses who provide junk removal services. 






know more











  











 







membership 



join today! 



our membership is comprised of owners, publishers, general managers and sales managers of free-circulation community newspapers throughout the state of florida.members range from small, independently-owned publications to free paper/shopping guide divisions of major communications companies. the common denominator is that each publication is distributed free of charge to the market it serves. with a great classified section you can find local shops to do all types of work from making your shop acrylic letters to a company to help clean after you close. 






view more















register now! annual conference  










register now















 



 







 











 
"a great collection of reports and general knowledge to keep pace with society that no one should probably miss out on."



 

robin  aleman













"its been a great help to get all the community papers altogether. no more hassle to search them anywhere else."



 

cletus slick













"if you are struggling to read thousands of papers, community papers of florida promise you an organized read every time!"



 

donna. perez
















it's an audit year! is your reporting up to date? 










learn more















latest news & updates 




the best book publishing companies in florida
there are so many unread words that have the power to change lives. but merely writing the book is not enough. you would have written the greatest book and your …read more

the newspapers in circulation in florida you should know about
florida is among the states in the usa that have the highest population. while being famous for its caribbean vibes and latin culture, people find retirement here fun and love …read more

pelican press & pelican marketplace change hands
observer group, inc., purchases sister papers from jcpg the observer group, inc., publisher of the observer weekly newspapers and the gulf coast business review, has closed on the purchase of …read more 

















copyright © 2022 community papers of florida | all rights reserved. 



























