best grand canyon flights and tours | gcsa 702-638-3300abouttoursflightsarticles and advicediscover your next adventure: take the scenic routewhere are you starting from?las vegasgrand canyon national parkgrand canyon westantelope canyon/horseshoe bendsafford, arizonaphoenix, arizonawhere would you like to go?view optionsgrand canyon flights with scenic airlines!nearly a century ago, we chartered the first air tour over the magnificent grand canyon national park. today, nearly 300,000 passengers from around the world book our grand canyon air tours each year. our company has grown to include southwest destinations like antelope canyon, horseshoe bend, and beyond. we provide a wide variety of air tours that are guaranteed to be both time and budget friendly. experience sightseeing adventure at new heights when you join us on an airplane to the grand canyon, antelope canyon, or any of our other spectacular destinations.read moreour most popular tourswith over so many tours to choose from, you may not know where to begin! see if you can find some travel inspiration from these air tour favorites that are and were popular amongst our million and counting passengers.grand discovery air tourplanning to visit the grand canyon national park? discover even more incredible sights from the sky! the south rim air tour features aerial sights of the magnificent canyon expanse as well as the colorado river below you. a perfect day tour for any vacation.available tomorrow!departure: grand canyon national parkduration: 40 minutesbook tourgrand discovery rim to skythis scenic adventure includes an airplane tour over the canyon as well as a guided ground tour with buck wild hummer tours. take flight from our south rim terminal and soar over dragon corridor, zuni corridor, and pass imperial point as you head toward and the north rim.available tomorrow!departure: grand canyon national parkduration: 3 hours 30 minutesbook tourgrand canyon west experience landing tourtake this grand canyon west rim tour from las vegas and discover the most unique views of the canyon from the air, land, and water! fly to the west rim where a helicopter will take you down to the canyon floor for a boat ride down the colorado river. ample time is provided to see the west rim views as well.available tomorrow!departure: las vegasduration: 7 hoursbook tourview all tourspopular air tours departing from las vegasif you’re planning to visit las vegas, set aside a day or even just a few hours in your vacation for a grand canyon air tour or a visit to our other incredible destinations. take a look at some of our most popular grand canyon tours from las vegas.grand canyon skywalk experiencewith our skywalk experience tour, walk on air and experience freedom like never before as you step onto the glass bridge suspended 4,000 feet above grand canyons west rim.duration: 7 hoursbook tourgrand canyon deluxe with hummerthis grand canyon flight from las vegas offers passengers aerial views of the desert scenery en route to the south rim of the national park. upon landing, passengers will have ample time to shop, dine, and explore the various picture perfect lookout points.duration: 9.5 hoursbook tourantelope canyon expeditionantelope canyon is one of the world’s most famous natural destinations. this las vegas tour flies to page, arizona - home of this impressive canyon, and includes a guided tour into its depths. this air tour also flies over horseshoe bend, a famous region of the colorado river.duration: 10-11 hoursbook tourgrand canyon north air/ground tourthe north rim of the canyon is a secluded and serene area offering spectacular views. avoid the crowds and trek off the beaten path or take a guided polaris or atv tour through the gorgeous wilderness.duration: 7.5 - 8 hoursbook tourgrand canyon airplane tours from las vegasour most popular bus toursscenic offers a variety of bus tours from las vegas. check out our most in-demand bus tours below.hoover dam bus tripmany visitors to las vegas - and even locals - do not realize the proximity of hoover dam to the strip. this half-day trip offers bus transportation from the las vegas strip to this world-famous piece of architecture, where passengers will then experience a guided tour through the dam’s interior and ample exploration time.duration: 4.5 hoursbook tourwest rim bus tourthe west rim features some of the most unique grand canyon lookout points and sightseeing opportunities. this bus tour transports passengers from las vegas to grand canyon west for a day long sightseeing adventure, including shuttle service to several famous areas of the west rim.duration: 12 hoursbook tourwest rim bus tour with heli, boat & skywalkembark on a peaceful bus trip from the las vegas area to the grand canyon west, where you'll board a helicopter and fly to the very bottom and land on the canyon floor! you'll also enjoy a boat ride on the colorado river and entry onto the skywalk bridge.duration: 10 hoursbook toursouth rim bus tourtravel from las vegas to the south rim of the national park via a luxury sightseeing motorcoach, with sights of hoover dam, lake mead, and the mojave desert along the way. upon arrival, passengers will have ample time to explore the canyon sights, eat, and shop before returning to the las vegas area.duration: 14 hoursbook tourview all bus toursinterested in beyond the canyon?if you’re planning an adventure for a large group such as a family reunion or a company team building event, scenic airlines can arrange a fully customized sightseeing event for you! our fleet can accommodate groups of any size and our reservations specialists are trained to organize even the most challenging schedules. learn more about arranging your large group excursion to the grand canyon and beyond.read moregrand canyon flights faqsfind answers for some of our most frequent inquiries. read a full list of frequently asked questions here.where are your terminals located?we operate out of four air terminals, located in boulder city, nevada, at the south rim (near the entrance to grand canyon national park), the west rim of the grand canyon, and in page, arizona. visit our why scenic page for more information about our terminal locations.which days are tours available?most tours we offer operate year round. however, there are some tours that are seasonal, such as tours involving a lengthy raft duration or include an overnight stay at bar 10 ranch.how do i book a tour with grand canyon scenic airlines?we encourage our customers to book online to take advantage of our best pricing. you may also book by telephone at (702) 638-3300.do you require identification or a passport to fly?all passengers must present one valid government-issued form of identification.does the airline provide roundtrip shuttle service?from the las vegas area, we provide complimentary shuttle service to and from most major hotels on the main part of the strip, which encompasses the area between the stratosphere and mandalay bay. we also pick up at most major hotels in the downtown area. if you're staying on or near the strip and we do not pick up at your particular hotel, we would attempt to pick you up at hotel closest to where you're staying. at the south rim, we do not provide airport shuttle service as many area hotels are within 10 minutes' driving time. some hotels in tusayan offer airport shuttle service. inside the park, taxi service is available 24 hours a day with prior arrangement. the fare from the park to grand canyon national park airport is approximately $5/person each way.are there any hidden fees or extra charges that i need to pay at check-in?absolutely not! the rate we quote you is the rate you pay. no guesswork, no unexpected taxes or fees.voted best airline & charter companywe are honored to be recognized as the “best airline/charter” by the las vegas review-journal's “best of las vegas” awards. various companies entered over 400 categories on the “best of las vegas” awards, and over 5.7 million votes were tallied!thank you to all for supporting us.articles and advicebeing environmentally-conscious at a natural monumentthe grand canyon is one of the most precious natural landmarks in the world. are you prepared to leave a minimal impact when visiting? read more about how you can do your part to ensure the environmental safety of this location.read this articlecamping at the grand canyoncamping aficionados, rejoice! here is your comprehensive guide to camping at the national park and beyond!read this articleyour must-see guide to the canyonpart 1 in the must-see checklist series, this edition offers information on some of the most popular canyon viewpoints and local attractions at the south rim.read this articleview more articlesaboutabout uswhy scenic?employmentcontact & social mediareservations: (702) 638-3300email: res@flygcsa.commore contact informationconnect with usreservations: (702) 638-33001265 airport road, boulder city, nv 89005informationfrequently asked questionslarge groups and private chartersaffliate programterms & conditionsprivacy policycontract of carriagegrand canyon articlescovid-19partnersboulder city, nvgrand canyon national park© 1995 - 2022 scenic.com