




































teacher magazine - teacher




































skip to main content




toggle navigation













 australia - english
 southeast asia - english
 asia tenggara - bahasa
 india - english










articles 



                                    all articles
                                    



                                    short articles
                                    



                                    long reads
                                    



                                    columnists
                                    



                                    reader submission
                                    



                                    early years
                                    



                                    leadership
                                    



                                    wellbeing
                                    



                                    storyboard
                                    




infographics


podcasts


video


awards









×
search teacher magazine 





keyword(s) 





search















latest articles












view article


differentiating for gifted students
‘educational provision includes what students learn … how they will be taught … and the culture in which they will be taught ... gifted students benefit from the opportunity to interact with differentiated versions of each of these.’ professor john munro explains 3 areas of differentiation, and shares examples of what this could look like in the classroom.














view article


global teacher prize finalist brett dascombe
the winner of the 2025 global teacher prize has been announced. mansour al mansour from saudi arabia has walked away with the us $1 million prize. one australian teacher was a top 10 finalist this year – brett dascombe, a senior geography teacher from wavell state high school in brisbane. in this special podcast episode, brett shares how he exposes his students to real-world, project-based learning by embedding geospatial technologies like gis, drones and remote sensing data into the geography curriculum.










2025 global teacher prize winner announced
the winner of the 2025 global teacher prize has just been announced. mansour al mansour from prince saud bin jalawi school in saudi arabia has walked away with the us $1 million prize. mansour was recognised for his strategic vision and unwavering belief in his students' potential, and for building an inclusive and innovative learning environment.


expertise,                                                                                 sustainability,                                                                                 teaching methods,                                                                                 international,                                                                                 short articles 





a toolkit for global citizenship education
‘what we've done is aimed to answer the questions about how to enact global citizenship and what does it look like when you do it well?’ in this episode of our global education podcast, dominique russell is joined by acer senior research fellow, rachel parker, to unpack the new global education monitoring toolkit. 


curriculum implementation,                                                                                 educational resources,                                                                                 evidence-based practice,                                                                                 international,                                                                                 audio 







will schools of the future be different?
in his first teacher column for 2025, professor geoff masters ao poses these questions: will schooling be different for children born this year, and if so, how? he then offers 3 suggestions for how learning at school might evolve by 2040.


measurement,                                                                                 testing,                                                                                 assessment,                                                                                 critical thinking,                                                                                 education resources,                                                                                 student engagement,                                                                                 curriculum implementation,                                                                                 curriculum design,                                                                                 long reads 





events for nsw science teachers in 2025
the science teachers’ association of new south wales (stansw) is offering a range of professional development events, networking and advocacy this year, supporting nsw teachers to excel in science education. 


science,                                                                                 stem,                                                                                 professional learning,                                                                                 professional development,                                                                                 storyboard 







infographic: student-teacher relationships
one of the topics in the programme for international student assessment (pisa) student questionnaire is the quality of student-teacher relationships. this infographic looks at the responses of australian students in the 2022 test cycle, by state and territory.


student welfare,                                                                                 student engagement,                                                                                 international,                                                                                 research news,                                                                                 infographics 





rolling out evidence-based instruction
over the last 5 years, staff at st mary’s school in geelong, victoria, have had a focus on lifting student outcomes through evidence-based instruction. what started with foundation phonics has now spread across the curriculum and year levels.


strategic planning,                                                                                 school leaders,                                                                                 evidence-based practice,                                                                                 curriculum planning,                                                                                 effective teaching methods,                                                                                 long reads 



see all articles 








storyboard











view article


events for nsw science teachers in 2025
the science teachers’ association of new south wales (stansw) is offering a range of professional development events, networking and advocacy this year, supporting nsw teachers to excel in science education. 














view article


six ways to improve students' communication skills
good communication is vital for achieving success in both your academic and personal life. pgl adventure camps offer a wide variety of adventurous activities, specifically designed to get students working collaboratively and communicating effectively. 










musicapprentice: teacher-led edtech
recent research reveals a decline in high-quality music education availability, and that music teachers are particularly vulnerable to burnout. in response to these challenges, gradus software has developed musicapprentice through extensive consultation with music educators over several years. 


music,                                                                                 the arts,                                                                                 storyboard 





embracing change: ai and teaching and learning
with the advent of chatgpt and the emergence of similar generative ai tools, the teaching and learning landscape is facing a major challenge as it considers how schools might respond to generative ai. to guide schools with their investigation and implementation of generative ai, the australian government released the ‘australian framework for generative artificial intelligence in schools’ to guide the responsible and ethical use of generative ai tools.


digital technology,                                                                                 storyboard 












leadership











view article


research news: the role of a school leader
the latest global education monitoring (gem) report from unesco is out. this year, the focus is leadership in education. in today’s article, we look at some of the report’s key findings exploring the role and responsibilities of a school leader, and how this differs around the world.














view article


leadership: embedding indigenous perspectives
from the uniform and building names to community consultation and learning, aboriginal perspectives and culture is woven into the fabric of googong public school. teacher speaks to principal rebekah lindsay, a 2024 naidoc teacher of the year award winner, about their approach and the success it’s bringing.










what you love about school leadership
in our latest annual reader survey, we asked you what you love about your role. in our final infographic for 2024, we share some of the responses we received from school leaders. 


school leaders,                                                                                 leadership,                                                                                 teacher magazine,                                                                                 infographics 





school leader insights on teacher readiness
educator voices are central to developing a better understanding of the challenges schools face, and any potential solutions. an australian study looks at teacher readiness and attributes from the perspective of principals in hard-to-staff schools.


school leaders,                                                                                 leadership,                                                                                 teacher education,                                                                                 recruitment,                                                                                 labour turnover,                                                                                 beginner teachers,                                                                                 research news,                                                                                 short articles 







podcast: high-impact school leadership
what makes leadership impactful in regional, rural and remote schools? in this episode of the research files, we chat with scott eacott, unpacking some of the concepts covered in his recent research on leadership in regional, rural and remote schools.



educational objectives,                                                                                 strategic planning,                                                                                 school funds,                                                                                 curriculum planning,                                                                                 leading teachers,                                                                                 school leaders,                                                                                 leadership styles,                                                                                 audio 





school assembly s3e4: leading a new school
school assembly is the podcast where we find out what it takes to build a school from the ground up. in series 3 we’re following dan mcshea, principal of notre dame college, queensland. in this episode we’re talking leadership – including the differences between taking on the role at an existing school, as opposed to being a foundation principal.


school leaders,                                                                                 leadership,                                                                                 leadership styles,                                                                                 school culture,                                                                                 audio 

























popular articles

students share their top tips for teachers
differentiating for gifted students
infographic: student-teacher relationships
rolling out evidence-based instruction
2025 global teacher prize winner announced












popular podcasts

podcast: toxic masculinity in schools
school assembly s3e2: growing enrolments
instructional leadership with david hopkins
podcast: australian insights from pisa 2022
teacher staffroom: school leader insights









 





















facebook


twitter


youtube


soundcloud


apple podcasts


spotify


rss feed


linkedin









©2025 australian council for educational research — acer, official partner of unesco




advertise with teacher
submissions and feedback
contacts and about us


privacy policy
teacher privacy statement
comments policy
corrections and clarifications
copyright policy and publishing permissions







skip to the top of the content.












