


home - nsa pittsburgh




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout us board of directors newsletter book store code of ethics diversity & inclusion chapter events last story standing book a speaker new member signup contact us











pittsburgh's professional network

a community for speakers and thought leaders


become a member
attend an event
book a speaker




the nsa pittsburgh chapter is more than just a community - we're a catalyst for transformation.

our mission is simple, yet profound: to help professionals like you elevate their voices, stand out in a crowded market, and master the art of impactful communication.

from small business owners seeking visibility to experts aiming to assert their authority, our tailored programs and workshops empower members to resonate, not just speak.

i invite you to join us and experience the transformative journey firsthand. attend one of our upcoming events, connect with our members, and discover the difference a powerful voice can make.

let's turn potential into power together,
karin lund
nsa pittsburgh chapter president, 2023 - 2025 do you want to be known for your story?join nsa pittsburgh's last story standing contest!last story standing detailskeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right• .﻿﻿﻿"if you want to be in a network of people that are supportive and committed to growing their business, then nsa pittsburgh is the place you want to be! i look forward to each monthly meeting and learning new opportunities to expand my business."﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿twanda clark-edgalfounder ceo, award-winning speaker .﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿"i joined nsa pittsburgh in the '90s and moved away and when i moved back recently i was delighted to see that this chapter is stronger than before. the organization has been a blessing to me - both this chapter and the national level, i highly recommend."﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿joe healyspeaker, author, executive coach



discover why our members say:
“nsa pittsburgh has more value than 
any other professional organization”monthly mastermindseach month we hold a virtual mastermind led by former nsa pittsburgh president, rob oliverconnections with national speakersseptember through may, professional speakers visit pittsburgh to help you grow your business.meet local thought leadersmeet other entrepreneurs, build friendships, and accelerate your growth.on-demand speaker replaysif you're not able to attend a meeting live, we have a digital vault with current and former presentations.keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••• ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿"the resources and professional development workshops offered by nsa pittsburgh are unparalleled. since joining, i've been able to refine my approach, develop new content, and expand my reach. the members are incredibly welcoming and always willing to share insights and advice."rich ermlickmanagement consultant 
transform your event with pittsburgh's speaking elite
why settle for ordinary when your audience deserves extraordinary?


nsa pittsburgh's roster of accomplished speakers brings more than just powerful presentations – they bring a deep understanding of what makes events truly memorable. having stood on countless stages, our speakers work hand-in-hand with you, combining their performance expertise with invaluable event planning insights.  


 from the first planning meeting to the final standing ovation, we ensure your event doesn't just run smoothly – it leaves a lasting impact.


 see the nsa pittsburgh speakersprofessional speakers and thought leadersjoin nsa pittsburgh today!new member signupkeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•





submenu widgetabout usmailing address

4607 library road
suite 220 #513
bethel park, pa 15102-6909

contact ussocialize with us!

   

join nsa pittsburgh mailing listnsa pittsburgh is a legal entity separate and distinct from nsa and is not entitled to act on behalf of or to bind nsa, contractually or otherwise. 



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









