 
    buy premium hair extensions wholesale uk - hair development         homehuman hair extensionshuman hair | real remy hair extensionshair texturescolours and lengthsapplication systemsaccessoriesextensions carehair replacementmen’s hair replacementlaser hair re-growth therapynon-surgical hair replacementabout miracle graft hair replacementmiracle graft hair replacement (mghr)crystal lace micro graft hair replacement (mghr)continuous hair graft (chc)celebrity laceskinvisible for mencustom-made solutionswomen’s hair replacementlaser hair re-growth therapyskinvisible for women – the versatile hair replacement solutionhollywood lacefashion extensionsreal hair clip in extensions uk | instant clip-on weftslace frontlaser therapytrainingcoursesstarter kitspromotional toolsmenabout miracle graft hair replacementcelebrity lace – the world’s most versatile hair systemcontinuous hair graft (chc)crystal lace micro graft hair replacement (mghr)custom-made solutionsmiracle graft hair replacement (mghr)walker tapetapes1522 clearduo-tacduo-tac thinextenda-bond plusgerman brownlace frontlace front thinnatural holdno-shinepro-flex iisensi-taksuper stickthis side to baseultra hold tapewalker signature sensi-tak selectwalker signature tapeliquid adhesivesextreme holdgreat whiteliqui-tapemity-titesafe gripultra holdhard bondshard bond removersure-stickp.a.t. tapeadhesive removersactionc-22 solventh2golace releaserapid releases3 sensitive skin solventwalker signature removerwalker solventsystem carebase tapeleave-in conditionersystem revitalizing mist for synthetic hairtop-lock knot sealerpreparationbond breaker shampoojust-rite positioning spraymax hold sport99% alcoholtools6-finger clips6-finger silicone clipsscalp protectorbrushessponge brushesthe hits packbeautifyhair extension tapeduo-prolace frontno-shinepro-flex iiultra holdno traceadhesive removersc-22 solventextension releaseno traceweft releasepreparationextension prep shampoosystem careperfecting spray for synthetic hairleave-in conditionermy accountshop now


 wishlistmy account0men's non-surgical hair restoration salon londonmore informationhair developmentthe longest established human hair extension & hair replacement experts in the ukshop nowpositivity, yes !restoration of hair loss and self-esteemshop nowtrade prices are also available to registered trade usersshop nowshop our bestsellers
hd elite connections£64.95 – £144.95
hd elite weft – single density£94.95 – £199.95
pure by hd – luxurious remy weft – 100g£174.95 – £199.95
hd elite – bulk hair£79.95 – £149.95
hd elite range – c.p.t. (continuous pre taped)£69.95
hd premium – pre-bonded£62.99more of  hair developmenthair extensionsthe finest 100% european "cuticle" hairapplication systemshd elite professional extensionscolour chartsee our extensive colour optionshair systemsundetectable 100% human hairaccessoriesprofessional extension accessoriestrainingcourses, training kits & promosnewest on our bloglondon chamber of commerce 6 january 2025 0award winning hd hair replacement 29 july 2024 0positivity, yes! hd are finalists for the sme awards for positive impact 24 july 2024 0more about our hairsee what makes our hair unique!hair development specialises in sourcing the finest european supreme quality cuticle intact remy and the softest 100% virgin cuticle hair from around the world, producing a long lasting luscious range of 100% human hair to guarantee the most natural beautiful premium hair extensions. sourcing and processing hair from the most reliable, ethical sources ensures quality and consistency, to offer total versatility and choice both for professional salons and clients.learn more100% human hairnext day delivery available50+ years of experiencefeel free to ask+44 20 7790 4567if you would to know more, please contact ushair development in the mediacreated by hair development’s managing director mark burns mtts, in honour of hd’s legendary, beloved late ceo, stanley levy mtts, hd’s outstanding new hair replacement system, legend sl, is in the fsb awards business and product innovation finals. vip bleached knots in an instant bespoke unit, legend sl is miraculous.more about our hairhair development specialises in sourcing the finest european supreme quality cuticle intact remy and the softest 100% virgin cuticle globally. we produce a long-lasting luscious range of 100% human hair to guarantee the most natural beautiful extensions. we source and process hair from the most reliable, ethical sources to ensure quality and consistency. the purpose with which we work is to offer total versatility and choice both for professional salons and clients. taking pride in calling ourselves the name for premium hair extension supplier, we offer 100% remy hair. you can think of hair development for its reliability, and for being counted among the leading names for wholesale hair extensions in the uk.learn morehair development in the mediabelieve in not what we say, but in what the world says!

our new hair replacement system, legend sl, is created by our managing director mark burns mtts, in honour of our legendary, beloved late ceo, stanley levy mtts. it has made its position in the fsb awards business and product innovation finals. legend sl, vip bleached knots in an instant bespoke unit, is a miraculous way to get premium quality. we have also been bestowed with honour through best practice in the 2021 parliamentary review. you can hear about our brand from the trichological society. we work with the sole purpose of ensuring that our clients and their clients get premium hair extensions. you can consider this statement as a fact after seeing hd hair throughout the globe. we have implemented our expertise in bringing bespoke products to different stages and movies.why do people use hair extensions?
there are many ways reasons why people prefer using premium hair extensions rather than wigs. one main reason is that they can easily experiment with new looks and add multiple layers and as many coloured extensions as they like to get the look right. premium hair extensions are easy to handle and maintain than full head wigs, making them a desirable product.
they are also more affordable than wigs, and you style them to your liking. they can be used for adding volume to your natural hair, add length or get that cute bun you want to style your outfit with. if you have the right hair extensions(premium hair extension uk), the possibilities of their usage are limitless. you can choose to treat yourself with good quality uk hair extensions that are easily available online and can be purchased from trusted service (hair extensions supplier)providers like hair development.hair development for you

do you feel thrilled with your hair? if not, hair development is here for you! if you do, may be you can still add more to goodness of your hair without worrying about anything. being a leading hair extension supplier, we will ensure what’s added to your hair is goodness, style, and elegance. being a wholesale extension supplier of uk, we will ensure what’s added to your client’s hair is a mark of your quality.  from luxury hair extensions to laser theraphy, we have got it all, and you can have them too! counting on our leading products is a way of making your clients build trust on you.   over the years, we have become a name recognized for providing smooth and remy hair. priced with keeping in mind all the aspects, we intend to enable you deliver the best prices for your clients.instagram hair development



hairdevelopmentukhd supreme quality european & indian 100% human hair replacement hd elite & perfectress transformation connections  🧡 hd showing you the way ahead


just for the lolz … merry christmas everyone ✨
 


get new year party hair ready! ✨✨
we are open 



get your orders in before christmas for next day d



swipe for before photo >>>>>>>>our most natural 


 


•are you looking to add to your qualifications b



hair development thrilled to be in the national fi



before 🔜 after results for one of our clients, 



hair development are finalists for family business



… stan the man 🧡 #6years #hairdevelopment


 


throwback to our hair systems on strictly!
men’
 


hair replacement system with a fine lace front and



to celebrate national hair day we are offering 10%
 

load more






 follow on instagram


be social

human hair extensionshuman hair | real remy hair extensionshair texturescolours and lengthsapplication systemsaccessoriesextensions carehair replacementwomen’s hair replacementmen’s hair replacementfashion extensionsreal hair clip in extensions uk | instant clip-on weftslace fronttrainingcoursesstarter kitspromotional toolslaser therapymen’s hair replacementabout miracle graft hair replacementmiracle graft hair replacement (mghr)crystal lace micro graft hair replacement (mghr)continuous hair graft (chc)celebrity lace – the world’s most versatile hair systemcustom-made solutionshelp & supportabout usblogtestimonialsprivacy policydelivery & returnsterms & conditionscontact usfaqsjoin our newsletter
[mc4wp_form id="2452"]
© 2025 hair development. all rights reserved.  handcrafted with love by local fame ltd.          




