



knockeen hills poteens - triple distilled






















1

home
sales
cocktails
awards
folklore
gifts
reviews
accreditation
commercial
airport outlets
opportunities
corrections
responsible drinking
trade press
transparency
contact us












 






home page

online sales
statement of transparency
cocktails
awards
folklore

memorabilia & gifts
product reviews
accreditation
information for retailers

airport outlets
opportunities with us
corrections
responsible drinking
bbc news complaint  - upheld & retraction
corporation transparency
contact us






knockeen hills poteens
produced with 100% irish domestic distillate since 1996.
 breaking news: usa online sales now available for 50 states. - order online now
eu trademark: 000 415539 knockeen hills poteen®

commitment to premium outstanding quality, integrity and provenance.

historic article, regarding restriction of trade from the uk to the devolved administration northern ireland as a result of brexit’
statement article here.
the knockeen hills family owned brand, commenced production and bottling 23 years ago in waterford, ireland, with a singular aim to create a world-wide recognised, ultra-premium bespoke luxury poteen. having achieved this early in its life, it continues this commitment.
this aim has been further  achieved, as it
		    is the only poteen product complying with
		    legislation, authorising the use of distillate
		    exceeding 94.7% vol. this permitted the
		    continuing exclusive use of ultra-high
		    strength irish whey spirit as its base
		    distillate and its unique distillation
		    process. this, when combined with the products
		    selection of natural and organic botanicals,
		    provides an exceptional smooth delicate
		    taste with a similarly outstandingly smooth delivery
		    of the spirit on the palate. all our products
		    including our elderflower and heather london
		    'cut' dry gin have these properties.
this clear, clean, transparent distillate, consists of reduced levels of distillate congeners at only 0.024% being 240 parts per million, compared to other poteens on the market.
all knockeen hills poteens offer an excellent and versatile cocktail base. for easy-to-make cocktail recipes, simply substitute poteen for bacardi, gin, tequila, vodka or whiskey, click here for signature cocktails. additionally, it can be uniquely added 'without any curdling effect' to other irish cream spirit products. an outstanding example is a chocolate orange truffle irish cream liquer (click here).
brand winner of 15 gold and silver (best in class)
		  medals over 13 years from such competitions, as
		  the i.w.s.c. 
a truly totally unique, family owned world-wide  spirit drink, first produced in 1996. 
the following review  of knockeen hills 60% vol. triple-distilled poteen 'farmers strength and 90% vol. triple-distilled 'gold extra-strength' by raymond blake, first appeared in food and wine magazine (ireland's food and wine bible):
"knockeen hills was first reviewed in food and wine ireland back in 2002 and enjoys daddy-of-them-all status in the world of poitin. this "farmers strength" is aptly named: a sharp arresting nose with a slightly pugent snap will wake up the sleepiest of nostrils and alert the palate to the uncomprimising flavour to come. there's a no-holds-barred quality to this tipple. not for beginners perhaps, but worthy of affecionados' attention. and if you like this, then be sure to try the quadruple-distilled gold extra-strength."©
product is available world-wide in various bottle sizes.
100% of our distillate is produced from irish domestice sources, with less than 0.5% of other ingredients not sourced in ireland. these exclusively comprise natural flavourings, not produced there. umder eu legislation only 50% of  distillate used  needs to be produced in ireland and the source of the other 50% does not need to appear on the labels, in advertising material or the producers' website..
all our products in the range and listed below have been awarded a minimum silver medal (best in class) by the international wine & spirit competition, which were either triple or quadrupled-distilled.
all brands  are  stocked online from  https://knockeenhillspoteen.com who deliver to the u.k.
farmers strength 60% vol. (gold medal)
gold strength 70% vol. (silver medal, best in class)
gold extra-strength 90% vol. (silver medal, best in class)
for more details click on product reviews, or send an email to info@irish-poteen.com
some brands of poteen may be more
          expensive to buy in ireland, than in the
          uk. as the uk and irish governments previously
          submitted a joint application to the eu for
          g.i. status, the irish revenue commissioners
          implemented a much more frequent and therefore
          more expensive verification system for irish
          based poteen producers and bottlers, than
          her majesty's revenue and customs in the
          uk for its irish poteen producers and bottlers.
          these higher costs in ireland whilst providing
          additional tax raising revenue for the irish
          government, at the same time increase production
          costs for its irish poteen bottlers. knockeen
          hills products are therefore naturally planned
          to be produced and bottled in the united
          kingdom. knockeen hills brands have for many
          years been exclusively bottled in the
          uk.
 
official government irish poteen export growth estimates.
"irish poteen/irish potin is now exported to numerous countries worldwide and expected to grow to one million cases by 2025."
extract  from the "technical file setting out the specifications with which irish poteen/irish poitin must comply"  dated 20th february 2015, submitted  by the food industry development division, department of agriculture, food and marine, dublin, ireland, jointly with the department of the envoirnment for rural affairs  of the united kingdom, to the eu commission, for registration.
the above level of anticipated exports was calculated by the irish spirits association, who also drew up the draft technical file, at the request of  the department of agriculture, food and marine, dublin, ireland.
 
historical background information
 irish poteen  has been produced for several centuries and for nearly the last 300 years has been frequently referred to as ireland's moonshine spirit. during the period 1666, until recently, in various forms it has been illegal to sell it in ireland.
in the 15th and 16th century, english crown agents, and in later times the garda, could impose heavy fines  and confiscate farm machinery where sacks of grain or barley were found that they decided were intended to be used to produce a mash and subsequently  poteen. hiding such tell-tale signs meant that poteen producers' would work without the risk of prosecution, fines and imprisonment.
as no cow was ever known to have been confiscated, milk was frequently used in the spirit-making process. our poteens proudly follow that centuries-old tradition. 
it was not until 1997 that all restrictions were lifted and irish poteen could be sold in ireland.
whilst within the last 20 years several illicit stills were producing limited quantities, the raids carried out by the garda (irish police) have reduced this to  a few. with the recent discovery of dead rats in some of the mash that has been confiscated, few people will now drink illegal poteen, despite the substantial saving on the irish excise duty.
 










 irish poteen is a european union g.i. protected status spirit. © knockeen hills 1997 - 2025.
this website uses cookies. see our cookie policy for details. cookie policy provided by seq legal.






