



children's theatre of charlotte - home

































































skip to main content









logged in as
guest





your shopping cart is empty.




                    shopping cart
                    







logged in as
guest






                                    buy tickets
                                



                                    give
                                



                                    my account
                                





















events & tickets





						upcoming events
					

						subscribe & save
					

						group sales
					

						gift certificates
					

						reduced-cost ticket program
					

						sensory-friendly shows
					

						asl-interpreted shows
					

						exchange your tickets
					




classes & camps





						at a glance
					

						theatre classes
					

						onstage program
					

						mini-camps
					

						summer camps
					

						class & camp scholarships
					

						parent / student resources
					

						class / camp finder
					




for educators





						school show field trips
					

						touring shows
					

						resource guides
					

						in / after school programs
					

						programs for cms
					

						poetry out loud
					




in the community





						access & inclusion
					

						the kindness project
					

						touring shows
					

						volunteer opportunities
					



help






















search events



event dates
from




to






































new box office hours: mon: closed | tue-fri: 12-5 pm | sat: 9 am - 5 pm
always open one hour prior to public performances.

your home for family time all the time





diary of a wimpy kid the musical


feb 1 - mar 2





tiara's hat parade


feb 22 - mar 9





celebrate!


mar 15





caleb sigmon's theatre of illusion


mar 15-16











what's happening
celebrating random acts of kindness day

february 17 marks the national day where small gestures have a big impact. read more.

more current news







the kindness project
when is the last time you experienced or shared kindness? take the step towards action through the kindness project, an initiative that brings original plays centered around kindness to young audiences.

learn more











from children's classics to bold new work
we are expanding the canon of theatre for young audiences




classics re-imagined
journey to oz was a unique re-telling of l. frank baum's classic story that literally brought the audience into the show. audience members were invited on stage to play out key moments in the story, in a unique improvisational style, guided by the actors on stage. this fun, experiential piece written and directed by christopher parks, who also helped develop grimmz fairy tales, part of our 2019-20 season.



see past productions







our stage reflects our community
we are also committed to listening, learning and working together to address racial injustice in our community. there is vital work to be done, and we've developed actionable next steps around our people, practices and programs. as storytellers in the community, we have a unique platform to foster conversation among our children, families and neighbors. we hope you will join us as we create this story of change.







your support matters
the educational power of the arts isn't simply a belief we hold. it's a value we live by. what if access to the arts wasn't a gift but a given? imagine what could be learned, experienced and shared. your support helps make that possibility a reality.



ways to give


















contact

uptown at imaginon


300 e 7th st. charlotte, nc 28202
box office 704-973-2828

hours: mon: closed | tue-fri: 12-5 pm | sat: 9 am - 5 pm
always open one hour prior to public performances.
admin 704-973-2800

contact us
 | map

 
  
   





plan your visit


directions & parking

faqs & general info

show resources

refund & exchange policies




access & inclusion


financial assistance

sensory-friendly shows

asl-interpreted shows




support us


ways to give

individual & family giving

corporate partnerships

volunteer with us




about us


latest news

auditions | employment

photo gallery

history & mission

staff | board of directors






join our e-club
 for news, discounts, and special offers!




children’s theatre of charlotte is supported, in part, by the city of charlotte and its generous donors, and the north carolina arts council, a division of the department of natural & cultural resources. additional support is provided by the shubert foundation.
instrucciones sobre cómo ver nuestro sitio web en español
 | registered 501(c)3 not-for-profit, tax id: 56-1028031 | annual report | copyright 2023 children's theatre of charlotte | privacy policy | help



















