







san jose dj | south bay area wedding silicon valley



































 



san jose dj


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
bay area corporate dj
dj song list
dj testimonials
greetings!
private party dj
sunday weddings
wedding dj
blog
contact us
 





search for:



 







home

professional bay area dj for weddings and corporate events and all events thats are local at an affordable discount rate!
get a free quote
a custom dj and music.
professional english speaking mobile san jose dj service, master of ceremonies wedding dj, (mc), karaoke dj, party planning & entertainment in the northern california bay area. wedding and party disc jockey service area from: san francisco, marin, walnut creek, santa cruz to monterey, carmel and the greater santa clara county of the south bay silicon valley, san jose ca.
 welcome! your requests are my specialty!
my name is chris webb
i am an owner / operator and perform all events myself. you’ll receive a personalized service, wide range of music on macbook pro , excellent sound from professional disc jockey equipment, wireless microphones, free dance lighting and professional emcee skills that’ll make a big difference during your wedding reception, private party or corporate event! please feel free to browse around this web site!
you may have just found, . . .
offering . . .  artistic mobile dj music
san jose bay area party planning, entertainment & personalized service, when only the “owner” will do.if you’d like to meet with me, you’ll discover a refreshing and moderately priced dj service offering: quality, honesty, and customer satisfaction.

a custom dj offers a professional mobile disc jockey service for local companies, event planners, weddings, reception parties, birthdays, anniversaries and provides karaoke in the bay area. i’m not an agency of djs, but an owner/operator dj with over 7 years of wedding and mc experience, offering quality service and “attention to detail” for your event. audio samples are available with my online jukebox sampler. to listen to wedding music samples and dance party songs online, click here!

view my wedding reception dance music songlist or browse other music samples in various categories on the party music songlist directory. disc jockey prices and price ranges are listed on various pages. if you found a caterer, wedding dress, reception site and wedding photographer, or other party vendors for weddings or private parties, but now you need to find professional wedding djs or to hire a san jose dj for your event, you just found one!

“the right disc jockey.”

 






south bay area wedding silicon valley

facebookinstagrampinteresttumblrtwitteryoutube 





					proudly powered by wordpress				





