




tree frog farm








































search products: 







search newsletters: 































our flower essence products



flower and tree essences
essence box sets
organ energy meridian blends
body electric blends
life process blends
aromatherapy misters
chakra blends
gift certificates


monthly specials


information



about us
ordering information
contact us
privacy policy
articles
useful community links and resources from tree frog farm




about our flower and tree essences



what customers say about tree frog farm essences
how to use flower essences
taking care of flower essences
what is red shiso base at tree frog farm?
when are flower essences helpful?
comparing tree frog farm essences with bach flower essences


newsletter










welcome to tree frog farm flower essence services on lummi island



















free u.s. shipping on all orders $75 and over!





celebrating 25 years! – sustainable flower and tree essence business
welcome! at tree frog farm we produce flower and tree essences, most of which are made from native plants and trees of the pacific northwest. we work in partnership with nature and the nature beings to lovingly craft our essences. most of our essences come from plants growing here on tree frog farm’s beautiful garden property on lummi island. the environmental influences of this region support the gentle, yet deeply transformative quality of our essences. to learn more about us and our essences click on any of our links on this page. 
thank you for your interest in tree frog farm essences!








flower & tree essences
chakra blends
life process blends


organ blends
red shiso
aromatherapy










your shopping basket


find a flower essence

by qualities
by symptoms
by physical correlation



get subscriber discounts!

sign up to receive news, events, and special discounts for tree frog farm by email!
subscribe by email



read our latest newsletters:
february 2025: transformational rollercoaster!
january 2025 monthly newsletter
december 2024: receive and share love and joy
flash sale: help to worry less and calmly take action
mid-november 2024: giving thanks shipping special!


cheaper by the dozen!

buy 11, get one free!
    		12 flower essences for $142.45 (a $12.95 savings!)
order 12 or more 1/2 oz. individual flower or tree essences. when you check out, your shopping cart will automatically show one credit.
(offer does not include 1/2 oz or 1 oz essence blends or aromatherapy misters.)
start shopping!












© 2008- 2025 tree frog farm. all rights reserved.          privacy policy | sitemap | contact us 


lummi island, wa usa • (360) 758-7260
            designed by turtle island web design

shopping basket icon designed by goran babic







