







boats and sailing - apba
















































	skip to content







apba

boats and sailing 





 +19913442688 [email protected] 


menu



boats and sailing
boats
sailing

preparing the vessel
raise the sails
travelling by boat
storing the sails


blog
contact
 

join













boats
nowadays rowing is one of the olympic sports. several types of small boats are used for rafting. kayak – a light narrow boat with a length of ~4.5 m, controlled by two-bladed oars. rowers sit one behind the other facing the direction of travel. knees and feet of rafters are fixed in the supports. in […]

            read more          




basic knowledge of seamanship
it is important to know the parts of the ship for safety reasons and to manage her most effectively. if you don’t know what to do when someone suddenly yells “get ready to maneuver” or “watch out for the boom!” you could get into trouble. block: a nautical term, the equivalent of a pulley. hook: […]

            read more          




safe boatingpreparing the vesselperform a detailed visual inspection. inspect all rigging – the cables and ropes supporting the mast – including the “rose” and the wire checks securing the rigging to the hull. some ships have had masts torn out just because a 15-cent pin was missing! check the lines that hoist and control the sails (halyards and […]read morehow to sail a boatraise the sailssecure the sails. fasten the lower front part (tack) of the fock and jib to their brackets on the boom and bow of the boat.you will find a small fishing line (mainsail) securing the back of the fock (tack) to the boom and its duckbill. tighten it to your strength. this tension will hold the […]moretravelling by boatwatch the leading edge of the foresail and jib. if it starts to reel, you have two choices: tighten the sheet until the sail stops reeling or turn away from the wind (drogue). if the sail is driven, it means that you are going too long downwind with your sail setup. if you are slowly […]morestoring the sailsremove and store the sails. as soon as you are in port security, remove the sails by removing the tension from all the levers that support the sail. when the sails are not in use, they should be kept clean and individually bagged. you will need to do this with both the foresail and the […]more






boats and sailing


for centuries the sea has captured the hearts of sailors and travelers around the world. in his poem “sea fever,” john mansfield declared that all he needed was “and i ask you to give me a star to steer my ship, and a white sail, and a helm, and in the slings a wind song, and a gray mist over the water, and a gray glare of dawn,” to feel at ease. becoming a sailor can be a daunting task, but this article will walk you through the nautical world from a to z. for the record, this article will get you started, but you will definitely need to spend time with an experienced sailor on your vessel before you go sailing alone.
basically, if you are a novice sailor, you probably won’t be steering your own schooner. you will probably be working with catboats, tenders, or sloops.
recognized and trusted by the best




































































sloop
 sloops are the most common type of vessel (when you think of a sloop, you’re almost right). one mast, equipped with a jib in front and a forefoot. can vary in size; ideal for sailing downwind.


catboat
 on catboats, the mast is set closer to the bow. single-sail vessel. small, easily handled by one or two people.


tender
a tender has a single mast mounted with two sails on the bow and a foresail. these vessels are designed for small crews or groups of people. it is fairly easy to steer.


skiff
skiffs are similar to keches, with the difference that the bisan mast on them is closer to the rudder. the reason for the bisan mast on skiffs is to maintain balance and not to make the boat go faster.


schooner
schooners are huge ships with two or more masts. the mast on the back of the ship is either higher or equal in size to the mast on the bow of the ship. schooners were used for commercial fishing, transporting cargo, and as warships.












 if something bad happens – too much wind, a person overboard, etc. – remember that you can stop the boat by simply pulling all three sheet ropes out of the ducks or gates. the boat will (in most cases) stop.
try to learn how to determine wind direction by using your ears. put your back to the wind, then slowly turn your head left and right until you hear it “equalize” in your ears. once you find this point, you will know the direction of the wind and, using this method, you can better understand the wind without looking.














recent posts


the top 5 cruise ship casinos – best gambling experiences at sea


what us city has the most boats


what is the most famous boat race


reasons why dracaena best great houseplants in the boat


boat maintenance tips


fun filled things to do on a boat











apba  2025 . powered by wordpress








