



  

electri-cord manufacturing












































 



 










































about us

locations

westfield, pa
mendota heights, mn
guadalajara, mx


career opportunities


manufacturing solutions

contract manufacturing

product development


product types

wire harnesses
cable assemblies
power cords

nema configurations


high level assemblies




supply chain solutions

supply chain management
local approach
kitting and assembly
why vietnam?


industries served

automotive transportation
medical life science
military defense
alternative energy
commercial industrial


quality control

certification standards
corporate responsibility


resources

nema configurations
project gallery


contact us
request a quote
 
 


search
menu









ecm: we make powerful connections
electri-cord (ecm) is your trusted partner for reliable quality in electronic contract manufacturing, project management, and global supply chain optimization.
learn more













manufacturing solutions
custom cable assemblies, wiring harnesses, box builds, & control panels
more information



supply chain solutions
supply chain solutions for your electronic manufacturing needs
more information



plant locations
manufacturing and distribution usa, mexico, brazil, china, vietnam, & taiwan
more information






how ecm supports different industries
with decades of experience, ecm offers cable harness assembly and wiring harness solutions designed to meet the needs of a variety of industries.



medical & life sciences
more information


automotive & transportation
more information


alternative energy
more information


military & defense
more information


commercial & industrial
more information








manufacturing and distribution solutions for a global market
ecm is an industry leader and globally connected provider of manufacturing, distribution, and supply chain management solutions.
with our deep industry expertise, state-of-the-art facilities, and commitment to quality, we deliver unrivaled efficiency, innovation, and reliability to our customers. partner with us to optimize your operations, reduce costs, and stay ahead in a rapidly evolving market.













career opportunities
at ecm, we foster a culture of excellence, innovation, and collaboration, making it a truly great place to work. with our industry-leading position in the manufacturing and distribution of wiring harnesses, cable assemblies, power cords, and high-level assembly manufacturing solutions, we offer exciting opportunities for career growth and development.
our dedicated team members are empowered to drive impactful change and contribute to the success of our diverse range of customers across various industries. join us and be a part of a dynamic, inclusive, and forward-thinking organization where your talents and ideas can thrive.

more information





let's bring your vision to life with ecm

your wiring harness solutions’ quality determines your success, and we’re here to help you excel. contact us today to learn more or ask for a quote. ecm aims to be your go-to partner in making wiring solutions that shape your future.












 make contact

request a quote


ecm is your trusted resource for technologically advanced, custom electronic manufacturing and supply chain solutions.
to learn about the industries we serve, our custom electronic assembly/product solutions, or get a quote, contact us today!



u.s. manufacturing (hq)
312 e. main street
westfield, pa 16950


global distribution
2425 enterprise drive, ste #400
mendota heights, mn 55120


mexico manufacturing
electri-cord, s. de r.l. de c.v.
parque industrial tecnologico 2
anillo periferico sur #7980, int 5
santa maria tequepexpan,
tlaquepaque, jalisco 45601




stay connected



 



















© 2025 electri-cord manufacturing co., all rights reserved
terms of service
privacy policy
sitemap














 








 

