


kens relics - native american artifacts















home

new items
view flint
view pottery
other artifacts
entire inventory
authentication
show calendar
contact ken
login

				find an item number
				



				enter your email address to receive special messages from ken!
				





				copyright © 2025 ken partain
				6,623 views since 2002



about ken


i have collected and studied relics for over 40 years, 
collecting since childhood.  i specialize in the following 
regions: arkansas, oklahoma, missouri, north east texas, 
louisiana, western mississippi, western tennessee, 
western kentucky, indiana and illinois. but, i collect and 
appreciate relics from all states. i have appraised 
collections, and owned over a half million relics from this 
area. i also  specialize in the following cultures: the 
beautiful arkansas, northeast texas, louisiana and oklahoma 
caddo relics consisting of flint, pottery, stone and shell. 
i also specialize in the following flint areas: northeast 
arkansas and southern missouri crowley's ridge flint 
including the most beautiful clovis, dalton, hardin, 
and cache river points made by ancient man.  well made 
arrow points of the caddo culture, hayes and agee 
points. also beautifully made points from arkansas 
and well made paleo flint and large dalton points 
from that area.

guarantee


certificate are provided with all artifacts from my collection 
and guaranteed for my lifetime to be authentic. many artifacts 
include certificates from other authenticators, along with 
my certificate of authenticity, transaction, and orgin. some have 
2 and 3 certificates. arrangements can be made for us to send 
to any third party authenticator of your choice, and the fee 
added to the cost of the artifact. artifacts shipped on approval 
are returnable within 10 days, along with the certificate that 
accompanies the artifact if the collector is not satisfied. 
every effort will be attempted to provide a smooth, satisfactory, 
authentic, and reasonably priced transaction for collectors to add quality 
artifacts to their collection. my 35 years of collecting and dealing 
with other collectors will be the best guarantee available. 
references are available upon request.

terms & conditions


we proudly accept cash, check, money order, visa, mastercard and paypal.  
relics can be shipped for approval to known collectors only!  
payment plans can be arranged for known collectors for more 
expensive relics.  i pay the shipping and insurance to you, 
you pay when you send me relics so i am assured i am buying 
good, authentic single relics or collections.





