






chef lala





















































chef lala




lifestyle
lifestyle
archive


press


cookbooks



about
about lala
lala's friends


contact















lifestyle/lifestylearchive
press/
cookbooks/
about/about lalalala's friends
contact/






















































tips on healthy living and healthy, quick recipes anyone will enjoy!




home











lifestyle/lifestylearchive
press/
cookbooks/
about/about lalalala's friends
contact/























































at cheflala.com, internationally known chef and nutritionist chef lala provides you with a variety of healthy lifestyle tips, including tips on weight loss, time saving solutions, date night ideas, entertaining ideas, cookbooks and a collection of light and healthy, quick and easy recipes that almost anyone will enjoy making… and eating!




















































 




latest
















cranberry mango salsa 
































chef lala on the real 
































six fresh storage tips for popular fruits and vegetables
































chicken tamales
































spice up your turkey
































chino-latino lettuce wraps
































orange chipotle chicken roulade
































chef lala on live big with ali vincent
































broiled fish with tequila lime cilantro yogurt sauce
































spooky turkey eyeballs
































make healthy, latin-inspired salads for your bbq - today show
































chef lala on dr. oz



















featured videos






featured

























get to know the "reel" lala






chef lala in and out of the kitchen


























lucha contra la diabetes






chef lala aparece en la cnn español para discutir la diabetes.


























what do kids really like to eat? - first 5 california






first5 & chef lala have created a free mini-cookbook filled with healthy recipes.


























the today show with ann curry






sweet potato pobliano soup spices up winter on today!













featured recipes






featured recipes

























roasted red potatoes






roasted red potatoes are a great side to any meat dish.


























chipotle chicken tacos






with these intense flavors, chef lala’s zesty tacos will jumpstart any fiesta.


























baby veggie meatball soup






as seen on the today show with ann curry


























enchiladas raquel






watch chef lala make a favorite family recipe with martha stewart …













featured press






press

























nih medlineplus salud






internationally known chef lala is featured on the winter 2011 cover and, inside the magazine, healthy eating and exercise advice — and the recipes.


























petit power






“you’d better be hungry when laura diaz, better known as chef lala, is in the kitchen. …this petite latina from east los angeles doesn’t do small.”


























chef lala joins maria shriver for the csgn






chef lala joined first lady maria shriver in watts california for the california school garden network


























diabetes focus magazine






in cookin’ good, chef lala shares her personal journey and fabulous recipes for diabetes focus magazine.























rt @joshuape16: testimonio de pandemia

amigos, preferiría no tener que contar este tipo de cosas, pero no quiero quedarme con la i… https://t.co/mymwggdnme
oct 18, 2020, 6:59 am




 


 


 














































copyright © 2020 chef lala.all rights reserved. | terms of use

 



 



