






j & j bulkheading, inc. – bulkheading installations and repairs
















































skip to content





























menu 

























homeabout usour servicespast projects









contact us










 









 


















installations and repairs

















rip-rap 
 
















docks 
 
















boat lifts 
 
















boat ramps 
 
















bulkheads 
 





















piers 
 
















decks 
 























about j & j bulkheading








j & j bulkheading was established in 1980 and has provided marine construction services to waterfront home owners in the south bethany and fenwick island area consistently since then. we specialize in repairing or installing new pilings, bulkheads, rip rap, docks, piers, decking, and boat ramps. we also install new boat lifts and jet ski lifts. j & j bulkheading handles all permitting except for hoa permissions and wetlands permitting that requires a scientist.
we are also licensed and fully insured. if you would like to receive a copy of our insurance, we will be happy to provide. our delaware business license number is: #1989021417.










learn more























testimonials









 




 


jean f. 



highly recommend j&j. justin and his crew did a great job of replacing 150 feet of bulkhead plus a 50 foot dock this winter. i live out of state so i really appreciated his quick response to any of my questions. his estimate was very fair and no surprise costs at completion. he sent several photos of the work. 




 




 


past client 



justin, thanks for your work on bulk heading at my summer place south bethany property. i look forward to many years of enjoying your work. 




 




 


past client 



i have enjoyed your pleasant and willing help to keep me informed during this year + journey for new bulk heading. thank you. wish you were my neighbor! 




 




 


past client 



thank you! the dock looks great! 
















gallery































































































































































 
















get in touch!













office: (302) 436-2800 














email: jjb@jandjbulkheading.com 














fax: 302-436-2711 














p.o. box 600 selbyville, de 19975 



































© 2025 j & j bulkheading, inc. all rights reserved.









designed by techno goober












 

















