



whitetrashbbq















.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}














    
	whitetrashbbq
	
  
whitetrash bbq -- real pit barbecue from new york city.
this is the story of a fire obsessed guy, living in brooklyn, with a dream of producing award winning, competition busting, real barbeque. come live the dream as i compete around the country in the kcbs championship barbecue circuit.








tuesday, february 18, 2020



	 
	 meal planning.
	 
    


i admit it. i don't think too far out into the future. i can't tell you how many times a week i don' t think about  dinner until it's 7:00 at night and i'm already hungry. that works sometimes, and i've created some fantastic meals when confronted with a rumbling stomach and an open refrigerator, but all too often i fall back on the tried and true recipes.  i'm done with that.so, i've been thinking about coming up with a way to start planning my meals and as with all research these days, i've turned to the internet for help.  i came across a great post over at dad cooks dinner that lays out his plan to get through the week.  frankly it looks like a great way to get started. wish me luck.



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 2:04 am
0 comments






tuesday, august 02, 2011




	 tuesday's tiops
	 



there's a new post over at the new whitetrash barbecue. check it out!



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 9:57 am
1 comments






monday, august 01, 2011



	 
	 where's there smoke - there's flavor
	 
    




a cute little video from alton brown about using smoke for flavor when cooking. 

this is also posted at the new - whitetrash barbecue - check it out!labels: alton brown, barbecue, barbeque, bbq, smoke, smoking, video



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 8:20 am
3 comments






sunday, july 31, 2011



	 
	 this is complete indulgence  - a brain fart for the world to read
	 
    


you've been warned........
i'm beginning to understand the whole concept of writers block. i've been sitting here starring at the screen for a couple of hours. nothing is coming to mind. do i have anything to say today? 
it's been like this before. i don't know if i've ever mentioned on it the blog, but whitetrash bbq isn't my first blog; it's probably my fifth. back in the day when blogging was new and there were very few people spewing thoughts out across the net, i decided that i was going to blog about, something. i didn't know what i was going to write about, but i was going to write about something. looking back - it was really a naive decision. i'm not a writer, i've never aspired to be a writer. why the hell would i take up blogging? oh, the ego of it all. 
after a few miserable attempts at finding that something, that blog died. 
a couple of months go by and i tried again. my second, third, and fourth blogs, all had no focus, so i couldn't find any cohesive theme to write about. they all died out long before they established any sort of readership. so, finally i came up with the concept of writing about my life in the competition barbecue circuit.
it was a new adventure for me. i was like a kid who just discovered his penis. i wanted to cook and play with the fire all the time. for a long while, barbecue was all i could think of. it was like an addiction.  stepping into the competition game opened a whole new world for me.  i met some great people. i met some not so great people. friendships came, some lasted, others burned bright and died out quickly. 
i discovered that the competition barbecue circuit is an amazingly expensive game. on average, i would say that it costs about $1,000 per contest to compete. on top of that, you need to add in the cost of your equipment. right now i have about 8 different smokers and grills in my yard, garage, and stored at friend's homes. the you need canopies, lights, chairs, tables, sinks, coolers and all the other stuff required to live outdoors for a couple of days.  add to that the various thermometers, utensils, cutting boards, storage cases, gloves, fire extinguishers and other miscellaneous equipment and it really adds.up. this is not a poor man's hobby.
and guess what? i'm a poor man. so, i've never really been able to indulge in the contest lifestyle as i would like to. so i looked around for other ways to keep my hand in the game. i setup up grillin' on the bay. i judged events. i reviewed restaurants. i met and worked with the various barbecue chefs and cooks of new york city and the surrounding areas. i worked to keep the dream alive. 
but as you all have noticed, the dream is barely breathing right now. the flame is still there, but it's not a roaring fire. it's not even close. so much has changed since that day back in 2004 when i started this. i struggle with how i'm going to take this blog. a while back i registered whitetrashbarbecue.com. it was/is going to be the new home for this blog and i wonder what that incarnation will be. 
can i make money from the blog? should whitetrash barbecue be strictly a website about barbecue, leaving out all my personal thoughts and experiences? or does the web already have enough sites like that? would a post like this one be appropriate in white trash's new home? do i want to commit to only a "commercial" site instead of a "personal" blog like this? i know there's no way in hell i'd maintain both. right now i can't even maintain one. 
i feel badly that i've neglected this blog so long. i hope there's still readers out there. 



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 12:12 pm
5 comments






saturday, july 30, 2011




	 real cheap eats
	 




hey folks. it's been a long time since i've been here.in the words of the immortal, indomitable dolly...
i went away from my the lights of 14th street
and into my personal haze
but now that i'm back in the lights of 14th street
tomorrow will be brighter than the good old dayswell, i don't know about the lights of 14th street, but i do know about the lights of a barbecue fire. i've been away, but the flames are slowly drawing me back. i'm not there yet, at least not in a way i can share with all of you, but i haven't been too far removed from the food world. i'm always out there.

read more »labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, food, real cheap eats, restaurant, restaurant reviews, reviews, sheepshead bay, sheepsheadbites, the bite



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 7:41 am
5 comments






wednesday, may 18, 2011



	 
	 wordless wednesday
	 
    




trooper. i miss this dog.
labels: wordless wednesday



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 8:01 am
3 comments






wednesday, may 04, 2011



	 
	 shh, it's a secret
	 
    


but all will be revealed soon....

labels: media, tv, tv land



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 7:36 pm
1 comments






tuesday, may 03, 2011



	 
	 barbecue ingredients: ketchup
	 
    



ketchup. yes, ketchup is probably one of the most common ingredients on the barbecue circuit. you wouldn't know it from looking around the competition tents, but it is. it forms the basis of many home made and even many store bought barbeque sauces.

nowadays, most americans think of ketchup as a tomato based product, but that wasn't always the case.  hundreds of years ago, the chinese and malaysians used the brine from pickled fish as dipping sauces. known as kachiap, the sauce had a savory taste, flavored by the brine spices and fish. europe in the 1600s, cooks began experimenting with different ingredients—besides anchovies, mushrooms, walnuts, oysters, and even lemons appeared in various ketchup recipes over the next couple of centuries. throughout the ages, the only ingredient that remained constant was salt.

in the new world, tomatoes were known to be used in ketchup as early as the 1780s, though the first published recipe for tomato ketchup—created by james mease, a physician and horticulturist from philadelphia—dates only from 1812.

it wasn't until the late 1800's when a pennsylvania food producer took tomatoes, added vinegar, sugar, onion and some secret spices and bottled it did tomato ketchup take hold. now, pretty much all ketchup in america is made the same way. sure, the seasonings vary from brand brand, but to americans, ketchup is a thick tomato based sauce. 

now when it comes to barbecue sauce and ketchup, well some would say that's a marriage made in heaven. do a google search for "ketchup and barbecue sauce" and you'll get 1,770,000 hits. thanks to our friends at kraft foods, a thick tomato based sauce, aka kansas city style, has become the definition of barbecue sauce in the us. even in texas, when they do use sauce, ketchup is often the first ingredient. 

so, the next time you reach for a bottle of barbeque sauce, remember, you're just putting doctored up ketchup on your ribs! enjoy.

photo of ketchup courtesy http://www.instructables.com labels: barbecue, barbecue. barbeque, bbq, ingredients, ketchup, tomato



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 6:53 am
5 comments






thursday, april 28, 2011



	 
	 ternera a la llanera -- wherefore art thou?
	 
    




photo courtesy of http://blog.shankbone.org/

the above photo was taken at a lower east side of manhattan street fair, sometime in the past. i don't know which fair. i don't know when. all i know is i want to be at that fair and i want one of those grills.

according to wikipedia the guy in the picture is preparing "ternera a la llanera," a dish from the colombian marshlands. from what i've found on the web, thank you chrome's instant translation service, ternera a la llanera is the cooking of an entire veal. now, it they're cooking an entire veal on the streets of nyc - i need to be there!

here's the process....

preparation of veal llanera or "mammon" is itself a party, this will kill a calf of approximately one year. the most important preparation are the cuts. there are four classics that are the bear, the eels, rays and the heron.

the bear is the part that covers the neck, throat, jaw and tongue, cut from top to bottom, so that will be taking down the dam.

the shakers are breast meat, which are extruded in long strips.

the line includes the hindquarters, which, cut from the top (legs), including the tail, and part of the thighs. cut trying to maintain a round shape with the tail like a bay.

the heron is only the udder.

the cuts were made by cutting the extra skin, wrap the meat with it are exposed. strips are sewn with the same skin, so that the meat is completely covered in the oven. once lsta and only seasoned with salt (including the head) is roasted in clay and brick oven at medium temperature (250 ° c) for 8 to 12 hours.

one way to know when the beef is ready, when the lips, head, shrink, giving it a cheerful expression.

where this at? someone, please tell me!labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, colombia, colombian food, griling, new york, street fair, street food, veal, whole animal



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 8:31 am
3 comments






wednesday, april 27, 2011



	 
	 wordless wednesday
	 
    


labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, beef, wordless wednesday



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 11:14 am
3 comments






tuesday, april 26, 2011



	 
	 barbecue basics: fire
	 
    



fire. it's an amazing thing. it's so amazing that the ancient greeks considered it one of the major elements. water, air, earth and fire. the four building blocks that make up the world. even today, people refer to fire as a living, breathing thing. fire is probably the most destructive force in nature. but fire, when harnessed correctly can also be one of the most beneficial. in the world of barbecue, it's probably the most important element.

unlike water, air and earth, fire isn't matter. it's a chemical reaction. a side effect if you will, of changing form. fire is caused by a reaction of oxygen with some sort of fuel. in the case of a barbecue, that fuel is ideally wood. now just having wood and oxygen together doesn't automatically create fire. if it did, we'd all be in pretty bad shape. something must heat the wood, and that can be anything from a match to lightening to friction. oh, i remember my boy scout days of starting fires by rubbing two sticks together. what a pain in the ass that was!

once the wood reaches 300 degrees fahrenheit, the cellulose in the wood begins to break down. this decomposed cellulose releases volatile gases, aka smoke. smoke is made up of hydrogen, carbon and oxygen. once all that is burned off, we're left with - char; the nonburnable remnants of the wood. the char is nearly pure carbon, and ash, which is the minerals in the wood (calcium, potassium, and so on). on the store shelves, this char is known as charcoal. charcoal is wood that has been heated to remove all the volatile gases, leaving behind only carbon. this is why pure charcoal doesn't produce smoke when it burns.

now the actual burning of wood takes two stages. first up, when the wood reaches 500 degrees fahrenheit, the atoms in the wood break apart. they combine with the oxygen forming water, carbon dioxide and all sorts of other compounds. in other words - it burns. once the gases burn off, the char ignites. the pure carbon of the char burns much more slowly and creates most of the heat of a wood fire.

as the atoms heat up, they produce light. this process is called incandescence. flame colors will vary depending on the temperature of the fire, and the fuel source. variations in the  flame are caused by uneven temperatures. blue flame is the hottest. yellow the coolest.

how many nights have i sat transfixed watching the flames shoot up? their little point dancing between the wood - or teasing the underside of a steak without ever stopping to think why fire is pointed. well, it's due to gravity. all the hot gases in the flame are much hotter (and less dense) than the surrounding air, so they move upward toward lower pressure. if we were in space, without gravity, the fire would burn in a sphere. great balls of fire anyone?

fire is self perpetuating. it keeps the fuel at ignition temperature, so it continues to burn as long as there is fuel and oxygen around it. the flame heats any surrounding fuel so it releases gases as well. when the flame ignites the gases, the fire spreads. sometimes you want this, sometimes you don't.

your job as a pitmaster is to control that flame. and once you have mastered fire control, you will have mastered the first step to outstanding barbecue.labels: barbecue, barbeque, basics, bbq



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 6:44 am
3 comments






thursday, april 21, 2011



	 
	 best barbecue pork ribs in manhattan
	 
    




photograph: jessica leibowitz at serious eats

ok. i'll wait.

done yet?

c'mon. really?

ok, children settle down now. stop the laughing. yes - the title of this post is the "best barbecue pork ribs in manhattan," as in new york city. yes, we do have multiple true barbecue restaurants in manhattan and even more in brooklyn. and today, we'll talk about the "best" pork barbecue ribs in manhattan. are they the best in the nation? no one said that, so you southerners. relax. we're not taking the crown just yet.

james boo, seriouseats.com ny's budding barbecue expert invited me, my buddy ned berke of sheepsheadbites.com, edible queens blogger and 'cue enthusiast joe distefano (known in certain circles as "joey deckle"), barbecue ambassador amy mills to join the staff and judge manhattan's best pork barbecue ribs and the results are surprising. 

here's what happened, as james tells on serious eats...

this tasting focused on smoked pork ribs available for dine-in or take-out in manhattan. choices were based on our informal poll on seny and the barbecue bureau's top choices. we purchased half-racks of spare ribs to-go from each restaurant, with the exception of rack and soul, which only serves baby back ribs:

blue smoke: kansas city spareribs
daisy may's bbq: kansas city sweet and sticky pork ribs
daisy may's bbq: memphis dry rub pork ribs
dinosaur barbeque harlem: st. louis bar-b-que spare ribs
hill country new york: pork spare ribs
rack and soul: bbq: baby back ribs
rub: st. louis-style long end"
i'll pick it up from here. we were led into the serious eats office and spread out before us was a large conference table with 7 plates of ribs lined up on one side. the only identifiable marking was a purple post-it tag with the numbers of 1 to 7 written on them. we stood around a while discussing how the judging was to take place and finally dove in.

when we sat down i thought i recognized a couple of the ribs, but as i was eating them i honestly lost my preconceived notions. i knew rub was there. so was daisy may, blue smoke and hill country. i saw them on the plates lined up for tasting, but by the time a rib got to my plate i had no idea which restaurant produced it. joey deckle was distributing the ribs to the plate and we were all sharing ribs. trying to figure out where 1/2 a rib came from was a useless pursuit. so my dear readers, this was true blind judging. 
i'm not going to re-write james's post about the whole experience. you should read it over on serious eats, but here's the winners from the panel's perspective.rack and soul's bbq baby back ribs (7.8/10)
daisy may's bbq's kansas city sweet and sticky pork ribs (7.3/10)
daisy may's bbq's memphis dry rub pork ribs(6.8/10)
hill country new york's pork spare ribs (6.3/10)
dinosaur barbeque harlem's st. louis bar-b-que spare ribs (6.1/10)
blue smoke's kansas city spare ribs (5.5/10)
rub's st. louis-style long end (4.5/10)
frankly, i'm a bit surprised by these results. we all discussed our winners and losers and i didn't leave thinking this was how it would play out. james still had to tally our written votes, with the exception of rack and soul being the hands down winner, every other position was still in flux.
my feelings -- to me, the top two were daisy may's. my winner was the dry rub ribs, followed by daisy's sweet and sticky ribs. this really surprised me as my last visits to daisy may's proved so disappointing that i wrote a post pleading with adam perry lang to abandon his london restaurants and take care of daisy. maybe he listened, but whomever is handling the cookers at daisy may's now is doing a great job. i need to get back there and update my comments. 
my least favorite in the bunch was blue smoke's kansas city style spare ribs. they were completely untrimmed, fatty and tasteless. to me, it appeared that the chef  had completely given up. there were no discernible spices, nor bark or smoke on these ribs. huge chunks of fat dominated them and easily over powered the meat. i wouldn't have been surprised to be given these ribs from some newlywed's first attempt at cooking ribs in oven.
hill country's ribs didn't fare much better. while these ribs were cooked well, the salt, pepper, paprika seasoning just doesn't cut it for pork. "hammy" was the most frequently heard comment here. stick with the beef boys. 
as for the others, well it was a mixed bag as under cooking seemed to be the most common mistake.
i can't wait to do it again!labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, best, blue smoke, contest, daisy may's bbq, dinosaur, hill country, manhattan, pork, rack and soul, ribs, rub bbq, serious eats



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 9:11 am
3 comments






tuesday, april 19, 2011



	 
	 tuesday's tips
	 
    




photo courtesy of  http://www.barbecue-party.com
today's tuesday - so here's a tip for you. keep your grill clean. nothing messes up a good grilling session than a dirty grill. burnt on food can turn rancid, and scrapping it into your new fire causes an acrid smoke flavor. it can get even worse on a low slow cook of barbecue. ever bite into a succulent juicy rib, only to be immediately repulsed by the flavor of dirty smoke?  keep it clean joe.

ps. i was part of a team of elite foodies and a barbecue legendess (she's like a princess with her pedigree!) who took part in a super secret pork rib-off of manhattan's barbecue restaurants yesterday ins a super secret location.. the very surprising results will be posted soon.

pps - to all my loyal jewish friends and readers - happy pasach! and sorry for the post about pork. my bad.labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, contest, grilling, legend, tuesday's tips



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 7:09 am
2 comments






monday, april 18, 2011



	 
	 shrimp and sausage po' boy
	 
    




photo: daily news
you may have recently seen your favorite blogger written up in the the new york daily news with his shrimp and sausage po' boy recipe. the article rightly focused on grillin' on the bay, new york's only sanctioned bbq contest, but they wanted a recipe from your's truly to give the piece a more human touch. they wanted something simple and not very complex. so on the morning of the photo shoot, i came up with a quick recipe for shrimp and sausage po' boys.

i thought my recipe was very straight forward and simple, but the powers that be at the daily news proclaimed the original recipe far too complex for the average reader. they then claimed it was much too long for the allocated space in the paper. "you're giving me 6 inches. i can only handle 2." said ben chapman, the uncredited author of the news article. leaving all sexual innuendo aside, we chopped up the recipe, changed ingredients and removed enough steps so that ben could handle it. it didn't change the final product too much but the original is much better.

since you're all barbecue cooks or aspiring barbecue cooks, i assume you can handle the true unedited, full of obscure and hard to find ingredients, uncensored recipe. here's the real deal.


photo of the original recipe courtesy of the new york daily news.

 




grilled shrimp and sausage po' boys (serves 6)

ingredients:
1lb sweet luganiga (portuguese sausage) or your favorite link sausage
1lb jumbo shrimp, cleaned and de-veined
1/2 cup virgin olive oil
1 cup limeaide
2 cloves garlic diced
1 tbsp old bay seasoning
baby lettuce
mayonaise
chopped sundried tomatoes in oil.
6 - 6" crusty italian rolls
salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
cooking directions:

in a large bowl whisk together the olive oil and limeaide. when emulsified, whisk in the garlic, old bay, salt and pepper. add shrimp. marinate shrimp for one to two hours. do not marinate for more than 2 hours or the acid in the limeaide will begin to cook the shrimp.

prepare a charcoal fire. when the fire is hot, grill the sausage until cooked through, approximately 15 minutes. set aside. drain shrimp from marinade. do not dry them. grill shrimp until pink and opaque for approximately 3 minutes per side. do not over cook.set shrimp aside. slice bread to open, grill bread approximately one minute.

to assemble the sandwich. put mayo on one side of the roll. top with baby lettuce. cut sausage into slices. alternatively place sausage and shrimp on the lettuce. top with chopped sun dried tomatoes. serve.labels: barbecue, barbeque, bbq, daily news, grillin on the bay, grilling, new york, news, recipes, sausage, shrimp



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 7:33 am
1 comments






friday, april 15, 2011



	 
	 barbecue - the basics
	 
    


back in 1968 with the beatles dissolving slowly and beginning the low and winding road to disbanding, paul mccartney came up with the idea of the band reaching back to its roots. the plan was for the band to abandon the studio trickery and return to playing as a four man rock band, get back on the road and capture that magic feeling of sweet dreams that fueled their rise to stardom in the first place. get back to where they once belonged.

 it didn't work for the beatles, at least not as a band, but it did work for the four men as individuals.

but, i believe it's going to work for me, barbecue and this blog. i'm going back to where i once belonged. i'm going to take you with me. i'm not letting the lack of redesign stop me from posting anymore. i'm not going to let an old topic stop me from writing about it again. looking back, some of the posts are over 6 years old. so even if i wrote about it in the past, i might cover it again. i must have learned something in all those years.

i'm going back to working on this blog when i'm in the mood to write and when i'm not. i've found in the past that the routine of writing is work at first, then discipline, then routine. the trick is to keep the routine from becoming banal, boring and tedious. but hell, i'm going to give it a shot. 
so, starting monday, we're going back to basics. wood. fire. meat. spices. sauce.brines. equipment. my witty jocular and droll writing. my attempts at video and photography. maybe even some music when i'm in the mood. i bet you all can't wait. i know you like me. you really like me. labels: barbecue, barbeque, basics, bbq, blogging, writing



posted by whitetrashbbq @ 11:36 am
3 comments










about me

name:  whitetrashbbq 
location:  brooklyn, new york, united states 
view my complete profile




links i frequent
the kansas city barbeque society
the new england bbq society 
the mid atlantic bbq association
 the hampton smoker 
 your guide to bbq joints in boston, new york and everywhere in between 

 the pickled pig forums
 bbq-4-u forums 
 national bbq news forums 
the virtual weber bullet

 homebbq.com 
 edible brooklyn  
 bbqtv.com the source for bbq competition coverage, cooking tips, sauces, rubs, grills, equipment and anything to do with barbecue. 
 the bbq guy's blog  

 view my page on hot sauce blog 

  the bbq report 

 visit the ghetto gourmet

follow this blog


links to explore
bbq sauce reviews
ribs within
macdaddy's grill
mr. bobo’s traveling bbq all stars
nibble me this
serious eats new york
smoke in da eye
the barbecue odyssey
spicewine smokers, bbq sauce and rubs  
cooking for engineers
blogsoop 
bbqforums.net
food candy 
 bbq-festivals 
lenndevours wine & food blog 
 sweet nick's food blog 
homesick texan
the bbq grail
meathenge
mad meat genius
no excuses bbq
new york city food guy
lost nation bbq team  
ique
lakeside smokers
barbecue central
transformer bbq
eater
horizon smokers
the bacon show
plowboy's bbq
roadfood
kickass bbq
the baron of bbq
dr. bbq
howling hog bbq
bucky mcoinkum's barbecue
boss-man bbq 
four q bbq
q haven's ted lorson's blog
smoke on wheels
woodman's real pit barbeque co.
two fat polocks bbq
grub street
 cockeye bbq
 at my table
new york city bloggers
soul fusion kitchen
harleys, cars, girls & guitars
tasty bloggers
barbecue restaurants that i recommend
cooper's old time pit bbq
daisy may's bbq
eat at joe's bbq
hill country new york
kreuz's market
meyer's elgin sausage
r.u.b. bbq
rudy's bbq
smitty's market
southside market
waterfront ale house
wildwood bbq

click here to check outthe new york bbq lovers meetup group!

 
  
  
 








powered by groupable
who links to me?





bbq
food and drink
barbecue




check out..






















food
previous posts

meal planning.
tuesday's tiops
where's there smoke - there's flavor
this is complete indulgence  - a brain fart for th...
real cheap eats
wordless wednesday
shh, it's a secret
barbecue ingredients: ketchup
ternera a la llanera -- wherefore art thou?
wordless wednesday

archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
july 2011
august 2011
february 2020







 













 www  whitetrash bbq 












a service of
netrelief, inc.



this site is a member of 
the smoke ring
a linked list of bbq websites

next - 
skip next - 
next 5 - 
prev - 
skip prev - 
random site
join the ring or 
browse a complete 
list of 
the smoke ring members
if you discover problems with any of 
the smoke ring sites,
please notify the 
ringmaster






 
[ 
 previous 5 sites
|
 skip previous
|
 previous
|
 next
]

 this ringsurf food~n~more ring net ringowned by whitetrash bbq.

[
 skip next
|
 next 5 sites
|
 random site
|
 list sites
]

search popdex:  

ego vereor haud sus!

