


orange county regional history center



 











































































































skip to main content





  





museum hours: mon-sat: 10am - 5pm | sun: 12pm - 5pm


go to facebook (opens in new window)
go to twitter (opens in new window)
go to instagram (opens in new window)
go to youtube (opens in new window)

visit ocfl.net (opens in new window)









  

mon-sat: 10am - 5pmsun: 12pm - 5pm
mobile nav

accessibilityabout

our story the historical society affiliations around the museum blog awards and honors careers press & media contact
visit

hours & admission directions & parking purchase admission online events exhibitions

ongoing special pocket exhibits past highwaymen kids digital exhibition 
gift shop group tours
education

camps

summer camp 
school programs

onsite field trips outreach programs 
home school field trips group visits scouting america resources

history at home 

collections

explore the collection research information donate to the collection oral histories publications
support

membership donate volunteer honor a special woman in a historic way
eventsrentals

weddings special events corporate events
 
 








united arts collaborative campaign 
							 


courthouse cup 
							 


exhibition enhancements 
							 


explore our collections 
							 


ongoing, special, and pocket exhibitions 
							 


reflections magazine 
							 


make your event historic 
							 


sign-up for e-news  
							 












orange county regional history center 










plan your visit
the orange county regional history center, housed in a historic courthouse in the heart of downtown orlando, offers four floors of exhibits exploring 14,000 years of central florida’s rich heritage. a smithsonian affiliate, the museum also offers visiting exhibitions and a wide range of programs for families, children, and adults.
start planning 


 selections from the vast and varied collections of the historical society of central florida illustrate central florida’s fascinating past. explore our past

 as an affiliate of the smithsonian institution, the history center presents limited-run exhibitions of great depth and insight. on display now

 convenient parking options include the central boulevard garage across from the orlando public library, the history center’s neighbor. how to find usan evolving community resource


the orange county regional history center is working to build an even better experience while we continue to recover from the pandemic’s considerable effects on our resources. we’re deep in the exploration stages of fully renovating and updating our current exhibitions and seeking ways to expand the history center.
much has changed since the history center opened more than two decades ago. we are honored by our national awards, smithsonian affiliation, and accreditation by the american alliance of museums, and have spent the past several years researching and growing our collection to better reflect the experience of our entire central florida community.
we also continue to offer more diverse programming and special exhibitions on topics we plan to include in our future visitor experience. this work takes thoughtful time and care, and we go forward with dedication to building strong relationships across the community and engaging in meaningful conversations. as always, we welcome your participation and encourage you to share your thoughts through our contact form.

 




					coming up:  lunch & learns, family days, and more				




			
			upcoming events 		








discover




education programs

 
        
our school field trips, school break camps, and home school days are designed to spark creativity and enhance knowledge. we also feature programs for boy and girl scouts.
learn more about education programs 



historic resources

 
        
the joseph l. brechner research center offers researchers a wealth of resources about central florida, including more than 17,000 images depicting the area.
learn more about historic resources 



plan your event

 
        
don’t just have an event — make history! we have many choices for the perfect downtown venue for weddings, parties, meetings, conventions, conferences, and more. 
learn more about plan your event 


upcoming events




third thursday @ the museum

 february 20, 2025
 5:00 pm - 9:00 pm






lineage + legacy: scott joplin’s treemonisha

 february 20, 2025
 6:30 pm - 8:30 pm






crafting with hannibal square story quilters

 february 25, 2025
 2:00 pm - 5:00 pm






history alive: famous floridians

 march 1, 2025
 10:00 am - 5:00 pm





 
get involved



volunteers play an important role in our efforts to discover, preserve, and present central florida’s fascinating history. join us!
learn more  about getting involved 





around the museum blog



 

 
21
jan

 
rediscovering ethel after a decade-long quest that began with a hidden grave marker, the volunteer wekiva wilderness trust is bringing to light the story of a lost town near rock springs. by don philpott ethel is one of florida’s many forgotten communities that once flourished and then disappeared  in the mists of read more about rediscovering ethel 


 

 
20
dec

 
orange county library system genealogy classes for january 2025 is one of your new year goals to learn more about your family’s history? orange county library system is a great resource for your genealogy research offering a full slate of events each month. we’re pleased to bring you the schedule each month here on our blog. for more information read more about orange county library system genealogy classes for january 2025 


 

 
19
nov

 
learn how fold3 can help you explore military records military records can give you valuable insight as you explore your family’s history. orange county library system can help you explore resources to do that as well as other genealogy research methods. here’s listing of the classes they have available on the topic this month. for more information and to read more about learn how fold3 can help you explore military records 


 

 
28
oct

 
turn your turkey day into a genealogy research opportunity the approach of the holidays will find us spending time with family and that provides a perfect opportunity to do some research on your family tree. among orange county library systems offerings this month is course that will prepare you to ask helpful genealogical questions at the thanksgiving table. for read more about turn your turkey day into a genealogy research opportunity 


 

 
21
oct

 
“i like orlando!” lyndon johnson’s campaign rolls in to central florida by travis puterbaugh from the fall 2024 edition of reflections magazine on the morning of oct. 26, 1964, readers of the orlando sentinel woke up to a historic headline: “welcome to central florida, mr. president.” the occasion of president lyndon johnson’s visit to orlando marked the first time that a read more about “i like orlando!” lyndon johnson’s campaign rolls in to central florida 







what our visitors are saying about their experience







i want to thank the staff at the history center for my daughter’s experience this summer [at camp]. every staff member has been kind, talented and prepared – and helped nurture my daughter’s love of invention and creation. she deeply enjoyed the program. thank you!
ximena cordova palma




i just have to tell you what a spectacular time our classes had today! the kids talked about it all afternoon, and all of our teachers raved about it! how early is too early to book for next year?
teacher judy lindquist, andover elementary school




the exhibits were interesting and well put together. i particularly enjoyed all the information about florida’s citrus industry. exhibits focusing on tourism were a close second favorite. staff was helpful, and we enjoyed the optional audio tour.
halee pearl




great local museum! took our daughter when she was 3 and she loved it. she asked to go back and at 5 she loved it even more! if you live in central florida, or are visiting, you really need to check it out!
joanna bond







 
 
 











about the museum one of florida’s preeminent cultural institutions, the orange county regional history center advances its mission to serve as the gateway for community engagement, education, and inspiration by preserving and sharing central florida’s continually unfolding story. with deep roots in orange county, the history center opened in 2000 and is operated by orange county and the nonprofit historical society of central florida, inc. read more about our story.

navigationhome
about
visit
education
collections
support
events
rentals
news
careers
contact
our location 
65 e. central blvd.orlando, florida 32801 (opens in new window)

local 407-836-8500
toll free 800-965-2030


the history center is located in the restored 1927 courthouse at magnolia avenue and central boulevard in the heart of downtown orlando. parking is available in the library parking garage at 112 e. central blvd. across from the orlando public library. get directions and a map.
 






					copyright historical society of central florida, inc. all rights reserved.                


facebook (opens in new window)twitter (opens in new window)pinterest (opens in new window)google-plus (opens in new window)youtube (opens in new window)instagram (opens in new window) 











×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd



























close
print









				comparta su historia			

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.cuéntenos sobre su objeto: *considere las historias que ha leído en esta exhibición. incluya detalles tales como de donde proviene el artículo, así como también nombres, detalles y fechas que son importantes para preservar su historia. si quiere incluir uno, puede subir una imagen de su artículo aquí:




click or drag a file to this area to upload.



nombre: (primero, apellido) *email *emailsometer 


			×			





				share your story!			

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.tell us about your item: *consider the stories you've read in this exhibition. include details such as where your item came from, as well as names, details, and dates that are important in helping to preserve it's story.if you'd like to include one, you may upload an image of your item here:




click or drag a file to this area to upload.



name *firstlastemail *websitesubmit 


			×			





















































































