



bathroom remodeling | bathroom remodelers | luxury bath








































  







































offers
news
bathroom design
reviews
repair request

                            800-a-new-tub
                        


english

english
spanish
polish
french








toggle navigation


dealer








find dealer
            





baths

replacement
bathtub installation
bathtub renovation
new bathtubs
liners
surrounds
bathtub shower combo
spas & whirlpool tubs
walk-in tubs



showers

replacement
shower installation
shower renovation
new showers
doors
enclosures
surrounds
roll-in showers



one day remodel

master bath remodel
small bath remodel



bath conversion

tub to shower conversion
shower to tub conversion


walk-in tubs

about us

why luxury
microban

colors & patterns
gallery

warranty
financing


accessories
colors & patterns
specials
news
repair request






800-a-new-tub









luxury baths
within your budget










5.0
     
 

    based on
    439 reviews




get $1,000 off your next project *
contact us today for details!


offer expires 02/28/2025
                    




what is your full address?









what products are you interested in?

select product interest

                        bath conversion
                    

                        bathtub replacement
                    

                        shower replacement
                    
walk-in tubs
other



                next →
            



what is your name?



what is your email address?



what is your phone number?






by clicking get free estimate below, i am providing my e-sign signature and express written consent to permit luxury bath to contact me at the number provided above for marketing purposes, including through the use of automated technology, sms/mms messages, and prerecorded and/or artificial voice messages. i acknowledge my consent is not required to obtain any goods or services, and i can withdraw any consent i provide at any time.
        




                get free estimate →
            












    
















why luxury bath








flexible financing plans
luxury bath offers a variety of convenient payment plans that make your new bath remodel quick and affordable.
learn more











design center
get inspired by using our bath designer tool to visualize your new bath/shower area from luxury bath.
create your dream bath











luxury bath difference
learn about some of the unique features of bath & shower solutions from luxury bath.
learn more












custom fitted
every project is precisely measured and manufactured to your specific space to guarantee a perfect fit.









one day remodel
luxury bath can install a new shower, tub, surround and fixtures in as little as one day.










microban antimicrobial product protection
microban inhibits the growth of odor and stain causing bacteria, mold and mildew on the surface of our acrylic systems.
learn more









luxury bath transformations






view more transformations →








about luxury bath
we offer a wide selection of solutions for your bathroom remodeling needs. you can also enjoy a complete installation of your new luxury bath system in as little as one day, from start to finish. all of our products are infused with microban® protection, which actively inhibits odor and stain causing bacteria, mold and mildew from reproducing. you can count on luxury bath for the beautiful, affordable bathroom you’ve been looking for. 
learn more →






luxury bath blog




shower seating types. which is right for you?

11/30/2023
as you remodel your shower, you’ll discover that there are many options available to you. one option is shower seating. if you want to have a seat in your shower, then you’ll...
continue reading





bath accessories that make the most of your space

11/13/2023
remodeling your shower provides the perfect opportunity to make the most of your space. you might have some idea about the type of bathtub or shower that you want, the design,...
continue reading





how to decide between a walk-in shower and walk-in tub

10/30/2023
are you planning to remodel your bathroom for improved accessibility? would a walk-in shower fit your needs best, or do you prefer a walk-in tub? this is an important decision,...
continue reading




view more articles →





customer testimonials











 the installers were punctual, courteous, profession and very neat. when they left the only indication that they were here at all was a new bathroom. 
richard b.













  very pleased with the entire process for our shower replacement. from our sales rep, aj, & to our installer kenny who did an exceptional job it was a great experience.  
jim y.













amazing renovation and tile work completed by peter and jeff. they were perfectionists, took time to clean up each day, and pleasant taking time to answer questions. 
beatrice g




view more →




affiliates


















schedule a free bathroom remodeling estimate today
to find your local luxury bath dealer, or to design your luxurious escape


1-800-a-new-tub

or

enter your zip code





















we use cookies on this website. we use these cookies to enhance your user experience, improve the quality of our site, and to show you marketing that is more likely to be relevant to your interests. we also allow third parties, including our advertising partners, to place cookies on our websites. by continuing to use this website, you consent to the placement and use of cookies as described in our privacy policy. if you would like to disable the use of all cookies, including those placed by advertisers, please use your browser's settings to reject cookies on this site.
accept all cookies


get free estimate




luxury bath

about us
offers
news
reviews
careers
dealer login
contact us




products

bathroom conversion
showers
baths
walk-in tubs
one day remodel
accessories




quick links

find a dealer
financing
warranty
repair service
free estimate
become a dealer
brochure
care & maintenance
dealer software




social






 

 





terms & conditions ·privacy policy ·accessibility ·california privacy · limit the use of my sensitive personal information · do not sell or share my personal information · site map · page top



© 2013 - 2025. luxury bath



all logos are property of their respective owners. 




*includes labor and product; bathtub, shower or walk-in tub and wall surround system. this promotion cannot be combined with any other offer. other restrictions may apply. each dealership is independently owned and operated. see dealer for details.

















































    


