


the best online bingo bonuses plus tips and guides to get you started














home | bingo guide | bingo benefits | bingo strategy | bingo glossary






best bingo tips















yelling the number that you need in the bingo hall is not the way of getting it. in most of the time it confuses the bingo gamblers around you and they might have some mistakes in they're card, and they might blame you for that. of course, you can yell at ease when you play online casino bingo at a casino online, but even then you must pay attention not to exceed acceptable levels of noise for your family and neighbours. in any case, that will not increase your chance to win any of the best bingo prizes.
do not burn the number on your card (when it is a paper card). some casino online
 gamblers engage in that card burning because they think that it will make that number the next one. well, it does not, of course.
when you play bingo you can never know when will you run out of money in your wallet. that's why it is always smart to buy your bingo table neighbor. when he will see that you ran out of money, he will remember the favor you did for him – and will buy you a bingo card, that might be your lucky one. and if you will win, give someone in your bingo table a “lucky dollar” to buy a card with. if they will win the next round they will be able to return you a lucky dollar (ten folds) – cause they have won with your bingo wining lucky dollar. gamble safely, by playing on one of the best casinos online or on your mobile casino or blackjack online. 


must read!








variationen von online-blackjackdieser artikel will einige der zurzeit angesagtesten online-blackjack-varianten vorstellen.continue reading... 


updates!

bingo glossarybingo has its own terminologies. you need to familiarize yourself with these terminologies. here is a quick list of some more popular bingo lingo.continue reading... 



latest articles

beginner's guide in bingo08/04/2008 03:00 pmplaying bingo is full of fun and excitement. the game of bingo is made up of cards containing 24 numbers each.continue reading... bingo history08/04/2008 03:00 pmbingo history from start to the present revolves around simple folks with simple life aspirations--to get relief from work related stress. throughout bingo history the game has been doling out such reward to its players.continue reading...  


random stories

beginner's guide in bingo

  08/04/2008 04:34 pm
playing bingo is full of fun and excitement. the game of bingo is made up of cards containing 24 numbers each.online bingo strategy: the edge to win

  07/21/2006 14:23 pm
any game has its strategy; including the game of bingo. when playing bingo online, there are applicable strategies that can increase a player's chance ...win bingo jackpots

  10/19/2006 14:08 pm
online bingo jackpots are a great enticement and incentive to everyone who loves to play bingo. learn the kinds of prizes in online bingo and how you  ... 





menu


bingo basicsbingo historybingo ball factswhy online bingo?choose a bingo sitebingo tipsbasic bingo tipstop bingo tipswin bingo jackpotsbingo newscourageous bingo players 96,000 pound jackpot wonvariationen von online-blackjackles meilleurs conseils de bingo 



search the web















advertisment













copyright © 2008 www.bingotips.com | all rights reserved
				 | let us know what you think
		 | partner sites
		 | site map


           







close




