
      the murray bank | western ky mortgage rates | agricultural loans
    




homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. the murray bank will be closed on monday, february 17, in observance of president's day. we will reopen on tuesday, february 18, with regular banking hours.  got it, thanks!  
      the murray bank | western ky mortgage rates | agricultural loans
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentthe murray bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking

savings, cd, ira & hsa

loans

mobile & online services

deposit rates



business


checking

savings & cds

loans & lines of credit

ag loans & services

treasury management

credit & debit cards



community


ice cream machine

community involvement

needline

playhouse in the park

soup for the soul

united way

watch inc.



about


contact us

hours & locations

careers

news

mission statement

our story

community reinvestment act public file



 search close online banking loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernameenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchthe murray bank 









loans designed with you in mind

lending options that are perfectly suited to the needs of a producer, a land owner or agribusiness.

tmg ag services






  











hands on + knowledgeable

you can count on the experience of the tmb home mortgage team to simplify your home financing experience.
explore mortgage options







  











supplemental funding for area schools

every time you swipe your spirit debit card, we’ll make a donation directly to your school district.
spirit debit cards






 play main slider/pause main slider 

free, basic, club or spirit accounts.

personal checking  

e-savings, cds, ira, hsa or kids & kash!

personal savings  

money management, wherever you are!

mobile banking  

get switched in three easy steps.

make the switch  

ice cream machine at your next event?

request icm
  

make decisions based on the facts.

financial calculators        invite the tmb ice cream machine to your next event!
it's a real treat to serve our great community. the tmb ice cream machine is available for community events – giving out free ice cream!

learn more or submit request   a quick glance at what we have to offer.  mortgage  thinking about a loan?  you've come to the right place. let one of our loan officers help you today!  tmb business services  looking for ways to improve your business
efficiencies ? tmb treasury management is a suite of services designed to help businesses fine-tune operations and lower costs.


see what we have to offer  contact your banker   
need to speak directly to your banker, set an appointment by phone or email. 

banker direct contact
     what our customers are saying...  "the murray bank is a hometown bank, they provide the same thing in banking that we provide as a clinic. it’s all about the client, going above and beyond or whatever you have to do, that’s what the murray bank is to us."
jennifer cagle, karen bailey and debbie wiles
watch video  "we choose to do business with the murray bank because the values that bryan and the murray bank have fell in line with our values. the murray bank saw the vision we had for our small business and that encouraged us to do business with them."
justin and ashley houston
watch video  
"i wanted to partner with a local bank, that was really important to me, because i needed someone who understood my vision for what i was trying to do for our community, and it just made sense that the murray bank was who i partnered with."
dr. reed jarvis
watch video
 play testimonial slider/pause testimonial slider    sign up here to stay in touch! sign up close newsletter signup   subscribe 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got it    options to make saving and earning a breeze.
personal savings | business savings    open your account in a few easy steps
personal checking | business checking    whatever your financial needs...
the murray bank promises the resources to help you or your business succeed.
meet our loan officers play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topthe murray bank 

facebook

twitter

youtube

instagram



locations


main office - 405 south 12th st

north office - 700 north 12th st

hazel office - 405 main st

cash machines



resources


lost or stolen card

financial calculators

reorder checks





terms & conditions

usa patriot act

privacy policy

phishing

forms & disclosures

©  the murray bankmember fdicequal housing lender 

  
