







home - acgih




















































































access digital library
subscription center
contact us
donate
not a subscriber?
login 

















                                            profile                                            

                                            join acgih® 

















about





about acgih is a 501(c)(3) charitable scientific organization that advances occupational and environmental health.

 


about acgih

historystaffdonatenews articlescopyright policyacgih copyright permission request 
 


volunteer leadership

board of directors

past board of directors & annual meeting locations 
committees

scientific committeescommittee operations 
volunteer spotlightbylaws 
 


company opportunities

acgih sponsorship programorganizational subscriptionsjob boardfiv on-the-road 
nonprofit oehs resources

allied industry partnerscollaborating scientific organizations 
 
 

subscriptions





 get valuable benefits that are vital to your health and safety as an occupational, environmental, health, and safety worker.

 


subscriptions

future subscribers

subscriber benefitsenrollstudentsemerging career professionalsorganizational subscriptions 
current subscribers

renewsubscription center 
 
 


awards & elections

nominations

awards nominations formelection nominations form 
acgih awards

john j. bloomfield awardrobert t. hughes memorial awardmeritorious achievement awardphilip r. morey memorial awardwilliam steiger memorial awardherbert e. stokinger awardwilliam d. wagner award 
 
 


member ethical principlesbylaws 
 

science





science this section has been established to help educate industry, government, and the public on what tlvs and beis are, and how tlvs and beis may best be used.

 


data hubdocumentation and data

notice of intended changesunder studysubstances and agents listingimportance of tlv and bei documentation 
 


policies & procedures

compressed schedule to tlv development processtlv/bei development processtlv/bei policy statementtlv/bei position statementconflict of interest policyprocedures for commenting on tlvs and beiscommittee operationsguidelines and services for authors 
 


scientific committees 
 

career development





career development acgih is committed to providing its members and other occupational and environmental health professionals with the training and education they need to excel in their profession.

 


access to acgih online learningcontinuing education

"the action level" program

journal of occupational and environmental hygiene 
bioaerosols resourcesindustrial ventilation learning

industrial ventilation resources 
in-person coursesnoise learning 
 


acgih academy online learning

learning passeslive & on demand webinarsprofessional development courses (pdcs)targeted webinar bundleswebinar series packagessubmit 2025 webinar presentations 
 


calendar of eventscareer

job boardsubmit a job postingcertification resources 
 
 

publications





publications acgih has publications in many different areas that fit your needs in your field.

 


publications store

new releases 
acgih signature publicationsacgih digital library if you need to purchase the digital library, click here.
if you have purchased and need to access the digital library, click here.

 


downloadable tlv and bei documentation

2024 documentation 
covid-19 resources 


journal of occupational and environmental hygiene (joeh)

link to joeh articlesthe action level program 
 
 

 













register for hands-on training on noise control



read more!







register today for acgih’s popular ventilation course



register today!






 








over 85 years of service to oehs professionals
for over 85 years, acgih has been respected for its dedication to the industrial hygiene and occupational and environmental health and safety communities. we have grown and expanded without losing sight of our original goal – to encourage the interchange of experience among industrial hygiene workers and to collect and make accessible such information and data as might be of aid to them in the proper fulfillment of their duties.






acgih vision
to consolidate a global interchange of scientific knowledge supporting worker protection and to prevent occupational and environmental illness and disease.
acgih mission
to advance occupational and environmental health globally by providing educational programs, scientific data, and technical knowledge to occupational and environmental health and safety (oehs) professionals in the interest of workers and the public.


save! get 24 webinars for one, low price!acgih announces the 2025 learning pass! this new pass gives you access to 24 live and on demand webinars in 2025 with exciting ih topics such as; noise exposure; chronic ih issues; selecting ih consultants; heat stress evaluation; ih student learning development; and more!purchase today!
featured events 




                        26 feb 2025                    


webinar – don’t forget the worker; stories of workplace safety & health: selected case studies
presenters jack geissert and max kiefer, authors of the acgih publication “don’t forget the worker: stories of workplace safety & health” will present this…
read more






                        3 mar 2025                    


fundamentals in industrial ventilation course
acgih’s fundamentals in industrial ventilation is a course that covers both basic and advanced topics related to industrial ventilation.
read more







featured news 




                        12 dec 2024                    


we welcome and say goodbye to our leaders
the acgih board of directors is changing hands. we welcome new leadership while saying farewell to accomplished and talented individuals. acgih is pleased…
read more






                        14 nov 2024                    


acgih & aiha launch “improving exposure judgments” initiative
occupational and environmental health and safety professionals take crucial steps to enhance protection for workers and communities against hazards – november 7, 2024…
read more








compressed schedule to tlv development process


read more





american conference of governmental industrial hygienists (“acgih®”) prohibits any use, copying, modification, transfer, hosting, publication of any acgih® intellectual property (“ip”) with, to, through, or by artificial intelligence (“ai”) tools (including but not limited to chatgpt, gemini, and copilot) without express written permission by an authorized representative of acgih®. this includes but is not limited to web-scraping of acgih® ip or the use of acgih® ip for training ai tools. in case of violation of these terms, acgih® reserves the right to enforce its intellectual property rights through suspension or termination of access to its ip, including suspension or termination of access possessed by existing licensees, and through litigation and any other manner acgih® deems appropriate.






















not a subscriber?
copyright policy
 



contact us
donate
mailing list sign up
 







privacy policy
acgih terms of access
 






                                                    enroll                                                    



                                                    log in                                                	














        					copyright© 2025 acgih, 3640 park 42 drive, cincinnati, oh 45241. 513-742-2020. customerservice@acgih.org.  
                            





        						follow us:   
	        								                    













by continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies, whose purpose it is to provide web analytics and measurements of visitor traffic and browsing behavior.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept





























