


home - dallas psychoanalytic center

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member login




menuinformation about us committees faq links find a psychoanalysteducation & training psychoanalytic training curriculumprofessional development professional overview event calendar continuing educationfoundation psychoanalysis foundationpublications general articles list of member publications newslettersdonations donate to dfp
















welcome
advanced training for mental health professionals
the dallas psychoanalytic center provides full training in the theory and practice of psychoanalysis to qualified candidates. the professional development programs of the center teach psychoanalytic principles to other mental health professionals and community members. the dpc is affiliated with the american psychoanalytic association.

the dallas foundation for psychoanalysis (dfp) is a non-profit organization that supports the center. it serves as a bridge between the center and the community and promotes a psychoanalytic understanding to help solve the emotional problems of adults, children and families in the dfw metroplex. thus, the foundation board is composed of members from the community, as well as center faculty and candidates.










looking for a therapist?
looking for a therapist is often a challenge. at the dallas psychoanalytic center we have a wide range of mental health providers at various levels of psychoanalytic training. many of our therapists also offer a telehealth option.

you may think that you don’t want psychoanalysis or you don’t know, and that is not a problem. our members can educate you on different options that match your therapeutic goals, or they can find someone more suited to your goals. 

a psychoanalyst may offer many forms of therapy in addition to analysis. their training is not limited to psychoanalysis. many offer in-depth twice a week psychoanalytic psychotherapy or once a week therapy. some of our members are also helpful for couples or supportive therapies. another important thing to keep in mind is our analysts have all been through their own analysis. it is a requirement of their training. that means they know what it is like to be a patient, and they can empathize with you.

taking the first step is difficult, but our members are highly trained and can be trusted. your contact will be completely confidential. please contact us if you are ready to take this important step to get the help you need.


start your search

upcoming eventsupcoming events




professional education

teaching and supervision of ut southwestern medical center students in the fields of psychiatry, child psychiatry and psychology
over 2000 hours annually of voluntary instruction
interdisciplinary psychoanalytic consortium (ipc) in collaboration with the dpc, southern methodist university and ut southwestern medical center
student associate program for students of the mental health professions and other graduate programs
















about us







continuing education








donate










find a therapist









foundation







event calendar












po box 670218
dallas, texas 75367-0218
phone: 214-471-5524
dallaspsychoanalyticcenter@gmail.comabout us
committees
links
event calendarpsychoanalytic training
curriculum
professional overview
professional developmentpsychoanalysis foundation
documents
committees
contact usshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









