 










home - enterprising women























































 
 






 


 
















 





 


 


 



 





awards celebration & conference
register here







diamond legacy award
apply here







hotel
book here







picture
gallery







subscribe today
print magazines







access
digital magazines



 





 


 




home






enterprising women of the year awards

 






back




class of 2025 award honorees






about the conference






register to attend the awards celebration & conference






click here to make your hotel reservations today!






diamond legacy award






picture gallery












ewtv






the connector






foundation






contact us





 





 













learn more and register here









read now









register for your hotel now!

















 







 





 


our current issue - winter 2024



• cover story: leading with heart: maril macdonald's unique blend of business savvy and farm wisdom.
• cover story: carol curran: a maverick of industry and an impressive history of growing entrepreneurial businesses.
• entrepreneurs of purpose: a special section in partnership with the women business collaborative showcasing 16 women who are shaping the future of business and creating legacies. 
• joan killian gallagher's remarkable journey of building the killian homeplace family history centre in her ancestral ireland.
• your ultimate guide to financial freedom, plus six ways visionary ceos can hinder financial success.
• navigating burnout as a woman entrepreneur.
• staying fit through every age and stage, especially menopause.
• and much more!










 





23rd annual enterprising women of the year awards celebration & conferencemarch 27-29, 2025
celebrate the 25th anniversary of enterprising women magazine with special anniversary programming and tributes—a historical look back on the past 25 years and future-forward programming to address the pressing issues women entrepreneurs will face in the next 25 years!


thursday, march 27

explore nashville tours - join other conference attendees for a fun afternoon with three tour options: musician’s hall of fame & city tour; whiskey & wine tour; mural city tour.
25th anniversary welcome reception - nashville-themed with southern food, line dancing and fun!

friday, march 28

general sessions, workshops, she’d moments, and hall of fame luncheon
honoree reception and dine-around dinners

saturday, march 29

enterprising women foundation luncheon
general sessions, workshops, speed networking
pre-gala wine tasting with women-owned wineries
gala awards dinner



read our award winners here


grand hyatt hotel, nashville, tn usa1000 broadway, nashville, tn 37203
for reservations: 800-233-1234 | group code: g-ewfs











 













































sharon hulce - titan 100 hall of fame honoree


			titan ceo and headline sponsor wipfli llp are pleased to announce sharon hulce, ceo, employment resource group, inc. as a 2025 wisconsin titan 100. the titan 100 program recognizes wisconsin’s top 100 ceos & c-level executives. they are the area’...	



read more












let’s stop leaving trillions of dollars on the table!


			by gayle jennings-o'byrne   it's unusual for me to be motivated by a politician's speech, still when vice president kamala harris talked about breaking through barriers during a live-streamed event at the 2024 apaics legislative leadership summi...	



read more












nc women business owners hall of fame announces 2024 inductees


			nc women business owners hall of fame honors the legacy of nine esteemed nc women who have made a significant impact on the business community. _________________ raleigh, nc, usa, aug. 14, 2024 (globe newswire) -- wendy coulter, founder of the nc wom...	



read more












faye e. coleman, phd presented with the albert nelson marquis lifetime achievement award by 
marquis who’s who


			dr. faye e. coleman lends years of expertise to her work with fec coaching enterprises, llc chevy chase, md, july 8, 2024, marquis who’s who, the world’s premier publisher of biographical profiles, is proud to present dr. faye e. coleman with the alb...	



read more












spencer-she recognizes three team members and announces new hire


			kelvin eades, syed imam and savannah smith earn degrees and academic honors; judith etiobhio joins team as operations intern birmingham, ala. – june 3, 2024 – engineering consulting and training firm, spencer-she, announces today the recent accomplis...	



read more
















 





awards celebration & conference
register here







diamond legacy award
apply here







picture
gallery







subscribe today
print magazines







access
digital magazines







hotel
book here



 




 





learn more
advisory boardpartner organizationssponsorsour readership









pages of interest
the connectordigital magazinesewtvphoto gallery









magazine
subscribe todaydigital magazinesprint advertisingdigital advertising









awards
learn morepast honoreesphoto gallery









conference
registration formhotel reservationdetailsphoto gallery









forms
nomination formdiamond legacy awardconference registration formcontact form
























address
1135 kildaire roadsuite 200cary, nc 27511919-362-1551info@enterprisingwomen.com









sign up for our apps today















complete the form below to keep up with the latest happenings!



your name(*)



invalid input




email(*)



invalid input







submit













 


 
















 








copyright 2024 | terms and conditions | refund policy | designed and powered by myra stacey of printandwebdesigner.com








 


 


 


 













