












aloha - aipa surf

































































skip to content



























































alohasurfboardscollaborationsthe legacy aipa journey chronology shaping an iconpresscontact




 





alohasurfboardscollaborationsthe legacy aipa journey chronology shaping an iconpresscontact










 


















 
consultationbonefishsupernova 1supernova 2descendantsdescendants 2aipa hawaiixtr collab 



 

















“i was always looking for the next wave...the next move” - ben aipa






























a …lost classic 
"to launch the sting collaboration between ...lost and aipa, we chose two longstanding, popular models, to inject the sting. working side by side with duke, we built these two unique spins on a pair of well known faves...the sub scorcher and the puddle jumper. we approached every detail, from the obvious outline adjustments and introduction of the sting, to the rocker, foil, fin placement and of course, graphic presentation, with painstaking detail. creating radical new possibilities, by incorporating the iconic sting into a pair of proven performers."
- matt biolos
 
 







shop the collab












































aipa invites all generations of the inspired to experience the blend and balance of an authentic surf legacy and connect with us on the journey to imagine and live “the next move”.























introducing...the modern swallow 




while everyone is chasing each other doing squash tail thrusters…we are focusing on our roots as hawaiian designer/shapers, so what better way then to start back at the beginning, at the precipice of high performance surfing,when ben aipa’s innovations were creating change in surfing. as the precursor to the invention of the sting, the swallow tail from 1972 was one of the most pivotal high performance board designs in surf history. the modern swallow is the first model from the aipa: descendants line and carries bens original swallow tail design forward into the future with duke's modern adjustments.




 
 







shop surfboards







































introducing...the b.a.d. fish 




the b.a.d. fish is our modern fish that stems from ben aipas og fish outline, “the ben aipa fish'' with duke's modern twist.... fishes have been a staple board from ben aipa’s archive of design dating back to 1970. evolving throughout the decades to meet the progression of surfing/surfers abilities.




 
 







shop surfboards
































































 

aipa journey


the aipa journey is a place we share news, stories and  all things aipa surf. shape the future, honor the legacy. 
























 

in the bay


a behind-the-scenes look into the art of shaping an iconic aipa board which has been passed down for generations. 


















 

a legacy of aloha


a chronological timeline on the life of legendary ben aipa and his timeless contributions to the surfing world. 



























































the ahi twin | by duke aipa 
the ahi twin is a performance oriented upright twin, designed by duke aipa, for his dark twinn model as well as other high performance twins and twinnies. the wide base provides loads of drive and the upright template and refined tip provide increased maneuverability over more classic twin fin outlines. these fins are ideal for increased speed and fluid rail to rail transitions.
 
 







shop the collab






















ben aipa | shaping an icon  



































 



















aipa gear 
surfboardsretailers
 
 











the legacy 
about ben aipaaipa journalshaping an icon
 
 











contact aipa 
hq: huntington beach, ca(808) 223-5662info@aipasurf.com
 
 











connect  


























































 
copyright 2025 aipa surf company. all rights reserved | privacy policy | website by unsung
 
 









 












