












organic lawn fertilizer - the best organic lawn care products - revive














































































 


  
























home

products

granulesone gallon liquidready spray liquiddog spot treatmentcommercial



how revive works

faqs

where to buy

buy now

about

blogvideo gallery



contact us





where to buy


how it works









problems with brown spots, dog spots, bald spots?
save your lawn while you save water.
revive is the solution!
buy now












granules

net 25 lbs (11.3 kg)

use revive this spring to awaken your lawn
covers 5000 sq. ft.

revive is an organic-based soil treatment made from a combination of soil wetting agents, natural organic lignosulfonates, and iron. revive allows water to penetrate deeper into hard-to-wet soils, even through thatch and mat. revive helps save water and solves problems associated with hard, dry, compact soils and the additional iron helps thicken and turn your lawn dark green.


granular revive is made with dpw (dehydrated poultry waste) containing primary plant foods that have a low burn potential. the result is a slow-release, non-burning organic-based fertilizer that saves water. nitrogen phosphorus and potassium 5-1-1.






 more info 









one gallon liquid
net 1 gal (128 fl. oz.) 3.785 l
get your lawn summer-ready
covers 4000 sq. ft.
revive is a soil treatment made from a combination of soil wetting agents, lignosulfonates, and iron. revive allows water to penetrate deeper into hard-to-wet soils, even through thatch and mat. revive helps save water and solves problems associated with hard, dry, compact soils and the additional iron helps thicken and turn your lawn dark green.
conserves water during times of drought, severe heat, and watering restrictions by wetting the soil deeper allowing your lawn to store more water between irrigations.
 more info 









ready spray liquid
net 1/2 gal (64 fl. oz.) 1.82 l
a soil treatment designed to save water
covers 2000 sq. ft.
revive is a soil treatment made from a combination of soil wetting agents, lignosulfonates, and iron. revive allows water to penetrate deeper into hard-to-wet soils, even through thatch and mat. revive helps save water and solves problems associated with hard, dry, compact soils and the additional iron helps thicken and turn your lawn dark green.
conserves water during times of drought, severe heat, and watering restrictions by wetting the soil deeper allowing your lawn to store more water between irrigations.
 more info 









dog spot treatment
net 1/2 gal (64 fl. oz.) 1.82 l
a cure for those ugly brown spots caused by pet urine burns!
revive dog spot treatment’s proprietary formula works with your lawn to provide the natural ingredients and wetting agents that will eliminate brown spots and produce greener results. revive dog spot treatment can be used to treat other brown spots caused by fertilizer burn, soil compaction, and heat and drought stress.
an application of revive dog spot treatment eliminates troublesome yellow and brown spots caused by recent pet urine and feces. you can use this product as a spot treatment or apply to larger areas where brown spots appear.
 more info 


















revive saves water & your lawn
revive “opens” up the soil so water, nutrients, and roots can penetrate deeper.
deeper watering + deeper roots =  a green, healthy lawn.















how do i use revive?
use whatever application device you use for fertilizing, apply after mowing but before you water, and you’ll have a green, happy, healthy lawn in no time!













revive – organic based lawn fertilizer
the secret behind greener lawns
organic lawn fertilizers have huge benefits. that is why revive’s proprietary formula works with your lawn to provide the super, natural nutrients and wetting agents that will produce greener results.
as the #1 water-saving lawn fertilizer, scientifically designed to make lawns green, we have more satisfied customers and are proud to be the science under their thick green lawns. to arm you with the best organic-based lawn care products we carry both organic-based granular fertilizer and liquid soil treatment.


learn more









how it works

 























need help with spreader settings?







 













revive works well with any organic lawn fertilizer
revive is the secret weapon for professional landscape & lawncare providers
revive water-saving fertilizers and soil treatment are the best choice for all commercial properties, hoa common areas, parks and rec., open spaces and athletic fields, and municipal turf areas. produce green slower-growing grass while cutting water consumption by up to 30%.
many turf professionals are faced with soils that are less than desirable. heavy use and high traffic areas become compact and show stress. revive solves this problem. getting water to the roots is the secret of revive’s success. its unique formula allows water to move deeper down into the soil, bringing organic lawn fertilizers and air with it. this results in much stronger grass roots that produce a thick green, healthy lawn. revive also contains iron to help keep the turf greener. revive helps compliment any organic fertilizer application schedule. if you think your soil is depleted of nutrients or soil microbes do a soil test and then apply revive to improve soil structure. revive along with organic fertilizer is a sure way to improve soil structure and strengthen the grass plant roots. if you think your soil is depleted you can do a simple soil test.
learn more






a natural lawn and garden using organic fertilizer
depending on your grass type, you will need spring organic lawn fertilizer and summer organic fertilizers that can provide organic nitrogen along with an organic matter to provide a super, natural environment for maximum healthy plant growth. most soils are not well prepared for season-long success and need organic fertilizers because conventional fertilizers do not work as well. oftentimes, beneficial insects, and beneficial microbe populations are missing. this can be caused by chemical fertilizers, synthetic fertilizers, pest control agents, and other chemical lawn agents.
the desired healthy natural organic lawn is best built with organic fertilizers that provide the organic lawn food in proper amounts to build better organic matter in the soil, like feather meal, bone meal, organic nitrogen agents, and other types of organic natural lawn food, all building healthy soil for a strong root system to withstand heavy use and dry conditions. whenever you apply organic lawn fertilizer to your lawn, do not forget to apply revive to help boost the effects of the organic fertilizer, this will ensure your soil will absorb all the nutrients of the organic fertilizers you use and result in a healthy lawn.
learn more












healthy soil, healthy grass roots
a natural organic healthy root system begins with great soil. revive’s organic fertilizer lawn food formulas are focused on building this soil foundation. whether your yard is an established lawn or newly planted, the grass depends on the nutrients it gathers from its root system. hard, compact soil makes it difficult to water effectively and feed your lawn. water and nutrients can’t penetrate the soil and get to the roots of your grass. applying organic lawn fertilizer is an important start, but adding revive to your regime will ensure that your grass grows thick and green! just apply revive any time you apply an organic fertilizer to your  lawn. today’s homeowner is much more aware of organic lawn fertilizers vs chemical fertilizers and other lawn products. revive is an organic soil amendment, which makes it a safer brand anytime you apply organic fertilizers. as a consumer, you have the choice of many types of organic lawn fertilizers. the “lawn booster” or turf builder you choose will likely be chosen after you do some research. your choices will include liquid fertilizer, slow-release fertilizer products, spring fertilizers, summer fertilizers, fall lawn fertilizer, natural fertilizer and winterized fertilizers. no matter the organic fertilizer, your soil is the key and revive is the answer to a lush lawn!
learn more

















© 2024 revive, all rights reserved


privacy policy
terms of service
 




 where to buy


 how it works












 





























