




eclipsechaser home page




welcome to the 
eclipse
chaser
 home page!



http://www.eclipsechaser.com

the totally cool, totally awesome, total solar eclipse web site.
winner of the griffith observatory
star award for july 5-11 1998.
sponsored "totally" by versacorp (tm, sm).


home of the 
eclipse chaser's 
guide to...
w

w!





and the 
eclipse chaser's journal

legal information
© copyright 1997, 1998, 1999, 2004, 
2006, 2008-2011, 2016-2018  jeffrey r. charles, all rights reserved.
most content of this site is covered by registered copyrights.
registered copyrights mcmxcviii, mmxvii, by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights 
reserved.
use of material at this site subject to conditions in versacorp legal information page (www.versacorp.com/vlink/legal/legal.htm).
latest document added: 7 october, 2018.
recent: total solar eclipse of 21 aug. 2017 from mackay, id: expedition journal with photos (171219)

newest: accessible telescopes: windows to the universe for people living with disabilities (181007)
upcoming 2024: fujifilm x camera (and lens) reviews, tests, comparisons
upcoming 2024: total solar eclipse of 8 april, 2024 (images and journal)





eclipse 
chaser

contents:

eclipse articles & papers by jeffrey r. charles:


new! total solar eclipse of 21 aug. 2017, mackay, id: eclipse journal with photos
newest! accessible telescopes: windows to the universe for people living with disabilities



eclipse chaser's guide / equipment & expedition planning

eclipse chaser's guide / experiments & data

eclipse chaser's journal - 1979, 1991, 1994, 1995, and 2017 eclipses

eclipsemovie home page: eclipse screenplay, other cool stuff

images: total solar eclipse photo gallery (popular)

images: astrophotography photo gallery (under construction)

images & articles: astronomy, optics, art, & other cool stuff

optics & amateur astronomy (astro gadgets, panoramic and all sky imaging, etc.)
proposals (world trade center memorial, etc., 2003)
 falsehood of cosmic doomsday myths: fact vs fiction in solar system
 (2008)


astrophotography and eclipse books and cd's by the author of this web site!

links to other eclipse & astronomy web sites

what people are saying about the eclipsechaser web site

general information about the eclipsechaser web site



direct links to specific 
articles and photos at this web site start here


the eclipse chaser's guide to... wow!
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.

eclipse instrumentation and expedition planning:

steps to a successful eclipse expedition (60k text file)
solutions to common eclipse related problems (20k text file)
getting your film & equipment through airports and to your eclipse site (40k text)
cultural reality at your eclipse destination; when caution may be in order (60k)
stay tuned for more!


eclipse experiments and data:

predicting the appearance of the lunar umbra at future total solar eclipses (40k)
techniques for wide angle eclipse photography (40k text file with ~250k of images)
total solar eclipse, 24 oct. 1995; incident light intensity graph (125k graphic)
list of contents envisioned for eclipsechaser web page (5k text)
stay tuned for more!


need images or information about eclipses for your planetarium, 
motion picture, expedition, or other project?  jeffrey r. charles performs 
science consulting in regard to eclipse phenomena and instrumentation.  
please direct inquiries to jeffrey r. charles 
(jcharles *at* versacorp.com) or click 
here 
for more information about total solar eclipse related science and 
engineering consulting.
links to other eclipse & astronomy sites

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents

go to versacorp home page table of contents



the eclipse chaser's journal
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.


part 1:  my first total solar eclipse:  february 26, 1979 (60k)

introduction: the magical allure of eclipses
first impressions of solar eclipses
at last, a real eclipse!
preparing for the eclipse
the expedition begins
a dream to eclipse all others
the morning of the eclipse
the eclipse begins
totality!
a great shadow show
third contact
lessons learned from the 1979 eclipse
when is the next one?
a more common type of eclipse
creating an "eclipse" with airborne and terrestrial objects
the "eclipse" begins
another try
home made eclipse simulations
researching the umbra
the long dry spell
between eclipses: see 
an astrophotographer's journal (60k)


part 2:  the big one; total solar eclipse of july 11, 1991 (60k text file)


introduction

selecting the site: mazatlan, mexico

eclipse preparation

eclipse equipment

the expedition begins

first contact.  the eclipse begins

the lunar shadow

totality!

third contact

the great cloud caper

awakening to the latino culture

anticipating the next eclipse


part 3:  the wild one; total solar eclipse of november 3, 1994
(in two sections, each about 90k of text)
section 1:


dedications

introduction

the experience of totality

making an eclipse

instrumentation and preparation

selecting bolivia as the country to visit

murphy's law strikes even before i leave home

the expedition begins

the perils of being a commodity

a hodgepodge of events

glaring inequality

getting to the high altitude eclipse site

section 2:


the eclipse

back to cochabamba

new friends: astronomia sigma octante

the campo

the staff and school children of colegio buenas nuevas

getting back home

reflections on an "interesting" expedition

afterword

section 3:

(this third section is about events in bolivia after 1994, and has no relation to eclipses.)
contents (exploitation, cochabamba water war, evo morales regime, coup of 2019, etc.)



part 4:  the short one; total solar eclipse of october 24, 1995 (50k)


introduction

selecting the eclipse site: nakhon sawan, thailand

an inexpensive way to get into the shadow

automating instrumentation for a short eclipse

the expedition begins

getting to the eclipse site

the eclipse

the great thai blanket caper

the culture, the temples, and neat people

riding the jet stream back home

reflections on a nearly perfect expedition

links and references to more eclipse articles



part 5:  the rough one; total solar eclipse of august 21, 2017 with photos (20mb, new!)
comments: it is envisioned that this material will later become separate (shorter) web pages.

introduction (site near mackay id, eclipse description, instuments, objectives, etc.)
sequence image of 2017 total solar eclipse (shows about 3/4 of eclipse)
eclipse images, 2017 partial phases, baily's beads and (outer) corona
eclipse images, wide angle of lunar umbra (comparison of 1979 and 2017)
360 degree panoramic eclipse site images (not during totality due to fatigue, etc.)
2017 eclipse light curve (full eclipse, plus totality detail)
eclipse preparation, instrumentation, and procedure (overview with links)
pictures of mackay, idaho (mountains, museum, sunsets, etc.)
deep-sky astro images from mackay, idaho (nothing fancy, but the sky was dark!)
appendix a: eclipse instrumentation (most of appendices a-e written before eclipse)
appendix b: camera, lens, and solar filter testing for the 2017 eclipse
appendix c: 2017 eclipse site selection (public webcams to monitor weather)
appendix d: 2017 eclipse chasing routes in and near path (west coast to mo)
appendix e: 2017 eclipse image and data acquisition procedure, timeline
appendix f: summary of 2017 eclipse failures (what went wrong, lessons learned, etc.)
appendix g: idiot proofing eclipse equipment (simple modifications can save the day!)
appendix h: another kind of eclipse: "local" solar eclipse of 5 dec. 2017 (by smoke):
the battle for our neighborhood block against the 12/2017 creek fire
appendix i: solar transits of iss (not during eclipse) and equipment tradeoffs
appendix j: references (data, webcams, etc.) links not monitored or updated.



part 6:  the iffy one; total solar eclipse of april 8, 2024 (partial eclipse, ha photos. new 2024)

introduction: overcoming three years of lost time, only to be thwarted (by frontier)

thust into being power of attorney for an incapacitated friend and veteran

uncooperative parties: bank won't honor documents, hmo wants to end him.
rescuing a friend from an hmo "death panel" (death panels are real!)
the hmo gets their hooks in my friend again, with fatal results.
relative priorities: eclipses don't care if you see them, but friends do.

several other friends pass away
picking up where i left off in 2020 on eclipse prep - 3 years later, in 2024

similarities between the 1994 and 2024 solar eclipses (and what preceded them)

telecommunications debacles of 1994 (by excel) and 2024 (by frontier)
of monopolies, and the false notion that capitalism is the same as freedom

goals of the 2024 total solar eclipse expedition
eclipse instrumentation (lens testing is in appendix of my 2017 eclipse web page)
last minute instrumentation changes to accommodate only a partial eclipse
2024 total partial solar eclipse images: sequence, partial phases, h-alpha, etc.

hydrogen alpha images of moon covering and uncovering prominences

appendix a: 2024 total eclipse image, video, data acquisition procedure (timeline)
appendix b: comparing my total solar eclipse instrumentation / results (1979 to 2024)
appendix c: equipment for a notional future total solar eclipse requiring air travel
appendix d: other (partial) solar eclipses. (total eclipse photos are in other pages at this web site.)
appendix e: solar transits of mercury and venus
appendix f: solar prominences of note imaged in current and past years.
appendix g: photos of falcon 9, etc., launches from vandenberg sfb, as seen from l.a.
appendix h: details about some items i use for eclipses (i am not paid to mention them)
other aspects of the 2024 eclipse web page are tbd for now.


part 7:  the next one: will you be there?

astrophotographer's journal:
before my first eclipse (1957 to 1979) and between eclipses (1979 to 1991)


an affair with astro gadgets

going commercial with the versagonal

life under the night sky

health care haves and have nots:  being a have not

visiting canada

new directions in astro gadgets
some parts of this journal are under construction
the part of this journal covering after 1991 is also under construction


stay tuned for more!


need information about eclipses for your planetarium, 
motion picture, or other project?  jeffrey r. charles performs 
science consulting in regard to eclipse phenomena and instrumentation.  
please direct inquiries to jeffrey r. charles 
(jcharles *at* versacorp.com) or click 
here 
for more information about total solar eclipse related science 
and engineering consulting.

links to other eclipse & astronomy sites

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents


go to versacorp home page table of contents



welcome to the 
eclipse
movie
 home page alias!

home to the 1990's eclipse novel and screenplay, syzygy!
future home to even more cool eclipse stuff!

eclipsemovie contents:
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.
eclipsemovie home page
(http://www.eclipsechaser.com/eclipsemovie)


eclipse material currently at the eclipsemovie web page:


parts 1 and 2 of the adventure/drama, syzygy


future material envisioned for the eclipsemovie web page

links to a few sites about human rights latin america

comments about human rights latin america


return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents

go to versacorp home page table of contents



total solar eclipse photo 
gallery
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  
all rights reserved.
eclipse images by jeffrey r. charles:  the following links are 
for eclipse images that are a part of this web site.  images 
of a given subject are typically grouped in tables which 
include appropriate captions.  a few of the images show 
interesting people and places encountered on each expedition.  
most tables are only 460 to 650 pixels wide, so they should be viewable 
on most screens.  some images are also referenced in various 
eclipse articles at the eclipsechaser web page.  licensing 
inquiries for images at this site (and for higher resolution 
versions) may be directed to sales *at* versacorp.com

total solar eclipses: corona


total solar eclipse, 26 february 1979: corona: diamond ring, chromosphere drawing, inner corona, middle corona.  (part of 1979 eclipse image document. images total 300k)
total solar eclipse, 11 july, 1991 (corona obscured by clouds: see "sky and horizon" section)

total solar eclipse, 3 november 1994: corona: diamond ring, chromosphere, inner corona, middle corona, extreme outer corona, polar to rectangular conversion for a "panorama" of the corona; obvious earthshine on moon. (part of 1994 eclipse image document. images total 700k)

total solar eclipse, 24 october 1995: corona: corona well before totality, diamond ring, chromosphere, inner corona, extreme outer corona, earthshine on moon.  (part of 1995 eclipse image document. images total 600k)

total solar eclipse, 21 august 2017: corona: corona well before totality, diamond ring, chromosphere, inner corona, extreme outer corona, earthshine on moon.  (part of 2017 eclipse journal and image document. images total 20mb) new 12/2017!

total solar eclipses: sequence of partial and total phases

total solar eclipse, 26 february 1979: sequence (full eclipse, but base photo taken well before totality).
total solar eclipse, 21 august 2017: sequence (about 70 percent of eclipse, with totality; part of larger document). new!

total solar eclipses: sky and horizon


total solar eclipse, 26 february 1979: horizon: fisheye photo sequence of approaching umbra; 180 degree panoramic view of umbra during totality (composite photo and drawing); photo of the departing umbra, showing obvious curvature.  (part of 1979 eclipse image document. images total 300k)
total solar eclipse, 11 july 1991: sky and horizon: all-sky photos before, during, and after totality; enlargement from panorama showing umbra before totality. (part of 1991 eclipse image document. images total 300k)

total solar eclipse, 3 november 1994: horizon: totality and horizon with 20 mm lens. (part of 1994 eclipse image document.  images total 700k)

total solar eclipse, 24 october 1995: sky and horizon: all sky photo of approaching umbra; totality and horizon from two 16 mm fisheye images; totality and horizon with 14 mm rectilinear lens.  (part of 1995 eclipse image document. images total 600k)

total solar eclipse, 21 august 2017: wide angle of horizon: totality and horizon with full frame fisheye lens, plus photo to southwest with similar lens. (part of 2017 eclipse journal and image document. images total over 20mb) new!

total solar eclipses: 360 degree panoramas


total solar eclipse of 11 july 1991: panoramas:  series of nine 360 degree panoramas! (images total 300k)

total solar eclipse, 3 november 1994: panoramas: series of six 360 degree panoramas of the umbra before, during, and after totality (part of 1994 eclipse image document.  images total 700k)

total solar eclipse, 24 october 1995: panoramas: series of six 360 degree panoramas of the umbra before, during, and after totality.  (part of 1995 eclipse image document. images total 600k)

total solar eclipse, 21 august 2017: panorama: single 360 degree panorama of 2017 eclipse site, but not during totality. (part of 2017 eclipse journal and image document. images total over 20mb.) new!

total solar eclipses: light intensity curves


total solar eclipse of 24 october 1995: light curve: (with comparisons to 1979, 1991, and 1994 eclipses) (images total 300k)

total solar eclipse of 21 august: light curve: (with comparisons to 1979, 1991, 1994, 1995)
also see the eclipse experiments & data and astronomy images & articles sections.
future images envisioned for this site:

high resolution 360 degree vr eclipse panoramas, including one of the umbra 20 seconds before totality at the total solar eclipse of 11 july, 1991.
360 degree simulations of the predicted appearance of umbra from germany at the total solar eclipse of 11 august, 1999.
360 degree panoramic vr movies of the umbra at past and future eclipses.  stay tuned!
video of the lunar umbra, diamond ring, and corona at several total solar eclipses.


total solar eclipses: instrumentation:


all-sky reflectors

indexing rotary camera platform and compact photovisual telescope

astro gadgets!  jeffrey r. charles' amateur and professional projects

versacorp telescope accessories, including the patented diaguider


need information about eclipses for your planetarium, motion picture, 
or other project?  jeffrey r. charles performs science consulting in 
regard to eclipse phenomena and instrumentation.  please direct 
inquiries to jeffrey r. charles 
(jcharles *at* versacorp.com) or click 
here 
for more information about total solar eclipse related science 
and engineering consulting.

links to other eclipse & astronomy sites

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents

go to versacorp home page table of contents



astrophotography photo gallery (under construction)
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.
astro images by jeffrey r. charles:  the following links are for astronomy images that are a part of this web site.  images of a given subject are typically grouped in tables which include appropriate captions.  most tables are only 460 pixels wide, so they should be viewable on most screens.  some images are also referenced in various articles at the eclipsechaser web page.  licensing inquiries for images at this site may be directed to: sales *at* versacorp dot com.


deep-sky objects (under construction)

deep-sky astro photos with camera lenses (film and digital)
deep-sky astro photos with questar 3.5 telescope (on film)
deep-sky astro photos with celestron 8 telescope (on film)
imaging nebulae from the big city (digital astro photos, 2011)

comets (under construction)

comet halley (tbd)
comet hyakutake (tbd)
comet hale-bopp (tbd)

planets (under construction)

venus
mars
jupiter
saturn

astronomical events other than total solar eclipses:

conjunctions, occultations, and other events of the late 1970's (under construction)

lunar occultation of venus, twilight (12/1978)
total lunar eclipse (9/1979)

conjunctions, occultations, and other events of the 1980's (under construction)

lunar occultation of venus, daytime (1980tbr)
penumnral lunar eclipse (1/1981tbr)
total lunar eclipse (tbd/1982)
lunar conjunction with venus (tbd)
conjunction of mars and mercury (less than an arc minute of separation!) (tbd)

conjunctions, occultations, and other events of the 1990's (under construction)

annular solar eclipse (clouded out before maximum eclipse) (1/1992)

conjunctions, occultations, and other events, 2000 to 2009 (under construction)

total lunar eclipse (tbd)
transit of mercury (tbd)

conjunctions, occultations, and other events, 2010 to 2017 (under construction)

transit of venus (tbd/2012)
transit of iss (10/2017)




links to other eclipse & astronomy sites

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents

go to versacorp home page table of contents

____________________________________________

articles & images:  astronomy, optics, and more!
registered copyright mcmxcviii by jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.
airborne astronomy & optical communication, astrophotography, comets, model railroading, unusual darkroom techniques, wide angle photography, & other cool stuff



technical articles & papers by jeffrey r. charles:

airborne astronomy & optical communication:


alat - airborne large aperture telescope.
a ~3 meter telescope (or array of telescopes) deployed at ~21 km altitude on a multiple-function lighter than air platform. 
(40k text file)


ardoc - airborne relay for deep-space optical communication. 
(major part of alat paper; 40k text file).


spin-off applications for lta (lighter than air) related technology. 
(part of alat paper; 40k text file).


pdf file of entire alat paper, a previous ardoc paper, and all related illustrations. (1.6 mb).

optics & amateur astronomy:

accessible telescopes: windows to the universe for people living with disabilities (new! 10/2018)(1.8mb pdf file. describes several designs for wheelchair-accessible telescopes, plus ways that existing telescopes can be modified to be accessible. also includes a few brief telescope reviews.)

adventures in astrophotography with a small telescope.
this paper includes an 
astrophotography exposure guide and step by step instructions for 
off-axis guided astrophotography 35k text file (linked images will be added later)

astronomical images, acquired from within 10 meters of shielded streetlight (20k html file with 500k of linked images)

astro gadgets!  jeffrey r. charles' amateur and professional projects (20k text file plus 300k of linked images)
flip mirrors and other optical image switching systems.
this paper begins with a history of image switching system (flip mirror, etc.) development for astronomical telescopes, including the development of the versacorp versagonal as an amateur project in 1982.  it focuses on the use of flip mirrors and other image switching systems for subject acquisition and convenient switching between visual and photographic use of a telescope or other optical system.  some systems, such as the patented versacorp diaguider, combine the functions of a flip mirror and off-axis guider.  most of this document is under construction.

astro images: images are envisioned to include: comet hyakutake with 300 mm lens; comet hale-bopp with 300 mm lens; summer milky way with 16 mm fisheye lens; m42 with celestron 8" sct; deep-sky & other astro photos with questar 3.5. (from 1988 rtmc presentation) total lunar eclipse of 6 sept. 1979 with celestron 90 mm f/11 maksutov; dark total lunar eclipse of 1982 in front of starry background with 105 mm lens. (under construction)
images of astrphotography equipment: images are envisioned to include: small telescopes set up for astrophotography; versacorp diaguider; versagonal (1982 amateur prototype); versacorp versagonal. (under construction)
panoramic, all-sky, and full sphere imaging:

part 1: converting a panorama to a circular image and vice versa - without a computer! (60k text file) (linked graphics and images will be added later)
part 2: 
all-sky reflector with "invisible" axial camera support 
(30k text file plus ~400k of linked graphics)
part 3: techniques for wide angle eclipse photography (30k text file with ~250k of images)
part 4: fun with wide angle optics (most of this document is under construction.)

more wide angle images: images are envisioned to include: photos with axial strut all-sky reflectors (from 1987 rtmc presentation.  under construction.)
more images of wide angle instrumentation: images are envisioned to include: cassegrain omniramic (tm) reflector with axial secondary support strut; all-sky reflector with axial camera support strut (under construction.)
looking for wide angle optics and related instrumentation?  versacorp offers instruments such as patented axial strut wide angle reflectors and indexing rotary camera platforms for taking 360 degree panoramic images.


model railroading

taubenberg rail park: an ho 
model railroad on 1m x 1.25 m industrial shelving - a real space saver! 
(30k text file plus 200k of linked images)

proposals


preliminary proposal for rebuilding the new york world trade center site, 
a paper that presents concepts and designs for infrastructure and memorials that may 
be applicable to rebuilding at the new york wtc site, with emphasis on construction 
that increases resistance to attack. (260k pdf file)


proposed design for world trade center / september 11 memorial at new york wtc site. 
this paper presents a specific memorial design for the world trade center site that is compatible 
with the lmdc-selected libeskind site plan and the mission statement, guiding principles, 
and program elements for the wtc memorial competition. (900k pdf file, posted 8 sept., 2003)


xga size screen saver image of jeffrey r. charles' design for wtc memorial. 
(free for private noncommercial use by individuals, provided each user obtains 
it directly from the versacorp web site.)

historical events:


sinking of the steamship titanic, a 1975 essay by jeffrey r. charles, 
written for an assignment in high school.  includes more recent analysis 
about the possibility of delaying the sinking by counter flooding, and 
whether the titanic really broke in two at the surface vs. locally 
imploding beneath the surface. (40k text file)

science and religion:


the falsehood of cosmic doomsday myths: fact versus fiction in the solar system. 
the purpose of this paper is to ameliorate distraction and unease many may 
have experienced due to "doomsday scenarios" that were circulated circa 2008, 
some of which involve a so-called "rogue planet".  specifically, the 
somewhat long document demonstrates that, based on the current state of the solar 
system and the laws of physics, many predicted "doomsday scenarios" 
are mere fantasy, won't happen "on cue", and in fact cannot happen, particularly in the near term time frame most proponents predict. it is different from my other papers, but necessary because it appears that more and more people are being influenced by false "doomsday scenarios", and this trend has to stop.

the paper is intended to neutralize the impact false doomsday scenarios may potentially have on people, specifically in the church, where there are at 
least two "lines of defense" (spiritual and intellectual) against such 
"false teaching".  the paper emphasizes religious arguments against many 
"popular" doomsday scenarios, but also addresses secular concerns 
about such far-fetched, false predictions.  this is because the so-called 
"science" in a vast majority of such predictions is flawed in obvious ways. 
the paper was first presented on 22 august, 2008, in downey, california. 
the linked file is only in draft form. (900kb pdf file)

new! performing arts works
poems, lyrics, and musical compositions.
(please see licensing contact info and conditions of use at www.versacorp.com web site, and, in some cases, summarized on each work.)


who will cry for humanity (2010)
a tribute to victims of war and terrorism, with emphasis on 9/11.

new! product reviews reviews of products that may relate to above articles, etc.
(opinions or conclusions expressed are the private opinions, etc., of jeffrey r. charles.)


samyang 8 mm proportonal projection (e.g. quasi-stereographc) wide angle lens (2009)

leica m9 initial review, tests and comparisons (2013) includes comparison to hasselblad-imacon v96c digital back.

leica m mount lens tests and comparisons (2015) addition to leica m9 review web page
(in work, 2024:) fujifilm x camera (and lens) reviews, tests, comparisons

fujitsu p-2000 series laptop computer (under construction)

nikon super coolscan 4000 ed film scanner (under construction)

sony dsc-f707 digital camera (under construction)





all text and images © copyright 1997-2017, jeffrey r. charles or specified organizations.


books and multimedia by versacorp or versacorp personnel



books
books / cds / video








practical astrophotography,
a book by jeffrey r. charles
(isbn 1-85233-023-6)
published by: 
springer-verlag
as part of the "practical astronomy" series.
available at popular book stores, including border books / 
amazon.com

this informative book captures the effective ways jeffrey charles learned 
astrophotography, sometimes through trial and error.  included are many tips 
about photography of planets, nebulae, eclipses, and more, plus a sample check 
list for travel and an astrophotography exposure guide. covers use of a wide 
range of telescopes and camera lenses, but focuses on what can be done with small 
aperture scopes because these are what many people have. it emphasizes film photography (written before digital astrophotography was very affordable), but many of its tips also apply to digital imaging. if you like astrophotography related articles at this web site, you'll really like this book!



eclipse chaser's guide to ...wow
by jeffrey r. charles
cd: navagable cd of eclipse chaser web site, plus 
high resolution 360 deg. vr eclipse site images.
(updated version should be available late 2018.)
video: an eclipse video is unlikely, partly because the first 4 eclipses were shot in analog sd video, and there is little 2017 footage of anything but the eclipse itself. a 2-hour digitally edited chronicle of 5 total solar eclipse expeditions had been planned. if a video is made, it may just be posted on a video site, preceded by video ad, but not banner overlays.
book: a hard copy book is unlikely, partly because printing costs are high for a book with images that could rival large hdtv and computer displays.
available now from versacorp:
cd: eclipsechaser web site (with extra images): $19.95 including conus shipping. an updated version (larger pix) may be available in late 2018.
click here 
to see larger image of cd cover.
prices and availability subject to change w/o notice.





all text, images, and other content (except indicated quotations from 
others) © copyright 1975-2006 jeffrey r. charles, all rights reserved.  
use of material at this or associated web sites is subject to certain 
terms and conditions.  in downloading material 
from this web page or transferring said material from a cache, you are 
deemed to have agreed to these terms and conditions.  unless noted 
otherwise, high resolution prints of images may be purchased from 
jeffrey r. charles. please e-mail inquiries to jcharles *at* versacorp.com









need information about eclipses for your planetarium, 
motion picture, or other project?  jeffrey r. charles performs 
science consulting in regard to eclipse phenomena and instrumentation.  
please direct inquiries to jeffrey r. charles 
(jcharles *at* versacorp.com) or click 
here 
for more information about total solar eclipse and astronomy 
related engineering consulting and optical instrumentation.

links to other eclipse & astronomy sites

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents

go to versacorp home page table of contents
___________________________________________

links to other eclipse & astronomy web sites
(links are not regularly checked or updated, so some may no longer work.)

eclipse images and technical information

fred espenak's nasa gsfc eclipse web site

fred espenak's eclipse link web page

fred espenak's personal eclipse web site
sky publishing eclipse page
kalmbach/astronomy eclipse links page

eclipse images



highlights from staigerland's live feb. 26, 1998 eclipse webcast


1998 eclipse images by astrophotographer bob yen

links to and documents about more recent solar eclipse observations are under construction.


eclipse articles and journals

tbd eclipse web site for 2017 (and later) eclipses

msnbc 1998 eclipse web page
mary j. pitzer's astronomy page at the mining company


eclipse & astronomy instruments, consulting, engineering
versacorp engineering

latin american astronomical organizations

astronomia sigma octante, (aso) an astronomical research center in cochabamba, bolivia. 
click here to see their home page!

click 
here to see a brief abstract about aso.



astrophotos

gary stevens' astrophotography web site
other astrophotography links under construction.

satellite photos

purdue satellite image web page

current weather satellite photo (80k to 160k gif)





eclipse publications by other authors:
(title/author/publisher/isbn/comments)

chasing the shadow / harris & talcott / kalmbach / 0-913135-21-6 / well organized and easy to read.
observe eclipses / reynolds & sweetsir / the astronomical league / 1-886336-10-5 / good technical info.  also covers lunar eclipses.
the sun in eclipse / maunder & moore / springer-verlag / 3540761462 / includes some details about future eclipses through 2020.
totality: eclipses of the sun / litman & willcox / university of hawaii / 0-8248-1371-5 / good sections on the causes of eclipses and on eclipses in mythology.

return to eclipsechaser home page table of contents


what people are saying about jeff charles' award winning eclipsechaser web site:

"a goldmine of solar eclipse information and images from a dedicated eclipse chaser and former nasa engineer."
- sky publishing (publisher of sky and telescope magazine)

"just saw your eclipse chasers page! great site! very interesting!"
- j.k. (jpl)

"you must be down to about the second joint on your fingers after all of the work that you have done on your two web pages! very nice, i am impressed."
- g.k.

"i sure have enjoyed your mazatlan journal, you write beautifully!  it was so well written that it raised my pulse."
- c.w.

"your eclipse image is fantastic!  how did you do that?!  please tell me how i can do that!"
- m.n.


"i looked at www.eclipsechaser.com  -  very impressive, and fast!"
- j.w. (springer-verlag heidelberg scientific publishing)


"great pages!  thanks for doing it!  awesome!"
- l.b.

"an aficionado's dream come true. expedition planning, equipment, a picture gallery, and an eclipse journal all the way back to 1979. as this page says, "wow!""
- m.p. (the mining co.)

the eclipsechaser web site is winner of the griffith observatory star award for july 5-11 1998. 





about the eclipsechaser web site:

this web page includes total solar eclipse and 
astronomy related articles and images.  
together, these comprise an on line resource for eclipse chasers 
and astrophotographers.  it is envisioned that this material will 
eventually be available in book and multimedia form.  in order to 
allow expeditious navigation by persons with retrobrowsers (as old 
as netscape 2) or slow internet connections, graphics and frames 
are not used in the table of contents, and 
links to most articles typically indicate the size of related text and 
image files.  this web page is administered by jeffrey r. charles 
and served by ktb.  please send 
relevant e-mail to jeffrey r. charles (jcharles * at* versacorp.com)
.

the content of this web page is intended 
to be equivalent to a "g" movie rating unless 
specifically noted "pg" in a given link or section, 
so this site should be suitable for visitors of all ages.  
the content of first level (i.e. "direct") links 
from this web page should be equivalent to a "g" or 
"pg" rating.  please e-mail jeff charles at versacorp 
(jcharles * at* versacorp.com) if you find that any of the direct 
links have ceased to be equivalent to a "g" or 
"pg" rating.  thank you.
____________________________________________
use of this site signifies your agreement 
to the conditions of use.revised 14 feb. 2006

disclaimer:
no claim is expressed or implied as to the accuracy of 
information at this site or the performance or quality of products 
and services provided by vendors and service providers referred to 
at this site.  accordingly, jeffrey r. charles and versacorp shall 
be held harmless with regard to all direct and consequential 
damages which may result from using information herein or contacting 
or conducting business with any referenced individuals, vendors or 
service providers.  further, jeffrey r. charles and versacorp shall 
be held harmless in regard to any real, consequential, or imagined 
damages (and associated claims) whether said claims relate to the 
accessibility or inaccessibility of, use of, or actions suggested 
or inspired by any data, inferences, suggestions, techniques, or 
other aspects of material in or associated with this web page.
____________________________________________
conditions of use:


material from this or any associated web page may not be 
broadcast, published, or otherwise reproduced unless the following 
conditions have been read, agreed to, and complied with by the 
subject users, broadcasters, publishers, or their legal representatives.  
these conditions include the prior express written consent of 
jeffrey r. charles and the prominent display of his copyright notice.  
accordingly, anyone who reproduces, broadcasts, distributes, or 
commercially uses material from this or any associated web page 
shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms, conditions, and 
royalties set forth below and in the linked 
legal information page.

all text, images, and other content (except specifically indicated 
quotations from others such as those in the "what people are saying 
about jeff charles' eclipsechaser web site" section) are 
copyright © 1975-2006, 2008-2011, 2016, 2017 (registered copyrights 1998, 1999, 2010, 2017)  
jeffrey r. charles.  all rights reserved.


relevant legal mumbo-jumbo follows: astrophotographer's journal, 
alat, ardoc, eclipse chaser's guide, eclipse chaser's journal, 
and associated concepts, data, designs, images, methods, and 
other elements are the property of jeffrey r. charles.  all 
content is protected by intellectual property laws.  any form 
of reproduction or posting of any part of any subject or 
associated document(s) at web sites other than 
"eclipsechaser.com" or "versacorp.com", 
or any commercial use thereof (such as in a seminar, product, 
program, publication, broadcast, or motion picture) of data or 
other material in this web page, or of related material by the 
same author (whether said material was obtained directly or 
indirectly) without including this notice and without the prior 
express written and signed consent of jeffrey r. charles and 
all applicable contributors is strictly prohibited.  unless 
specifically noted otherwise, all material in this web page 
is the intellectual property of, and is written or produced 
by, jeffrey r. charles.  material may only be downloaded by 
individuals for their own private non-commercial use, subject 
to the conditions herein.  any use other than for private, 
non-commercial purposes is strictly prohibited.  use of this 
material is subject additional 
terms and conditions.  
in using this site, downloading material from this web page, 
or transferring said material from a cache, you are deemed to 
have agreed to these terms and conditions.  for information 
about the license and/or purchase of images and/or articles 
(or related book, movie, or technology rights) please direct 
your inquiries to sales *at* versacorp.com.
those wishing to use material from this web page in commercial 
or other applications not specified above should contact 
jeffrey r. charles at versacorp (jcharles *at* versacorp.com)

in addition to other indicated restrictions, the following 
conditions apply to all limited and unlimited use of all 
documents, data, images, or other material written or produced 
by jeffrey r. charles, served under or transferred from this 
web page or the domains "versacorp.com", 
"eclipsechaser.com", or derived from material 
therein, whether said material was obtained directly or 
indirectly:  all reproduction or use must be pre approved 
in writing.  all permitted use, reproduction, or affixing 
any part of subject material to any permanent media (including 
magnetic media) is permitted only on the condition that every 
copy or fixation of said material; is not altered, modified or 
defaced; includes references to this home page and the names 
of all applicable articles and authors; and that all names, 
patent notices, copyright notices, authorship notices and 
credits are either left unmodified or are prominently 
displayed in or immediately adjacent to each image and article.  
it shall also be prominently indicated on every copy or 
fixation of said material that commercial and intellectual 
property rights to data and other material therein are not 
transferable.  unauthorized use is prohibited.  additional 
restrictions may apply.  please see the linked 
legal information page.
return to home page table of contents


jcharles *at* eclipsechaser *dot* com



retro browser friendly site! written for netscape 2 and newer browsers.


this site is sponsored by: 
versacorp, sunland, ca, usa

please click here for legal restrictions 
and conditions of use applicable to this site. use of this 
site signifies your agreement to the conditions of use.
copyright © 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2004, 2006, 2008-2011, 2016-2018, 2024  
jeffrey r. charles, all rights reserved.

content of this site covered by registered copyrights (copyrights reg. 1998, 1999, 2010, 2017).
copyright mcmxcvii by jeffrey r. charles. all rights reserved.

created at this domain: 14 feb. 1997
last modified: 7 oct. 2018

links last modified:  7 oct. 2018

conditions of use last modified:  14 feb. 2006

reader comments last modified: 31 july, 1998
copyright notice last modified: 19 dec. 2017


return to top of home page

