


home - national association of rocketry




























skip to main content











share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome join the nargeneral about the nar model rocket resources educational resources rocket motor resources insurance sport rocketry magazine contact the nar donate donatesafety rocket safety model rocket safety code high power safety code rc r/g safety code safety officer programclubs local clubs club finder submit/change a club section guidebooklaunches find a launch event calendar register an event/launchhigh power high power rocketry hpr certification faa regulations filing faa authorizationcompetition american rocket challenge national competition international competition









welcome to the national association of rocketry
the national association of rocketry is all about having fun and learning more with and about the sport rocketry hobby. we are the oldest and largest sport rocketry organization in the world. since 1957, over 100,000 sport rocket modelers have joined the nar to take advantage of the fun and excitement of rocketry. the national association of rocketry is model, mid power, and high power rocketry.slideshowhome page photosvisit organized rocket launches

this is a great way to get into rocketry! there are 100’s of flights in a single day. the national association of rocketry clubs host a great many launches, these launches include model, mid, and high power rockets. check out the launches tab for upcoming events.

connect with local clubs

get together with rocket flyers in a nar section near you—participate in building sessions, launches, and more! your rocket designing, building, and flying is more fun when you have rocket flying friends joining you. the national association of rocketry will even show you how to how to start a new club!

liftoff with high-power rocketry


build bigger, climb higher and fly faster! as an adult nar member, you can become qualified to purchase and use rocket motors more powerful than those allowed to be sold to the general public! hpr certification procedures, tests, and applications are available. 

the national association of rocketry provides insurance

today, that perfect local launch field is likely to belong to a school system, park department, or private landowner who insists on being covered by insurance before allowing you to fly. while we’re proud of our safety record, it helps to know that nar members are covered by $5 million worth of personal liability insurance to give that site owner added peace of mind! questions about nar insurance, click here.
not a member? here are a few benefits!
high power certification


the nar is your path 
to level 1, 2, and 3 high 
power certification. 

get hpr certified!


join a local 
rocket club!

take you rocketry experience to the next level by joining a local nar section.

join a club!



attend a 
national launch
100's of launches in a single day, and you are invited to join the fun.

find a launch!

nar liability 
insurance

enjoy peace of mind with 
$5 million rocket flight liability insurance.

question about insurance?


sport rocketry 
magazine

published six times a year, sport rocketry is a fantastic rocketry resource. 



learn more!upcoming eventsupcoming meetings/events recent articlesnational association of rocketry news





join the nar
the national association of rocketry can get you connected to the cutting edge of the hobby so you can learn how to fly higher, faster, and better. as an nar member you will receive:

access to launch sites through local nar clubs
high power rocketry certification access
an exclusive members only forum.
sport rocketry magazine
insurance coverage for your flights


become a member today!member services


find a local club


find a launch


earn your hpr certification


member only forums


nar merchandise
grants and scholarships
insurance, questions, forms
report a rocket motor failure
sport rocketry magazine
latest nrc scoreboard
report a membership issue
report a website issue
national association 
of rocketry
po box 1058
marshall va 20116-1058
e-mail: nar-hq@nar.org
phone: 319-373-8910



become a member today!



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









