































physical education | cornell university







skip to main content



search:

submit search

search filters

search this site

search cornell







student & campus life homepage
toggle student & campus life menu


about scl


get involved


health & wellness


identity resources


news & events


residential life











physical education


main menu
toggle search form






home


courses


fall 2024


winter 2025


spring 2025


summer 2024




policies


fees


swim requirement


swim requirement dates & times


history of swim requirement


modification of requirement




pe requirement


adaptation of pe requirement

























homepage
want to graduate?
here's how to meet the pe graduation requirements:

pass 2 pe courses
complete the swim requirement




welcome
the cornell university physical education department is proud to offer one of the largest and most diverse physical culture programs in the ivy league. over 250 classes are available, taught by experienced and gifted instructors. over 5,000 students attend these classes every semester.
most cornell students pre-register for courses online prior to the semester. however, many individuals register during the add/drop period at the beginning of the semester. only registered cornell students will be able to enroll in pe courses during the fall and spring semesters. non-students are allowed to register for pe courses during winter and summer session through the school of continuing education. questions about pe classes should be referred to greg brown at ggb26@cornell.edu or 607-255-4286.


latest announcements





      swim requirement updates
    

as a result of covid-19, cornell’s swim requirement was waived as a graduation milestone for seniors who graduated spring 2020 - summer 2022.  students graduating in fall 2022 and forward will need to fulfill the swim requirement prior to graduation. the swim requirement can be completed at scheduled times throughout the semester for free: see upcoming dates and times



      all pe courses are now on canvas
    

the pe course you are enrolled in will appear on your canvas dashboard. please read all the information on your canvas page to stay up to date with pe policies, requirements, and other class information.



      deadlines for physical education and outdoor education
    

physical education course deadlines supersede the university course drop deadline. know your pe course drop deadline to avoid late fees.
















you can also fulfill your pe requirements through cornell outdoor education courses












coe pe courses
choose from a variety of offerings from cornell outdoor education.
coe courses














physical education
305 helen newman hall
cornell university
ithaca, ny 14853

contact pe


quick links


links

athletics
fitness
intramurals
outdoor education
recreational services
wellness








student & campus life
311 day hall
cornell university
ithaca, ny 14853

contact student & campus life


follow us on:














if you have a disability and are having trouble accessing information on this website or need materials in an alternate format, contact web-accessibility@cornell.edu for assistance.










