






white clay bicycle club


























































































about usgeneral informationpoliciesexecutive committeemeeting minutes#repwcbccontact usridesclub-led ridesout of boundsride leader inforide leader awards policypre-ride instructions & ride group best practiceshow do i pick a ride?minors participation rulesride cancellation policiesride calendarride calendarride calendar for editingeventsannual banqueticicle metricclub picnicdoublecross metricshorefire centurysavage centuryvolunteer appreciation join the clubsafety & education








wcbc icicle metric
saturday, april 5, 2025
early registration 
open nowlooking aheadregister now for luncheon banqueticy alternativeall aglowannual club member survey resultsclub kit sale:  order by february 14 for april delivery


let’s ride together! the white clay bicycle club offers a wide variety of year-round cycling experiences—road and off-road—fast and challenging, leisure and fun and anything in between, depending on which way the wind is blowing or how far folks want to go.









the club hosts 4 fully supported, organized rides throughout the year


in addition to our scheduled rides, our 4 major supported event rides draw hundreds of cyclists from near and far. come for the ride. ride for the challenge!











icicle metric
the wcbc icicle may be your first chance to stretch your legs on a long ride after the cold winter months.
april →





doublecross metric
the wcbc offers a ride that crosses and “doublecrosses” an entire state in 62 total miles over flat terrain.
june →





shorefire century
because of the flat, gently rolling terrain that the route follows, this is the perfect “first century ride“.
august →





savage century
many have enjoyed the challenge of the savage as a “ride of passage.” head for the hills and put your training to the test.
october →













wcbc news






news
february 7, 2025

new castle earns cycling honor
the league of american bicyclists has officially recognized the city of new castle as an official “bicycle friendly community”. the battery park trail and jack a. markell (jam) trail highlight […]read more → 


news
february 7, 2025

augustine cut off public workshop
the public is invited to a workshop regarding the augustine cut off on march 3. the wilmington area planning council (wilmapco), delaware department of transportation (deldot), and new castle county […]read more → 


news
january 31, 2025

club membership signees in january
thank you to the following individuals listed who signed up in january as white clay bicycle club members for 2025. a total of 31 riders registered to start the year. […]read more → 



read more









happy valentine’s day
“our love story is written on winding roads and sun-kissed trails.”

 ❤️ ❤️





get kitted up — order by february 14 for early april delivery
the wcbc collection contains a wide assortment of products to allow club members to choose their individual style and fit. pre-season order deadline is february 14 with first week of april delivery. 
buy kit →





let’s chat
join our discord server to connect, chat, and be social with fellow cyclists. you can also buy and sell items, post a pickup ride, or look for a buddy to ride any of our major rides with.
join the server →













#repwcbc
local loop? grand fondo? group ride? epic century? volunteer staff? backyard picnic? 
no matter what you’re doing, share your cycling experience and your white clay bicycle club look. then use #repwcbc or #ridewcbc with your photos.




#repwcbc
























50 years and counting

established in 1973, the white clay bike club rolls into its 51st year. 



kudos to us













we give back
wcbc issued on behalf of members its annual donations to organizations that support cycling through advocacy for the greater community and/or provide facility access (such as use of parking lots, restrooms and water taps) to club-led groups. recipients for the awards were chosen from club members’ nominations.  







































become a member today




enjoy the safety of riding in groups with people who share your interest in cycling.



2025 membership registration open now











pics from our social media

        view this profile on instagram            whiteclaybicycleclub (@whiteclaybicycleclub) • instagram photos and videos 










© 2023 white clay bicycle club. all rights reserved.




 












