



oriland - what origami can be!




















 






















home(current)


kingdoms


gallery


store


oriversity


studio


myoriland


portfolio





















origami canada land
visit oriland kingdoms!





albuquerque old town church
explore gallery of oriland designs!





oriland books galore
visit oriland store to buy our books!





oriland calendar boxes
print and fold oriland calendar box for 2025!






previous



next








welcome to oriland!
 oriland is the biggest, newest, and most imaginative paper world ever! created and folded entirely from paper without cutting and gluing by a stellar artist duo, yuri and katrin shumakov. enjoy their amazing origami!










kingdoms

like a gulliver to lilliput, take a virtual trip to oriland kingdoms - the most unique origami world ever! made from paper without cutting & gluing by artists yuri and katrin shumakov!









gallery

oriland gallery contains origami designs from oriland: castles, houses, people, flowers, trees, ships, vehicles, sealife and many more! all designed by yuri and katrin shumakov.








store

buy great origami books and collections that filled with diagrams of unique oriland designs by yuri and katrin shumakov! custom origami and souvenirs are also available.








oriversity

here you can learn origami - get to know the origami benefits, read lectures and receive practical skills in origami.








studio

try your hands at folding the origami designs from oriland! you will find many free models in oriland origami studio!








portfolio

get to know more about oriland authors, oriland exhibitions, workshops, awards and honours, press, publications and more.







featured exhibition - origami canada land


 

^



check out these fantastic origami books and collections from oriland!




 










































| oriland
 | oribana
 | katrin's photos
 | yury's music |



copyright © 1998-2025 yuri & katrin shumakov. all rights reserved













