



middlesex county magnet schools / college ready. career ready. life ready.

















































































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

east brunswick magnet school
edison academy magnet school
perth amboy magnet school
piscataway magnet school
woodbridge academy magnet school






sign in


search our site
















home
"



home



about us
"
coaches game reports for 2024 →


about us
calendar
admissions
academies
focus on technology
career and college readiness
cooperative education
industry partnerships
school locations
athletics →
employment opportunities →
about middlesex county →



board of education
"



board of education



career programs
"



career and technical education



adult education
"



overview →
online registration
apprenticeship program
cosmetology
customized training
full time adult certificate programs
practical nursing
teaching opportunities



athletics
"
covid-19
live stream
physical education survey


home
athlete information
athletic forms
coaches
contact us
online form submissions
schedules
summer physicals



alumni
"



new alumni platform →



district administration
"
coaches game report 2024
njqsac


administrative directory
office of the superintendent
business operations
personnel
career and technical education
facilities and capital planning
external affairs
instructional services
special services
student services and program development
technology
athletics →
employee handbook →



parent resources
"
parents corner
































































email







parent genesis







admissions







employment opportunities







calendar

















middlesex county magnet schools events





march 5, 2025

6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
open house | east brunswick, perth amboy, and piscataway magnet school





march 13, 2025

7:00 pm
board meeting change in date




view calendar



















district news











tracing a path of inspiration: woodbridge academy magnet school teacher of allied health and biomedical sciences, mrs. marie bowen

marie bowen's story is a testament to the transformative power of dedicated educators and vocational training. 

comments (-1)












perth amboy magnet school graduate lands job at google

since his graduation day, gary has been able to build his skillset professionally and eventually landed a job at google as a global solutions security architect.

comments (-1)












an unlikely connection between dance and government affairs

dana says “dance taught me about resilience and problem-solving. in dance, you have to figure it out and find a solution, you learn to find a different perspective.”

comments (-1)












magnet schools engineering graduate now works for navy

an early exposure to computer engineering at edison academy magnet school started kipsy quevada on a career path of service to her country.

comments (-1)




more 

















school news











winter 2025 "insight" newsletter has arrived! →

the winter 2025 "insight" newsletter is here! middlesex county magnet schools celebrates a thriving educational community! as we eagerly look forward to what awaits our school district in 2025, let us first reflect on some incredible achievements from throughout the district this past fall/winter season.

comments (-1)












fall 2024 "insight" newsletter has arrived! →

the 2024-25 school year is in full swing! by now, we have all settled into a routine, embraced the seasonal change, and enjoyed watching some fall sports.

comments (-1)












digital filmmaking celebrates 10 year anniversary

students in the digital film program at east brunswick magnet school have participated in more than 100 film festivals and their short films have been chosen as featured selections more than 300 times.

comments (-1)












summer 2024 "insight" newsletter has arrived! →

jul. 11 — as the end of the school year has arrived, and before we swap our books for summer hobbies, let us take a moment to review a few milestones our school district has reached this year.

comments (-1)












photo by magnet school film student recognized by school of visual arts in nyc

a photograph taken by a senior at east brunswick magnet school has been chosen for publication from among more than 200 entries from high schools around the world.

comments (-1)




more 














































































quick access


civil rights annual public notice

district newsletter

district performance report → 

employment opportunities → 

helping teens cope with the sudden death of a peer or loved one

hib contact information

lunch and food services

middlesex county covid-19 resources

staff work order requests → 














family information



expand all




helpme by stopit solutions



 
our school has enrolled with helpme, by stop it solutions. helpme is a technology platform to assist our school community with asking for and privately accessing a wide variety of help and resources.
the helpme app works by empowering students, parents, and staff to confidentially access help by way of three main features:


get help can be used to anonymously request help from local school contacts, including messenger, which allows anonymous two-way communication with school contacts and help requesters.


crisis text line can be accessed directly from the app to text with non-local trained crisis counselors


get resources can be used to search community, local, state, and federal resources and helplines


here is a short video about the helpme resource. 
use one of the qr codes below to download the helpme app. 
you can report a concern and/or access help by way of the helpme app or web directory.    

  

















statistics


arp esser use of funds plan

emergency virtual learning plan

hib self-assessment score

lead testing results

safe return to in-person instruction plan

school ethics decision


















































student-centered education
our schools offer a unique educational opportunity to students. our approach features small learning communities that enhance student performance and achievement. middlesex county magnet schools are dedicated to maximizing the skills of each and every student by creating a community that fosters educational exploration.
  
we are the community
nearly 8,500 residents from the 25 municipalities in middlesex county comprise our school community. we are citizens, parents, staff, and students deeply committed to career and technical education. we work with businesses, industries, higher education, public agencies, and government officials to continually expand middlesex county magnet schools' resources and ability to serve the community.






























































middlesex county magnet schools

112 rues lane, east brunswick, nj 08816
732-257-3300 


find it fast

user friendly budget 2024-25
mcms articulation agreements
civil rights annual public notice



stay connected

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
pinterest
linked in
flickr
vimeo
rss







site map

scroll back to top





the middlesex county magnet school district is an equal opportunity and affirmative action institution and complies with title ix, ada and civil rights obligations. see https://www.mcmsnj.net/page/9222 for more information











questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















