


cbc.ca - watch, listen, and discover with canada's public broadcaster































































contentskip to main contentaccessibility helpmenuwhen search suggestions are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.searchsearchsign inquick linksnewssportsradiomusiclisten livetvwatchlatest news arrowinside the pearson airport gold heist: document alleges well-placed insider key to $20m theftcrew rescued after cargo vessel runs aground on newfoundland's west coastallies appear to duck and cover as trump threatens canada and greenlandsaturday night live is turning 50, and some of its best moments have featured canadianscbc.ca - watch, listen, and discover with canada's public broadcaster loadedcbc homepagetop stories homepagelistenwhy more city-dwellers are trying small town lifehigh housing prices are reversing a longstanding trend. instead of heading for the big city, urbanites are moving to smaller communities like mcadam, new brunswick and reston, alberta. sometimes, it's for the promise of free land. listen now.sportsamid brewing political tensions, canada, u.s. set for next chapter in heated rivalry at 4 nationscanadalongtime sask. teacher and coach paralyzed after slip in basketball game receives outpouring of supportnaturehow do male chimps ask for sex? it depends on their local dialectshorts leftrightfeaturedfor youentertainmentlifestyleculturenewssportsindigenoussciencemusicmore top storiesworldj.d. vance meets leader of far-right german party after claiming free speech in europe 'in retreat'lifewhy some women are saying 'i don't' to unequal marriagesmust watchleftrightmore top storiesmoviesgrab your friends and the chardonnay — the new bridget jones is the best in yearssportspicking canada's all-century women's hockey lineupworldhow a meeting with donald trump jr. led canada's premiers to an $85,000-a-month lobbying firmmore top storieslifewhat's a 'good sex life,' anyway?worldhow mexican cartels and chinese criminal networks are moving 'cocaine of the sea' through canadian portssciencehow we get high: our bodies are perfectly prepped for consuming cannabisentertainmentwoman drops lawsuit against jay-z, sean (diddy) combs alleging she was raped at age 13healthyou probably eat twice the recommended salt per day. here's how to cut backlifeyour special 2025 astrological love forecastmore top storiespoliticsreach out and talk to your u.s. friends about tariffs, says ex-pm joe clarkbusinesswhy employers should do more to embrace neurodiversity in the workplacemusicthe 5 weirdest name-drops on drake and partynextdoor's album, $ome $exy $ongs 4 umore top storiesbooksjudith butler breaks down why people fear gendersportsanalysis davies's recovery sets up possible champions league clash with canadian national teammate johnstonartsthis nurse took a hotel giant to court over discriminationhousingtoronto orders creator of tiny mobile homes for unhoused people to stopsportsno women crack annual list of 100 highest-paid athletes topped by cristiano ronaldobusinesswhat's behind the death of the duolingo mascotmore top storiesmovies11 movies you can safely watch with your parents — and grandparents — and all truly enjoycanadacan canada just build its own cars? experts say no — here's why, and what we could do insteadlistenhow wired magazine unveiled the true scope of elon musk's takeover of u.s. government departmentsmore top storieshealththese 2 canadian farmers used roundup on their crops for decades. then they were diagnosed with cancercanadafrom booing to singing, crowds keep drowning out anthems at canadian sporting eventscanadacbc's new ceo says cutting government funding would 'cripple' english and french servicesculturecolette shade says the 2000s were full of optimism. 25 years later, she feels let downsportssummer mcintosh swims to new canadian, commonwealth-record time in women's 800mculturehow should we treat kanye west?show morenews in 7 languagesrci is cbc/radio-canada’s multilingual servicevisit rcifooter linksmy accountprofilecbc gemnewslettersabout cbc accountsconnect with cbcfacebookxyoutubeinstagrammobilersspodcastscontact cbcsubmit feedbackhelp centreaudience relations, cbc p.o. box 500 station a toronto, on  canada, m5w 1e6 toll-free (canada only):  1-866-306-4636about cbccorporate infositemapreuse & permissionterms of useprivacyprivacy preferencesjobsour unionsindependent producerspolitical ads registryadchoicesservicesombudsmancorrections and clarificationspublic appearancescommercial servicescbc shopdoing business with usrenting facilitiesradio canada internationalcbc liteaccessibilityit is a priority for cbc to create products that are accessible to all in canada including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges.closed captioning and described video is available for many cbc shows offered on cbc gem.about cbc accessibilityaccessibility feedback©2025 cbc/radio-canada. all rights reserved. visitez radio-canada.canow


