








toe by toe - a highly structured phonics-based reading manual































































 












follow us on social mediabuy toe by toejoin our parent's support groupsupport group






 homeour publicationstoe by toewhat is toe by toe?how does toe by toe work?toe by toe trainingtoe by toe academic researchbuy toe by toestride aheadwhat is stride ahead?how does stride ahead work?stride ahead trainingstride ahead academic researchbuy stride aheadstareway to spellingwhat is stareway to spelling?how does stareway to spelling work?stareway to spelling trainingstareway to spelling academic researchbuy stareway to spellinglearning resourceslearning resourcesprivate tuitionrecommendationstest your reading agefrequently asked questionstoe by toe in schoolsdownload the tbt certificatedownload the sa certificatedownload the sts certificateparent’s support grouptoe by toe resourcestoe by toe nonsense audio answerstoe by toe syllable division answerstoe by toe videostoe by toe synthetic phonicsstride ahead resourcesstride ahead videosstride ahead syllable division answersstareway to spelling resourcesstareway to spelling videosdownload the diagnostic testorder onlineaboutabout ustestimonialsnewscontact us



 homeour publicationstoe by toewhat is toe by toe?how does toe by toe work?toe by toe trainingtoe by toe academic researchbuy toe by toestride aheadwhat is stride ahead?how does stride ahead work?stride ahead trainingstride ahead academic researchbuy stride aheadstareway to spellingwhat is stareway to spelling?how does stareway to spelling work?stareway to spelling trainingstareway to spelling academic researchbuy stareway to spellinglearning resourceslearning resourcesprivate tuitionrecommendationstest your reading agefrequently asked questionstoe by toe in schoolsdownload the tbt certificatedownload the sa certificatedownload the sts certificateparent’s support grouptoe by toe resourcestoe by toe nonsense audio answerstoe by toe syllable division answerstoe by toe videostoe by toe synthetic phonicsstride ahead resourcesstride ahead videosstride ahead syllable division answersstareway to spelling resourcesstareway to spelling videosdownload the diagnostic testorder onlineaboutabout ustestimonialsnewscontact us

shopaccount0 



a highly structured,
multi-sensory reading manualhelping  children
understand
written textlearning toread and spell
the most used wordsgiving a
fantastic foundation
in literacy skillssupporting children
and adults with
reading difficultieshelps children
with dyslexia
learn to readhelp students realise
their potential & capacity
for learningover a million struggling readers helped with toe by toetoe by toe is a highly structured phonics-based reading manual to help anyone who finds reading difficult. it requires only 20 minutes of coaching a day and you'll see immediate improvements in your child's reading confidence. it can be used by parents or by teachers - you don't need to be a trained educator to help a child read with toe by toe.
our easy to use workbook has already helped over half a million struggling readers to unlock their potential. toe by toe is for anyone who finds reading difficult. this includes weak readers who struggle to decode or those with dyslexia, dyslexic difficulties or adhd. regardless of the nature of literacy problems, everyone can be taught to read using toe by toe.
since its publication in 1994, the toe by toe reading manual has taught over a million children and adults how to overcome their reading difficulties. don't take it from us - scroll down to read our testimonials!buy nowwho will toe by toe help to read?children with reading difficultieschildren who are behind reading agechildren on the autistic spectrumchildren with dyslexia or dyslexic difficultieschildren & adults learning english as a second languageparents who want to give their child reading confidenceparents who are home educatingschools looking for a literacy intervention programcharities that want to help poor readersbuy nowthe toe by toe reading manual is the foundation of our literacy programme. we also offer 2 further workbooks, designed to help children improve reading skills, fluency, comprehension and spelling following completion of the the little red toe by toe workbook.see how lives have been changed by toe by toeread just a few of the reviews and testimonials of parents and children whose lives have been changed since starting toe by toe. since its publication in 1994, the toe by toe reading manual has taught over a million children and adults how to overcome their reading difficulties.“before toe by toe, i was living in a deep dark hole. everyone else understood things and i didn’t. when i was given toe by toe, i felt a rope ladder had been thrown down to me. it didn’t have any rungs… i had to build them myself and that has taken time. now i feel i’m near the top and i can see daylight. i feel sorry for anyone stuck at the bottom.”
edward charlton (aged 10), nantwich, cheshire"toe by toe has helped my son so much! in fact his reading level improved 2 years and 4 months (in the 6 months it took us to complete). we began seeing results after the first two weeks. i remember my son telling me "mummy, i think this is working". it takes hard work and persistence, but results were amazing!"
ainat on instagram“my name is alfie. i am 10 years old and in my spare time i enjoy boxing, building with lego and reading. i am currently reading a book called shadowhunters written by cassandra clare. i am writing to tell you that i have just completed toe by toe. it has helped me massively to read more difficult words and i am getting higher marks in my spelling test so i would like to thank you.”
letter from alfie (aged 10), bradford, west yorkshire"yesterday, despite not wanting to do her class reader with me, daughter managed to read 'gobbled', 'husband', 'doorstep', 'terrible' and 'watched'. none of these words were even faintly decodable to her before tbt (began in may). she successfully used the tbt syllable division technique to decode and read each of these - what a confidence boost for her!”
lin gee on toe by toe facebook groupread all about david's experience with toe by toe.
linkedin.comkeda cowling taught so many dyslexic children to read - whether personally or through her toe by toe manual. many of them later went on to become experts in computer science:“being raised in a dyslexic family, it can be difficult to watch your child or family member struggle with dyslexia. however, there is hope. i personally struggled with dyslexia at the age of 16 and had a reading age of 6, but i was able to turn things around thanks to the book toe by toe by keda cowling.”
david fletcher offers consultancy and 24/7 infrastructure support for sql server & azure data centres.since its publication in 1994, the toe by toe reading manual has taught over 500,000 children and adults how to overcome their reading difficulties.
since then, further research has resulted in two more successful manuals: stride ahead (helping students improve their reading fluency and comprehension) and stareway to spelling (teaching students to spell the 300 most used words)."i have dedicated 45 years of my life to developing methods to help people with reading difficulties. during years of unpaid scientific research in the 1970’s, i created a teaching system that provides a progressive solution to reading problems. i call this system ‘toe by toe’, as the learning stages and progress are too fine to be called ‘step by step’."keda cowling, creator of toe by toe & founder of keda publicationsfollow us on instagram #tbtchangeslives











toebytoeanddyslexia








the festive season is here! as the days grow colde






love this post from @learnactivate 👏🏼

#dysl






our three literacy manuals - toe by toe for decodi






📖 💙 

#toebytoe #tbtchangeslives #reading #l






a #toebytoe testimonial from kelly wood, a home-ed






repost of @ardulearning 💭

#dyslexia #dyslexias






our stride ahead manual is designed to improve flu






toe by toe is a highly structured, multi-sensory, 



 





"one of the most important books i’ve ever signed. learning to read represents a significant turning point in anyone’s life and may be the one thing that makes a difference to help people in prison turn their lives around."jk rowling, inspecting the success of toe by toe working with dyslexic prisoners at hmp edinburgh in 2008our publicationsthe foundation of toe by toe is our three literacy courses, designed to help both children and adults improve reading skills, fluency, comprehension and spelling.a highly structured reading manual for teachers and parents.learn morebuy nowimproves reading fluency 
and comprehension.learn morebuy nowlearn to spell the 300 most used words.learn morebuy nowlatest newsboost your self-esteem month: giving confidence to struggling readersat toe by toe, we believe in the power of reading to transform lives. this february we celebrate ‘boost your…the importance of early intervention for reading difficulties in uk childrenreading is a fundamental skill that forms the basis for learning and academic success. however, for some children, reading can…success stories – lucia’s journeywe recently heard this inspirational story on flexi-school dyslexia‘s facebook page about lucia and her advice on how she learnt…





contact usinfo@toe-by-toe.co.uksales: 01274 598807support: 01274 5882788 green road
baildon
shipley
west yorkshire
bd17 5hlfind us on social mediauseful linksterms & conditionsprivacy policycookie policydelivery & returnssubscribe to our newsletterfirst name


email address


leave this field empty if you're human: © toe by toe / keda publications 2021

homeour publicationstoe by toewhat is toe by toe?how does toe by toe work?toe by toe trainingtoe by toe academic researchbuy toe by toestride aheadwhat is stride ahead?how does stride ahead work?stride ahead trainingstride ahead academic researchbuy stride aheadstareway to spellingwhat is stareway to spelling?how does stareway to spelling work?stareway to spelling trainingstareway to spelling academic researchbuy stareway to spellinglearning resourceslearning resourcesprivate tuitionrecommendationstest your reading agefrequently asked questionstoe by toe in schoolsdownload the tbt certificatedownload the sa certificatedownload the sts certificateparent’s support grouptoe by toe resourcestoe by toe nonsense audio answerstoe by toe syllable division answerstoe by toe videostoe by toe synthetic phonicsstride ahead resourcesstride ahead videosstride ahead syllable division answersstareway to spelling resourcesstareway to spelling videosdownload the diagnostic testorder onlineaboutabout ustestimonialsnewscontact usyour items
 
 
 


 







subscribe to our newsletterfor offers, news and support.first name


email address


leave this field empty if you're human:  






 











we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept

 





















































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 










