ï»¿



4tops document creation













4tops
                        solutions for microsoft access
open main
                        menu





download


support
                                






getting
                                            started


contact
                                            support





pricing











                    document creation using microsoft access

                    turn your access database application in a document creation system










                                use the tools on the new document creation tab of the access ribbon to set up a process
                                to transfer data from a data source to a document. supported are word, excel, outlook
                                email and powerpoint.
                        





                                dedicated template designers - the pane with fields on the right - let you bookmark the
                                locations in your office document where the data will be inserted using drag and drop.
                            






                                a wizard is used to define the differents aspects of the document creation process, such
                                as
                                - if the process should create multiple documents and how it is called...
                        





                                ... or if the created documents should be automatically saved, where, under what name
                                and as what type.
                                for example, you might chose to save a document as pdf.
                            






                                the created document fills the fields with data from your database. these may be text or
                                numeric, but also
                                tables, checkboxes, images, hyperlinks and even ole objects created during another
                                subprocess.
                            


















previous







next







bring your
                        access application to life
your database is the reliable store for
                        your
                        business data. by making the best use of it, automating the creation of documents for all
                        possible purposes, your business will flourish.
                








ease of use
create processes using the wizard, determine
                            location to to be filled with data in the documents using the template designers







completeness
create all types of documents from your
                            database: reports, letters, contracts, emails, spreadsheets, presentations.







expressive
fill documents with text or numeric values, but
                            also
                            tables, checkboxes, images, hyperlinks, charts and others.
                        







effective
all your document creations processes and
                            sophisticated reports created in a reliable way in a fraction of the time.







maintainable
the data transfer code is automatically updated
                            when changes are made to a template. the vba code that implements the process is fully
                            accessible and wel organized.







integration
keep your company's lights on with customizable,
                            iterative, and structured workflows built for all efficient teams and individual.



more info

getting
                                started: create documents in microsoft access
comparing
                                4tops document creation with word mail merge







 try 30 day for free








â©  4tops solutions for microsoft access. all
                rights reserved.


about


privacy
                        statement


licensing


contact








