







home - lambda legal
















































































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility




skip to main content


need help understanding your rights as an lgbtq+ person or someone living with hiv? visit our virtual help desk.












about ushistorystaff & boardjobs & internshipssponsorswhat we docasespolicy workissue areaspublicationsget involvedmake a giftattend an eventbecome a sponsorfundraisenewssearch


 donate 






what do we do when the lgbtq+ community & people living with hiv are under attack? we fight back.learn moreidentity documents checklist for transgender and nonbinary peoplelearn moreanswering your post-election questions about protecting marriage and family relationshipslearn moreunstoppable future: our campaign to win equality – a $180 million effort to expand our impact and secure justice for the generations to come.learn moresupport our workhelp us continue to fight for legal and lived equality for our community!donate nowwhere progress is won
lambda legal’s lawyers have won precedent-setting civil rights cases on everything from marriage equality to expressions of gender identity to health care discrimination. we have made legal history since day one, winning our right to incorporate. we then got to work using our knowledge of the law to fight for our community’s lives and dignity.
lawrence v. texasoverturning discriminatory sodomy laws, and changing what was possible.wilkins v. austinchallenging the policy that prevents people living with hiv from enlisting in the u.s. armed forces.obergefell v. hodgesbringing marriage equality to americans in all 50 states.b.p.j. v. west virginia state board of educationfighting for a transgender girl who wants to try out for her school sports team.our areas of expertisethere is no one lgbtq+ or hiv+ experience in america. that’s why lambda legal’s standard-shifting work in litigation, public policy, and education spans a range of issues that touch nearly every aspect of our lives. employmentfair courts family protectionhealth carehivimmigrationpolice misconduct & criminal justicereligious exemptions seniorsstudents' rightstransgender & nonbinary rightsyouthemploymentfair courts family protectionhealth carehivimmigrationpolice misconduct & criminal justicereligious exemptions seniorsstudents' rightstransgender & nonbinary rightsyouthemploymentwe fight back when members of our community are fired, harassed, and targeted at work because they are lgbtq+ or hiv+.
learn more
fair courts we combat the growing attacks on fair courts that threaten hard-won lgbtq+ rights. because our courts should make decisions based on constitutional and legal principles—not politics.
learn more
family protectionwe defend the legal rights of same-sex couples and their families, from marriage equality to domestic partnership benefits to parent-child relationships.
learn more
health carewe break down the barriers between our community and the health care they need, from medical discrimination to violations of personal autonomy.
learn more
hivwe won the nation’s first hiv discrimination lawsuit—and since then, we’ve been fighting to maintain and expand protections for americans living with hiv.
learn more
immigrationwe fight for humane immigration policies that are inclusive of lgbtq+ people and their unique legal needs.
learn more
police misconduct & criminal justicewe stand up to law enforcement that targets and abuses lgbtq+ and hiv+ people by challenging unfair criminal laws and seeking recourse when our rights are violated.
learn more
religious exemptions we fight back when religious freedom is wrongly used as a license to discriminate against lgbtq+ people and those living with hiv.
learn more
seniorswe defend the lgbtq+ and hiv+ seniors who face discrimination, whether they’re refused housing or denied social security and other survivor benefits.
learn more
students' rightswe work to make school a safe space for lgbtq+ students—so they can be unapologetically who they are.
learn more
transgender & nonbinary rightswe work to expand and defend protections for nonbinary and transgender people who face rampant discrimination and are some of the most vulnerable members of our community.
learn more
youthwe work to ensure all lgbtq+ youth are safe and free from discrimination and harassment, whether they’re in the hallways at school or in out-of-home care settings.
learn more
latest newsstay up to date with court cases and policies that affect the lgbtq+ community and people living with hiv. february 13, 2025federal judge blocks trump order targeting medical care for transgender youthin a victory for transgender youth, their families, and their medical providers, a federal district court today issued a temporary restraining order blocking enforcement of a trump administration executive order attempting to shut down access nationwide to gender-affirming medical care for transgender people under 19.  the nationwide restraining order prohibits federal agencies from conditioning or...february 7, 2025families respond to united states’s position change in u.s. v. skrmettifebruary 6, 2025lambda legal condemns ncaa’s “eager capitulation” to president trump’s transgender sports banfebruary 6, 2025lambda legal and human rights campaign foundation file lawsuit to block trump administration’s transgender military service banfeatured blog postsour take on key court cases and policies that affect our community.december 24, 2024lambda legal 2024 recap: 13 pivotal momentsread moredecember 5, 2024with u.s. v. skrmetti, we made history at the supreme court read moredecember 2, 2024what’s at stake with federal appropriations for lgbtq+ people and everyone living with hivread morethank you to our sponsorssee our full list of sponsors 




lambda legal can’t do this work without your support.
your gift today keeps lambda legal's lawyers in courtrooms across the country fighting to strike down these morally wrong and legally unconstitutional laws, and we need your support now more than ever.


this link leads off site$25this link leads off site$50this link leads off site$125this link leads off site$500this link leads off siteother 








abouthistory
governance & financials
strategic plan
code of conduct
staff
contact
careers
privacy policy




resourceslegal help desk
cases
legacy case archive
legal docs archive




newsmedia center
blog
video
legacy news archive






stay informed
add your name to stand with our team of lawyers, advocates, and allies across the country. plus, get news and opportunities for action delivered straight to your inbox.



first name required



last name required



email required


sign up








this link leads off-site.this link leads off-site.this link leads off-site.this link leads off-site.this link leads off-site.this link leads off-site. 



lambda legal | 120 wall street, 19th floor, new york, ny 10005




















help lambda legal defend our community by donating to our emergency response fund, bolstering the resources we need to oppose any anti-lgbtq+ actions the current presidential administration may take.
we have been here before, and we are not going back. 
this link leads off site$25this link leads off site$50this link leads off site$125this link leads off site$500this link leads off siteother 





				thank you for your submission			

thank you for playing a leading role in an organization whose unstoppable future is inseparable from the movement for lgbtq+ rights and everyone living with hiv!
a member of our team will be in touch with you shortly.
go back to form page


			close			

















