















lincoln heritage council | home - boy scouts of america

















































 























skip to content
































 scout shop




 lhcbsa@scouting.org |  1-502-361-2624









 menu


about us

contact us
district pages
employment opportunities
history
staff directory
annual report


scouting programs

join scouting
scouts bsa
cub scouting
venturing
exploring
learning for life
order of the arrow
outreach
volunteering
international scouting


new to cub scouting
camping & activities

events and activities
reserve camp space
our camps
adventure camp
aquabase
cub scout day camp
cub scout summer camp
scouts bsa summer camp
be a camp staffer


resources

safe scouting
beascout.org support
commissioners
cub recruitment
forms
unit & membership renewal
scoutbook, advancement, training & service hours
scouts bsa recruitment
uniform checklist


unit fundraising

camp cards
popcorn sales


support scouting

donate now
annual campaign – friends of scouting
bourbon & bbq auction
leadership luncheon for scouting
sporting clays classic
kentuckiana golf classic
community partners
planned giving


calendar

events & activities


search




























preparing young people for a
 lifetime of adventure.












welcome to scouting
we teach youth to confront any challenge with whole hearts and clear minds—to live their lives without regret, never back down, and do their very best! in kentucky, southern indiana, and tennessee, scouting has never been better! our programs and activities are a launchpad for leadership, empowerment, and confidence. scouting welcomes every youth (5 – 21 years) to a safe place to learn, explore, grow, and have fun!


become a scout








    cub scouts creates confident kids

cub scouts is for those in kindergarten thru 5th grade. cub scouts aims to teach kids skills and values that will help them later in life, such as problem-solving, perseverance, and being helpful to others. cub scouts also encourage children to make friends, develop good citizenship habits, and improve their sportsmanship. 







learn more about cub scouts








hike into leadership with scouts bsa     

scouts bsa is all about helping young people become awesome, successful adults by packing their toolkits with essential skills! we’re on a mission to boost character, citizenship, and fitness, while making sure scouts bsa are ready to tackle life’s challenges with integrity and a strong sense of right and wrong. plus, we’re here to instill the cool values of the scout oath and law, setting them up to be leaders and heroes in their own stories. get ready for an adventure that’s as fun as it is impactful!


learn more about scouts bsa








2026 national jamboree
july 22-31, 2026 | summit bechtel reserve


 
the national jamboree is a gathering, or jamboree, of thousands of members of scouts, usually held every four years and organized by the national council of the boy scouts of america. don’t miss this one-of-a-kind high adventure experience of a lifetime!



learn more







upcoming council events
join us at any of our scouting events. use our events calendar to find an event to attend.



view all









family scouting begin the adventure
if your youth is about to enter first through fifth grade, cub scouting is exactly what you are both looking for.

read more >



find a scouting unit near you
follow this link to enter your zip code and find a den or pack near your home.

find a pack or troop >



become a volunteer
experience the excitement of scouting with your child by becoming a volunteer.

read more >



venturing for scouts
venturing provides young men and women with high adventure outdoor activities, real-world leadership experiences, increasing responsibility, and a challenging personal development program.

read more >










about the lincoln heritage council

the lincoln heritage council is one of the oldest local councils serving both urban and rural areas in the united states. their first charter was granted under the name “louisville area council” in 1912. later they applied for and received permission to change the name of the council to “old kentucky home council”, which remained the name until 1992. in 1992, the george rogers clark area council, based out of new albany, indiana, chose to join efforts with their neighbor, the old kentucky home council . the councils merged, and on january 1, 1993, the lincoln heritage council officially came to be.
on april 1, 2012 the lincoln heritage council welcomed 39 counties in western kentucky, illinois and tennessee formally served by the shawnee trails council. the territory became the western service area in the lincoln heritage council.


read more









youth
scouting promises you the great outdoors. as a scout, you can learn how to camp and hike without leaving a trace.

learn more >



volunteers
cub scouting’s volunteer leaders work with boys and their families to improve their communities.

learn more >



parents
the world of scouts bsa can seem strange and confusing to new parents, even those who have been involved.

learn more >



community
the lincoln heritage council relies on the generosity of individuals, sponsors, organizations and charitable dollars.

learn more >











join us today!

 





































δ




sign up now
fill out our contact form to get more information about joining the cub scouts or scouts bsa. we can help you find the troop that best fits your child so they can become official members of the boy scouts of america.













donate
encouraging gifts to the lincoln heritage council endowment is one of our highest priorities. a gift to endowment ensures that the council can continue to offer the outstanding programs we now have and also grow to meet the needs of our youth and community for the next 100 years.

make a donation



volunteer
scouting volunteer leaders work with boys and their families to improve their communities by enriching the lives of the families who live there. scout leaders support the family. they take an active part in helping to strengthen families and their boys by providing a fun-filled, worthwhile program that teaches values.

volunteer














phone
1-502-361-2624







email
lhcbsa@scouting.org














					the lincoln heritage council is one of the oldest local councils serving both urban and rural areas in the united states. their first charter was granted under the name "louisville council" in 1916. 				


subscribe to our newsletter

 






















choose which newsletter:scouts bsa newslettercub scout newsletter




δ







© 2025 lincoln heritage council | privacy policy | site info | site map



web design by design web































