















fred hersch – the official website of pianist & composer fred hersch



































toggle navigation






home
news
about
discography
music 

good things happen slowly
sheet music


tour dates
projects
videos
photos
epk
contact
 
















fred hersch
jazz pianist & composer








latest news

               2024 mar 9            


ecm releases fred’s solo label debut

ecm releases fred’s solo label debut silent, listening on april 19 produced by manfred eicher. a trio recording is planned for may for release early in 2025.





               2024 feb 1            


fred signs with unlimited myles for north america representation

visit: www.unlimitedmyles.com


               2023 dec 1            


alive at the village vanguard

alive at the village vanguard, a duo album with vocalist esperanza spalding is nominated for two grammy awards – best jazz performance and best jazz vocal album.


               2022 jan 19            


fred named international jazz artist of the year 2021 by jazz magazine (france)

at the beginning of the pandemic, as it is now called without even remembering the name of the virus that caused it,fred hersch felt helpless, hopeless, like all musicians, like everyone else.
so he played, one piece a day, at home, tune of the day he had named this daily appointment intended for the jazz fans and internet users, like him confined at home, and undoubtedly delighted, then, that such a pianist continues to make live music which makes his heart beat, and theirs. 
at the end of 2020, fred hersch released a miraculous solo piano album, “songs from home”. ten tunes of the day recorded at his home in pennsylvania, standards and other classics by cole porter, joni mitchell, duke ellington, jimmy webb, paul mccartney and… fred hersch. ten more reasons, if any were needed, to (re) tell oneself that he is today one of the greatest, if not the greatest jazz pianist still active, as his recent concerts at the bal blomet have reminded us. 
2022 will start under the best auspices, with breath by breath with his new trio + string quartet. a new composition by fred will be premiered in early january on the stage of carnegie hall in new york



               2022 jan 19            


wall street journal review of igor levit at carnegie hall featuring new work by fred

read article >


               2022 jan 19            


rave downbeat review of “breath by breath”

https://downbeat.com/


               2021 apr 14            


fred hersch trio, live in europe – stereophile review

at age 62, pianist fred hersch is playing as rousingly and rivetingly as ever. his latest disc, live in europe (on the palmetto label), may be his best trio album to date.
please click here to read the full review of live in europe by fred kaplan for stereophile


               2020 mar 16            


fred hersch trio commands the room

“during his live performances, when he’s creating music instinctively, hersch commands the room—quietly, but assuredly. he’s so confident in himself and his trio mates—bassist john hébert and drummer eric mcpherson—that they hardly ever need to rehearse.”
click here to read the full article by suzanne lorge for downbeat


               2020 jan 31            


where the music leads him: jazz pianist has relaxed into his own sound

a week ago, fred hersch was up for his 15th grammy award nomination at the 62nd annual grammy awards. the jazz pianist modestly said ahead of the awards show he wasn’t expecting to win, but the distinction hints at the influential and consistently skillful career hersch has led in his 45 years of professional musicianship.
click here to read the full article by jocelyn murphy for nwaonline.com


               2020 jan 27            


walnut hills hs alum and jazz musician fred hersch on his grammy nomination and album, “begin again”

cincinnati native and acclaimed jazz pianist fred hersch has been nominated for a grammy for best instrumental composition for begin again from his album of the same name. he’s on the phone with our ron esposito to talk about this album and being nominated (again) for a grammy.
click here to listen to the full interview

read all news


available now





silent, listening

                     new album out now                         
                  

buy now








                     memoir available now                          
                  
good things happen slowly

amazon
barnes and noble
books-a-million

tweets by fredherschmusic 
mailing list




join our mailing list

email address




zip code






 











"...the most arrestingly innovative pianist 
            in jazz over the last decade or so."
         
— vanity fair





tour




                        24 feb 2025         


               catania -
               italy



            catania jazz, teatro metropolitan - fred hersch solo         

details
tickets




                        25 feb 2025         


               palermo -
               italy



            teatro golden - fred hersch solo         

details
tickets




                        28 feb 2025         


               lausanne -
               switzerland



            ensemble enscéne - lausanne piano festival - fred hersch solo         

details
tickets



all tour dates




























© 2025 fred hersch. all rights reserved.














