



	kentwood players, live-stage theatre in los angeles
























ticketsreservationsseason ticketsgroup salesshowsnow playingsunday reading series and special eventsfuture showspast showsvirtual theater seriesall showssearchsearch creditssearch showsauditionsmain-stagespecialaudition scheduleaboutabout usdirectionsschedulemembershipthe boardrestaurantshistoryhealth/safety


                            follow us on














                            kentwood playersis a member of












toggle navigation







home


tickets


donate


gift certificates






live-stage theatre in los angeles






purchase tickets online
email boxoffice@kentwoodplayers.org box office 310-645-5156


mar 14 - apr 5, 2025
fri & sat at 8pm, sat & sun at 2pm
love! valour! compassion!
by terrence mcnally
love! valour! compassion! is presented by special arrangement with dramatists play service, inc., new york.




(more info)

purchase tickets online










		celebrating 75 years of quality entertainment
                at the westchester playhouse
                8301 hindry ave. • los angeles, ca 90045
westchester, inglewood and los angeles




other announcements
auditions, classes, special productions, sunday night readings, this week this week, open mic nights, parking/traffic info, meetings, and other kentwood players news!
performance calendar
kentwood players membership portal

future shows


  may 9 - jun 7, 2025 urinetown the musical music by mark hollmannlyrics by hollmann and greg kotisbook by kotis     jul 18 - aug 9, 2025 she kills monsters by qui nyugen     sep 12 - oct 4, 2025 real women have curves by josefina lopez     nov 14 - dec 13, 2025 42nd street music by harry warrenlyrics by al dubinbook by michael stewart & mark bramble  



donations welcome
your contribution of any amount will allow us to continue to offer exciting theater at reasonable prices and will help bridge the gap between our operating costs and ticket revenues!
				kentwood players is a 501(c)(3) organization


want to make a difference for our theater? 

 volunteer by becoming a member  
contact us at volunteers@kentwoodplayers.org

 sponsor one of our productions  
contact us at development@kentwoodplayers.org







our theater



our theater at night


past show: foolspast show: once on this islandpast show: steel magnoliaspast show: private livespast show: a gentleman's guide to love and murderpast show: an inspector callspast show: moon over buffalopast show: rent -  a rock operapast show: ken ludwig's baskerville: a sherlock holmes mysterypast show: all my sonspast show: 9 to 5 the musicalpast show: night watchpast show: laughter on the 23rd floor


view of house (112 seats)


past shows






traffic signs and parking

traffic signs - left turns are restricted on the corner
				of hindry and florence. if coming from that direction use manchester instead.
            

parking - the theater has the use of 2 parking lots during 
				performances as well as ample street parking (take note of parking restrictions).

parking next to the theater is reserved for handicap patrons.
hensel phelps parking at 8330 hindry ave. (across the street by the train) opens an hour before each performance, is closed when a performance begins and reopens at completion.
free street parking is available on 83rd street and in the adjoining neighborhood. please do not park on hindry or in the ryder parking spaces (on 83rd across hindry from the theater). cars parked in these spaces will be towed away.

please read all traffic and parking signs carefully when coming to the theater as they
					may have changed since this was posted.


metro -  

patrons can take the metro k line to the westchester/veterans stop, which is just a short one block walk to the westchester playhouse.
receive a $5 discount by showing your metro tap card when purchasing a full price ticket at the box office. 



special announcements










                            kentwood players


							westchester playhouse
							8301 hindry ave.
							los angeles, ca 90045
(click here for map)
                           	310-645-5156
                            box office questions: boxoffice@kentwoodplayers.org 
							rental questions: rentals@kentwoodplayers.org 







