

vacation rentals in pga west 














vacation rentals in pga west




vacation rentals in pga west





vacation rentals in pga west




vacation rentals in pga west



&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://stats.indextools.com/p.pl?a=100095603184&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;js=no" width="1" height="1"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;







 
 


































































 quick links:

view rental properties
search homes for sale
pre-qualify for a home
destination guide 
flights
car rental 
palm springs airport information
currency converter
translate in spanish
translate in french
translate in german
how to rent by owner: the complete guide to buy, manage, furnish, rent, maintain and advertise your vacation rental investment








































pga west rentals
pga west is a spectacular master-planned country club community, established in 1984, located in beautiful la quinta, just minutes from palm springs, california.
choose from beautifully decorated condos, to homes with refreshing private pools. 
this private country club community boasts world-class golf courses and premier real estate. pga west currently hosts six incredible golf courses, including the famous tpc stadium course and the new greg norman course. residents enjoy three expansive clubhouses, a health and racquet club, as well as plenty of social activities. 
pga west has earned its title as "the western home of golf in america"® by hosting many important tournaments, including the bob hope chrysler classic, the pga tour, senior pga tour, lpga, and ncaa. one of the most famous shots in golf history occurred at the tpc® stadium golf® course, when lee trevino made a hole-in-one at number 17, "alcatraz," during the 1988 skins game.
the indio horse show and the pacific life open is only a few blocks away from pga west...it's a great place to stay during the show!
to find vacation rentals everywhere else (mammoth, hawaii, australia, indian wells, etc.)




 


















 
enjoy this tastefully and completely renovated greens condo situated inside the gated community of arnold palmer pga west.
gorgeous southwest view of the santa rosa mountains as well as an up close view of three rock waterfalls and an island.
this condo has 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths and contains 1621 sq. ft. along with a family room with a queen size sleeper couch.
















 
this gorgeous, dual master suite, condominium is located in the gated resort community of pga west at la quinta. this home sits on the fairway of the world famous tpc stadium golf course designed by pete dye. 
this condo has 2 bedrooms, 2 baths and contains 1330 sq. ft. along with a queen size sleeper couch.








































pga west has been the site of:  the skins game • bob hope chrysler classic • liberty mutual legends of golf • diners club matches • grand slam of golf • pga tour qualifying school • ncaa intercollegiate golf championship 

we support the following charities:
  

























 
partners: holiday homes pages vacation spaces  • vacation rentals from perfectplaces.com • golf villas, condos and apartments to rent worldwide • hotstays.com: vacation rentals, beach vacations, island rentals  • a1vacation properties • • vacation rentals worldwide 
28562 oso parkway #d304 • las flores • ca •  92688 •  call : (760) 575-4742 • fax: 508.355.0559 •  info@vrpgawest.com  • allsopp realty, inc.

member of vacation rental mgnt assoc.






























