



	home taylor: tere-stone®


























                    exquisite


                    bath products





home

about us

products




products




distributors

contact




search:













durable. dependable. beautiful.



vanity tops/countertops

consoles/specialty tops

shower units

tub decks/surrounds

tubs/whirlpools

colors

technical information













imagine a material combining the beauty of natural stone... with the strength and resilience that only today's technology can produce.
this is the look and performance of tere-stone®


















                                our skilled artisans handcraft every one-of-a-kind piece from specification to finished product.

                                beautiful depth of color, characteristic striations and ultimate durability make your tere-stone® product
                                
                                a jewel to look at...
                                
and a joy to use.

                                welcome the look of tere-stone® into
                                
                                your home today.









                            consisting of natural stone, dolomite (approximately 74% material composition), terephthalic resin (approximately 24% material composition) and proprietary components (approximately 2% material composition), tere-stone® is cast with an "npg" isophthalic get coat system.  while having a gel coat normally invokes a negative reaction, taylor's gel coat system is an integral component to the base material and is resistant to stains, burns and abrasions.  scratches can be easily removed simply by buffing and polishing the surface.  with a material composition and consistent color throughout the base material, similar to solid surface products, damages to the surface can be repaired utilizing a consumer-friendly patch kit.

tere-stone® is frequently compared to more recognized solid surface products, such as corian and swanstone, quartz products, such as silestone and caesarstone, and natural stone products, such as granite and marble.  while some similarities exist with all these products, tere-stone® compares to none of them and is actually a stand alone product.  while the color palette is comprised of shades and tones which may be similar to other products, the exclusive selection of colors known as sierra series™, truly distinguishes tere-stone® from any other product on the market, creating the look of real stone, yet more durable than granite or marble.

color and material coordinating products, including vanity tops, countertops, shower bases and wall panels, tub wall surrounds and decking
vanity tops with integral bowls that will not crack or craze
shower walls with a high-luster finish that are easy to maintain and void of any grout lines
surface material that is resistant to chemicals, stains, cigarette burns, scorch marks and abrasions
standard high-luster finish or optional matte finish available
surface color and composition consistent throughout the base material
ten (10) years transferable warranty on all vanity tops
unlimited design capabilities in vanity tops, countertops, shower packages, tub wall kits and decking
                                
                                     










                copyright ©2010-2025
                taylor industries, inc. all rights reserved.

                developed and powered by media fusion technologies, inc.








