












home | greater boston legal services







      skip to main content
    











about uswho we arewho our clients arein the newslatest newsdepartmentsasian outreach centercambridge and somerville legal serviceschildren disability projectcivil legal aid for victims of crime programconsumer rights projectcori & re-entry projectelder, health and disabilityemploymentfamily lawhousingimmigrationwelfarecareerspublicationshistoryboardfinancial informationwhat we doour servicesimpact advocacyget helpget helpself-helpcori sealing (info & app)made (eviction info & app)get involvedstudent internshipsfellowshipscareerspro bono opportunitiessupport gblslegal community drivescy pres awardsdonor-advised fundsbequests and gifts of stocktribute givingfundraise for gblssupport asian outreachdonatesafety exit















        
                  welcome to gbls
      
  
    

every week, greater boston legal services (gbls) provides free legal assistance and representation on civil (non-criminal) matters to hundreds of residents in the city of boston and 31 surrounding cities and towns.
when they have nowhere else to turn, families and individuals living in poverty, elders, and people with disabilities look to gbls for help to secure the most basic necessities of life.
read their stories and how gbls makes a difference.


read more





        
                  get legal help
      
  
    

at greater boston legal services (gbls), our team of 70+ attorneys and 20+ paralegals provide free civil (non-criminal) legal assistance to low-income individuals and families in and around boston.


get legal help
recibe ayuda legal
tôi cần giúp về pháp lý
獲取法律援助
jwenn èd legal




video








        
                  your support makes a difference
      
  
    

every week, there are hundreds of people we cannot help because of lack of resources.


donate





        
                  latest news
      
  
    










stash's pizza owner convicted of forced labor and threats against undocumented immigrant workers 


        
                  june 7, 2024
      
  
    

        
                  stash’s pizza owner convicted of forced labor charges after years of physical violence and immigration threats against undocumented immigrant workers 

boston, ma – in federal court today, a jury convicted stash’s pizza owner steve papantoniadis of three counts of forced labor and three counts of…
      
  
    










preliminary approval of settlement granted in ground-breaking discrimination class action brought by gbls, cohen milstein, and nclc against saferent solutions on behalf of rental applicants 


        
                  april 25, 2024
      
  
    

        
                  preliminary approval has been granted in the class action lawsuit against saferent solutions co-counseled by gbls, cohen milstein, and national consumer law center on behalf of massachusetts housing voucher recipients. the u.s. district court of massachusetts has allowed a $2.275 million settlement…
      
  
    










agreement reached in gbls and co-counsel’s class action lawsuit to expand opportunities for individuals in nursing homes to return to the community 


        
                  april 16, 2024
      
  
    

        
                  the executive office of health and human services announced a settlement has been reached in the class action lawsuit marsters v. healey brought by gbls, the center for public representation, justice in aging, and the law firm foley hoag llp on behalf of older adults, people with serious mental…
      
  
    








more news














three hour wait, three days in a row: mass. shelter hotline leaves some families desperate


        
                  long waits on shelter hotlines are putting people in danger: “'i have had clients who went back to their abusers because they weren't able to access a shelter.' liz alfred, greater boston legal services attorney."

please click here to read the full article.
      
  
    











        
                  our partners
      
  
    






























greater boston legal services will not discriminate against any person seeking services based upon race, ethnicity, color, gender, age, religion, nation of origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, ability, marital status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
gbls' offices reside on tribal lands that belong to the massachusett people, including the naumkeag band and the pawtucket peoples. we at gbls believe that it is essential to acknowledge that we work on occupied lands of these indigenous communities, both as a matter of respect, and as an extension of the work we do to further justice. to learn more about native lands in your community, please visit https://native-land.ca/


sign up for our newsletter













quick links


about us


what we do


get help


get involved


support gbls


donate


safety exit




contact
main office
197 friend street
boston, ma 02114 map617-371-1234800-323-3205 (toll-free)
 
cambridge/somerville
60 gore street, suite 203
cambridge, ma 02141 map617-603-2700
 
for media inquiries, please click here.


connect




© 2025 greater boston legal services. all rights reserved.











