




weblogic server | oracle






























































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu



















java








oracle weblogic server

oracle weblogic server is a unified and extensible platform for developing, deploying, and running enterprise applications in java for on-premises and in the cloud. weblogic server offers a robust, mature, and scalable implementation of jakarta ee.














weblogic server on kubernetes
oracle weblogic server is fully supported on kubernetes and enables users to migrate and efficiently build modern container apps with comprehensive java services. check out the weblogic kubernetes toolkit, a complete set of open source tools that simplifies running on kubernetes, on-premises, or in the cloud.


learn about the toolkit 



run weblogic applications in the cloud
with rapid provisioning and choice of infrastructure and pricing, oracle weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure (oci) provides full support to run jakarta ee applications in the cloud.


learn about the features















why build with oracle weblogic server?






full jakarta ee implementation
jakarta ee provides a powerful combination of technologies and apis that focus on ease of enterprise application development and management.
jakarta ee

develop and deploy with weblogic

oracle weblogic server datasheet (pdf)  



cloud neutral
oracle weblogic server supports running java applications in any cloud environment, as well as on-premises, with full application portability across environments.
weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure

docker, cri-o, and kubernetes support

weblogic server on microsoft azure

licensing oracle software in the cloud computing environment (pdf)

oracle weblogic server on oracle private cloud appliance and kubernetes (pdf) 



application modernization reduces time to market
the weblogic kubernetes toolkit enables users to easily deploy their weblogic server domains and applications in kubernetes. rich management tooling and apis automate operations, while autoscaling and auto-restarts of failed nodes ensure high availability. achieve greater agility through the use of integrated, open source tooling when existing weblogic server applications move to kubernetes or leverage helidon to run microservices in a portable way.
documentation: oracle weblogic kubernetes toolkit

video: cern leverages weblogic on kubernetes (1:36)

video: the weblogic kubernetes toolkit ui (14:53) 



oracle integration for enterprise application requirements
oracle weblogic server is integrated with oracle products and technologies to provide optimal performance, availability, and supportability of your custom weblogic server applications, and integration with your other enterprise applications and systems.
oracle coherence, helidon and java se

oracle fusion middleware, built on weblogic server

upgrade weblogic server to use 23.x jdbc driver

oracle applications 












oracle’s cloud native java for enterprise applications


 

oracle weblogic server
oracle coherence
oracle weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure

 









the world’s leading jakarta ee application server
oracle weblogic server
get unmatched performance, scale, and manageability in a single, unified application server. weblogic server is the cornerstone jakarta ee platform for on premises and cloud applications.


 see oracle weblogic server editions 
 hear about cern’s success (1:36) 


features

full jakarta ee support for standards-based application development
rich management tooling and api for automating operations
autoscaling and auto-restarts of failed nodes for high availability
kubernetes deployment and administration tools
active gridlink for connectivity with oracle real application clusters (rac) for higher performance and availability
high performance jms messaging
integration with oracle database and middleware






 












the leading distributed caching solution across on premises and cloud
oracle coherence is the leading java-based distributed cache and in-memory data grid. it delivers high availability, scalability and low latency, throughput, and performance for applications.


 see oracle coherence details 
 see new features overview (6:57) 


features

scalable performance for enterprise applications
key-value object and document storage
clustered caching with disk persistence
fault-tolerant, automatic sharding
guaranteed data consistency
polyglot, rest and graphql interfaces
high-rate querying and event-handling transactions
in-place, distributed processing
hot cache for real-time database refreshes
multisite data federation
distributed java.util.concurrent implementation
tooling support for kubernetes






 












quick provisioning of oracle weblogic server in oracle cloud
with rapid deployment and flexible pricing options, oracle weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure is the recommended way to run enterprise java applications in the cloud.


 see oracle weblogic server for oci 
 deploy a sample application 


features

quick provisioning
flexible subscription-based pricing
high availability and easy connectivity with oracle autonomous database
automated deployments and full api access
choice of supported versions and editions
simplified migration with tooling and infrastructure support






 
















view all customer successes
weblogic server customer successes




















moved e-business suite to oracle cloud infrastructure and improved performance by 10-fold

watch the video (3:23)













use cases for oracle weblogic server



modernize jakarta ee applications
with weblogic server, deploy tooling that provides docker provisioning support while the operator provides kubernetes administration capabilities.
weblogic server data sheet (pdf) 
view the architecture


run java applications in the cloud
move existing on-premises java applications to the cloud using oracle weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure for better performance at lower cost.


build java microservices
helidon leverages standards-based microprofile apis to modern, cloud native java applications using functional programming.














 december 20, 2024
announcing oracle weblogic server 14.1.2
monica riccelli, weblogic server product manager, oracle
oracle is excited to announce the release of oracle weblogic server version 14.1.2. weblogic server 14.1.2 is a new major version, adding support for java platform, jakarta ee 8, and java se 17 and 21. it is available on-premises and in the cloud.
read the complete post 

featured oracle weblogic server blogs



view all 











begin building java applications now





try oracle cloud free tier	


get 30 days of free access to oracle weblogic server for oracle cloud infrastructure.


try it for free







watch a cloud migration demo


see how easily an on-premises app moves to oracle cloud running on oracle autonomous database.


watch the demo (8:05)







visit the help center


start here to get resources to provision a sample java app on weblogic server.


start building apps







check out the latest version of weblogic server


high level overview of weblogic server 14.1.2


watch the video



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























