









lda minnesota | learning disabilities association of minnesota












































































contact us | tel. 952-582-6000





search for:



 







toggle navigation





learning disabilities association of minnesota
all individuals are supported and empowered to learn



about ld & adhd

about adhd

adhd diagnosis
prominent people
resources
faq


learning disabilities

about ld
checklist
accommodations
glossary of terms
links and resources
faq




services

assessments
executive function skill building
tutoring
consultations
professional development
workshops
support groups
education products


programs

learning connections
early literacy
public education & outreach

healthy child development


fact sheets


institute for educators

why lda
our approach
courses
faculty

mentoring
advisory committee


how to apply

degree requirements


tuition

sped pipeline funding


completing the licensure program


blog
about us

calendar of events
testimonials
program accomplishments
annual report
people

board
staff


jobs
media corner
contact us


how to help

donate

donor privacy policy


volunteer
become a member
book drive


 












lda minnesota has moved!lda's office has moved to 5101 olson memorial highway, suite 6000 in golden valley.  our offices are open by appointment only.  please call 952-582-6000 or email info@ldaminnesota.org if you would like to learn more or sign-up for our programs.   read more about our new office and decision to move.institute for special educators: teacher licensure programapply for fall 2024. lda provides acceptance of candidates to the program in rolling basis after application requirements have been met.  classes start in june!assessments and diagnosis at lda minnesotafind out if you or your child has a learning disability, dyslexia or adhd.  lda minnesota can help! we are currently scheduling 3-4 weeks out from the time we receive your application.  email or call us to apply.





lda minnesota



our mission: lda minnesota serves individuals, families and communities impacted by learning differences, equipping and inspiring learners to thrive and lead fulfilled lives.
our vision: all adults and children with learning challenges are to be understood, accepted, and empowered to achieve their life goals.
 
learn about lda’s services

diagnostic assessments for all ages diagnose learning difficulties and adhd.
tutoring is tailored to fit your child’s needs and goals.
executive function skill building, ideal for middle and high school students who need a boost in organizing, managing time, getting homework turned in, and setting goals.

 
lda’s institute for special educators
our abs teacher prep & licensure program is accepting applications for january 2025.  learn more about the program by signing up for a virtual information session/open house.  we accept applications on a rolling basis.  learn more about the program, coursework, and how to apply.
 
lda in the community
lda’s community partnerships include delivering small group and 1:1 interventions for students in low-income schools.  support our work and learn more about our programming to help all children succeed.
lda minnesota is the state affiliate of lda of america.

 
 







donate
become a member
make a payment
get our newsletter
upcoming activitiesno eventsevents calendarfollow us 






































								copyright @ 2020. all right reserved.								


login

























back to top


