

 























scenic america | protecting america's scenic beauty and fighting visual blight

































skip to content



skip to content











search

















search





 



chapters




scenic los angeles
scenic missouri
scenic nevada
scenic pittsburgh
scenic prince george’s
scenic tennessee
scenic walton



                   explore all of the scenic chapters and affiliates
                  















            issues
          




                         billboards & sign control
                    

                         placemaking & community planning
                    

                         scenic byways
                    

                         energy infrastructure & equity
                    

                         parks & open spaces
                    










why scenic conservation?

taking care of our visual environment delivers health, social, and economic benefits. 







            get involved
          




                         take action
                    

                         find a chapter or affiliate
                    

                         resources
                    

                         events & programs
                    

                         support us
                    




get involved

join the fight for scenic conservation.







            explore byways
          




                         byway maps by state
                    

                         explore byways by theme
                    

                         all national scenic byways & all-american roads
                    








            news & updates
          




                         all news & updates
                    

                         past newsletters
                    

                         press resources
                    








            about
          




                         about us
                    

                         mission & impact
                    

                         our history
                    

                         board & staff
                    

                         careers & internships
                    

                         diversity, equity & inclusion
                    

                         annual reports
                    

                         contact us
                    








          chapters
        



scenic los angeles
scenic missouri
scenic nevada
scenic pittsburgh
scenic prince george’s
scenic tennessee
scenic walton



explore all of the scenic chapters and affiliates








donate







 
 

preserving and enhancing america’s scenic beauty 
we are the leading advocate for scenic conservation 
learn more






safeguarding our nation’s scenic qualities


reducing the proliferation of billboards and visual blight
scenic america has helped stop new billboard construction and other blight in hundreds of communities nationwide.


protecting and promoting scenic byways
scenic america led the way in congress to revive the national scenic byways program and to secure funding for our most scenic roadways. 


championing scenic communities
from utility undergrounding to tree conservation to responsible development, we help communities protect their unique qualities. 




 what we’re working on right now 

 
 

protecting trees from clearcutting for billboard visibility
right now, it’s legal in 35 states for a billboard company to cut down publicly owned trees to improve billboard visibility. tell congress that it’s time to change that.  
learn more





 










supporting scenic byways 
help scenic america continue to fight for congressional funding for america's byways.

learn more












making undergrounding more accessible 
thanks to our advocacy, fema funding can now support undergrounding, and a new federal grant program is making more resources available.

learn more












celebrating community character 
we believe in protecting, enhancing, and celebrating the unique qualities of our towns and cities.

learn more
































































explore scenic byways
get to know the more than 1,200 roadways across the nation that are recognized for their scenic, natural, archaeological, cultural, historic, or recreational significance. 
 learn more






california
enjoy roads like the death valley scenic byway











nebraska
home of the historic lincoln highway











michigan
the m-22, 116 miles long, borders lake michigan


















join the scenic movement
keep up with the latest news and updates from scenic america on issues that impact our visual character.
sign up





 
 more news









new maryland bills promote transmission undergrounding 
maryland is taking significant steps to modernize its approach to electric transmission line development while…











alert: city of reno considers digital signs for schools 
proposed changes to reno’s sign code will be presented at virtual meetings next week to…











bad bill alert: tennessee senate bill 735 threatens to remove… 
a new bill in tennessee threatens to strip communities’ abilities to mitigate billboard blight through…











scenic america statement on the fix our forests act 
scenic america is concerned that the fix our forests act’s focus on expediting vegetation management…









back to top







1012 14th st nw, suite 1108
washington, dc 20005








       © 2025 scenic america | privacy policy




explore



                why scenic conservation?
              



                our chapters & affiliates 
              



                get involved
              



                about us
              



                contact us
              





follow us

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin



stay informed
stay informed and up to date. 
sign up for our mailing list.


sign up








