



























technical training and resources | gm parts









technical training











resources
resources








overview




student programs




technical training











overview




student programs




technical training






















			
                
                technical training






























			
                
                accelerate your career with technical training


take the next steps to building your skills and furthering your career. our approach meets professionals where they are at, combining a variety of proven delivery methods to help ensure maximum learning potential for the service professional.



enroll here or log in and browse online to find available training opportunities to grow your skills and career.















			
                
                course types








inshops (ist)




these 1-hour events are interactive and presented by an acdelco professional.








instructor-led training (ilt)




full-day courses presented by an acdelco instructor. training is presented utilizing vehicles and hands-on exercises.








self-study training (sst)




basic-level material intended to help the technical and nontechnical person understand the technical aspects of the various vehicle systems.










seminars (sem)




these 3- to 4-hour evening seminars are interactive and presented by an acdelco professional.








video on demand (vod)




offers technicians the ability to view previously recorded technical content at any time.








virtual (vi/sm)




inshop and seminar content is also available through virtual delivery methods.










web-based training (wbt)



typically less than an hour of technical training, accessed through the acdelco learning management system (lms).





































			
                
                try professional training courses for free
                
			
		

take a free test drive on select courses to see if online training is the best option for you.

the following courses are now available for free:
 
cooling system inspection and maintenance
 
extended range electric vehicle: introduction – gen 1 chevrolet volt
 
engine performance

see all trainings





















			
                
                how to enroll


to enroll and easily sign up for classes or view course schedules, click below to get started and register as a new user. professional service centers will need a six-digit account number to register as a user.








contact information:
call 800-825-5886 (prompt 3, then prompt 1, then prompt 4)
mon.–fri., 8 a.m.–8 p.m. est











			
			enroll
			
			
		







			
			download training catalog
			
			
		






























			
                
                seasoned or starting out — we want you


as the automotive industry continues shifting, there’s increased demand for gm-certified auto technicians. choose from multiple streamlined career paths to build the skills you need to find exciting opportunities working with gm dealerships.

 
watch as dale earnhardt jr. speaks to a new generation of gm asep students about how to take the first steps to success.

click the link below to find a training program that fits your talent.

bring us your talent

























			
                
                trade professionals


			
                
                technical resources


we’re helping prepare trade professionals to help vehicle owners with all their maintenance, repair and collision needs while sustaining a successful business. in our technical resources, you can find and access:
 

manuals and technical documents
programs designed to accelerate trade professionals’ success
specialized trainings and educational programs
offers set up specifically to reward trade professionals

 
view technical resources





























