


home | java jazz coffee house



 
















home









menu























about us









contact









gallery








java jazz




















established in 1923,  java jazz has been known for its great coffee and extravgent jazz music. 







java jazz coffee house






















jazz band schedule








location427 pool lane,spring, texas







(782) - 223 - 4208johnsmith@javajazz.com







contact







we takedinner reservations for 2 or more people. the back room is also available for small events. and have live jazz playing weekday nightsplease contact us via calling







monday - saturday6am - 9pm​sunday8am - 3pmsunday 11-3 is brunch







java jazz hours





















menu














we make great coffee that accomodate to your coffee needs, as well as use orangic and fresh produce in our foods. we only use fresh ground beans, free range eggs and grass fed meat.we can cater to various dietary needs. simply come in and we will do our best to provide to you. 
we're proud to partner with and exclusively serve driven coffee for all menu items. not only is their coffee amazing, but their mission is awesome too!




















gallery














technology available in our cafe
we're proud to have a variety of technology available in our cafe for patrons including:

free wifi and internet
bluetooth speakers
order taking robots (yes, we have bots who wheel around our shop and take orders)

in addition to having free internet and other fun technology in our cafe, we also care about the environment and use eco-friendly/green web hosting to this website and all data-related services in our cafe. we care deeply about the environment and you can learn more about our commitment to reducing our carbon footprint with green web hosting on this page.
as a special deal for all of our coffee shop patrons who are interested in getting their own websites online and interfacing with technology, we've partnered with instructify in order to help teach people how to build websites. you can get started with a website using instructify's deal for almost nothing. this is one of the best ways to get a wordpress website online and get started blogging. many of our coffee shop patrons are writers, bloggers, or creative people so we thought this would be incredibly helpful!



































follow us


























