



























vetsforjustice





vetsforjustice

go to content
main menu






 home page demanding criminal charges against walmart officials, and two federal judges






evidence of the attempted murder of the elderly disabled vietnam veteran billy kidwell






the refusal of the united states department of justice to protect disabled vietnam veterans rights






the army & va's article 15 con game






work






the united states government is causing veteran suicides






the army's p.t.s.d. con-game






the army's bad paper discharge con-game






the va's medical waiting list con game kills 307,000!






fifty (50) years of discrimination towards disabled vietnam veterans by the justice department






walmart bribed, and owns, the united states department of justice






how the federal courts fix cases against disabled vietnam veterans






the democrats giveth & taketh from veterans






the miracle of p.t.s.d. service dogs !






videos of service dog harassment in florida






attorneys needed !






about the victim









 america's most vulnerable citizensno race, no religion, no people on earth,are discriminated against, or treated as horrible,as america's disabled vietnam veterans !_________________________________________________________news releaseeverything on this page may be freely copied, and/or, publisheddying veteran, and his family,demand attempted murder charges, against walmart officials,and two federal judgesbilly kidwell, a dying, 100% service-connected, disabledvietnam veteran, his wife, tana kidwell, and daughter,hannah kidwell, demand criminal charges against walmartceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s.district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoybilly kidwell, tana kidwell, and hannah kidwell, have attachedtitle 28 u.s. code 1746 declarations, proving that walmart ceo, doug mcmillon,walmart general counsel, karen roberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, andashlea edwards, and two (2) federal judges in the u.s. district court at fort myers, florida, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, for torturing, and working together in a scheme, to murder billy kidwell, by causing kidwell to suffer a life-threatening heart attack.while disabled veteran, billy kidwell, was having the massive heart attack, he passed out, and fell, injuringhis aortic aneurysm, causing it to rupture, resulting in kidwell being terminal, and actually dying from the heart attack, and ruptured aneurysm.billy kidwell, and his daughter filed an emergency medical motion, making walmart officials, asking judge polster, and magistrate mccoy, d, judges, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate,mac r. mccoy, issued a "kill order", a court order carefully worded to causebilly kidwell's death, by obstructing kidwell from seeking, and obtaining,life-saving, emergency medical care, during his heart attack, and anuerysmrupture, to make sure he died.while billy kidwell was dying from their stress-caused heart attack, and alsosuffering from a ruptured aortic aneurysm, magistrate, mac r. mccoy, and/or,judge, sheri polster chappell, drafted a "kill order" to obstruct the dying,disabled vietnam veteran, billy kidwell, from obtaining needed, life-saving,emergency medical care, knowing that without the emergency medical care,kidwell would die.and then obstructing kidwellfrom getting needed, life-saving, emergency medical care, during the heartattack, and aortic aneurysm rupture, they caused, assuring he would likely die.the scheme was to "fix" a lawsuit, kidwell had filed against walmart, in favorof walmart, by causing billy kidwell's death.i. they knew what they were doing, andwillingly tried to kill billy kidwell(a) fair notice stress would cause a heart attack.and could kill billy kidwellwalmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel,karen roberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell,and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, all received a copy of a disability rights lawsuitfiled by billy kidwell against walmart.the disability lawsuit at pages 7, 8, 10, 11, 16, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, and28 (see yellow highlights on the lawsuit), made it extremely clear billy kidwell, ismedically unable to proceed, that the stress of proceeding in the lawsuit, withoutan attorney, would cause a stress-caused heart attack, and likely cause his death.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district court judge,sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, all knew that using meretechinicalities to harass kidwell, while forcing him to do substantial law work,with his history of stress-caused heart attacks, would cause kidwell to suffera life-threatening, stress-caused, heart attack, and likely die.(b) walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district court judge,sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, all knew billy kidwellwas entitled to appointment of counsel, which would avoid stress(1) walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district court judge,sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, all knew that since billykidwell, and his daughter, hannah kidwell, were trespassed from a large part ofport charlotte, florida, and restricted from travel because of his being a disabledveteran, needing to use p.t.s.d. service dogs, that kidwell, and his daughter,had a constitutional right to appointment of counsel to protect their due process,freedom of association, and freedom of travel rights.that appointment of an attorney was required, by the constitution, to protecttheir due process, freedom of association, and freedom of travel rights(2) they knew that according to the united states department of justice website,that the united states department of justice has a duty to enforce the americanswith disabilities act in the courts.billy kidwell contacted the ada section of the justice department, and contactedthe civil rights division of the justice department, making them aware that he hadjust gotten off intensive care at the bay pines va hospital for a stress-causedheart attack, and that he was dying from heart failure, and unable to stand stress.billy kidwell made the justice department aware that walmart management has video where they attacked him, and trespassed him, for medically needing to usep.t.s.d. service dogs, and that if kidwell tried to enforce his ada rights, himself,according to kidwell's va doctors, it could cause another stress-caused heartattack, and billy kidwell's death.kidwell begged the justice department to protect his ada disability rights, toprotect him from dying with another stress-caused heart attack.the justice department refused, because of their diversity, equity, and inclusionpolicy, and told kidwell on the phone that they didn't care about his ada rights, orhis dire health, and that the doj only protect the rights of important people, likeblacks, minorities, and the lgbtq community.that the justice department stated that they doesn't have a penny to protectdisabled vietnam veterans rights, that they have never protected the rights ofvietnam veterans, with combat stress disabilities, and never will. [emphasis added.]it should be noted that while the justice department claimed they didn't have asingle penny, to protect the rights of the dying, disabled vietnam veteran, billykidwell, that they had offered $500,000 to each illegal child in a lawsuit, while thedoj had unlimited funds to rig an election, and wrote blank checks to jack smith,while giving millions of dollars to state officials, who would obstruct trump inrunning for president. (3.) billy kidwell pointed out that on november 10, 2021 attorney generalmerrick garland had ordered the united states department of justiceto agressively protect veterans rights, and that because of kidwell'swell-documented history of stress-caused heart attacks, kidwell coulddie if he tried to enforce his disability rights, without an attorney.the justice department still refused to comply with the november 2021order of attorney general merrick garland, to protect billy kidwell'sada disability rights, knowing the refusal of the justice department toprotect his rights, could cause billy kidwell's death. [emphasis added.]according to assistant attorney general for civil rights, kristen clarke theonly real heroes of the vietnam war are lgbtq vietnam veterans, thatsnuck around having sex with other male soldiers.on the phone with billy kidwell, a justice department official stated thatthe doj doesn't have one penny to protect the rights of disabled vietnamveterans, unless they are "of color", a minority, or a member of the lgbtqcommunity.despite billy kidwell being a 100% service-connected, severely disabled,vietnam veteran, dying from heart failure, and medically unable to standstress, the doj refused to protect billy kidwell's disability rights, becausehe is white, and doesn't have sex with other men, or animals.the civil rights division absolutely refused to comply with the order ofattorney general merrick garland to aggressively protect veteran's rights,in the case of billy kidwell, because he isn't a member of his skin color, orthe lack thereof, and because he isn't a member of the lgbtq community.the order of attorney general merrick garland clearly required the justice department to protect billy kidwell's life, by aggressively protectinghis rights as a dying, disabled, vietnam veteran, medically needing to usea p.t.s.d. service dog when shopping at walmart.the united states department of justice refused to protect billy kidwell's rights,knowing their refusal would likely cause his death, because of the doj's blatantdiscrimination towards elderly, disabled vietnam veterans, and their diversity,equity, and inclusion policy.  (4.) the servicemembers, and veterans initiative act, at section (4) under thesection "duties", required the svi section of the justice department"to provide counsel to the assistant attorney general for the office of justiceprograms, to ensure funding decisions take into account servicemembers,veterans, and their families".section (5) of the servicemembers, and veterans initiative act, requiredthe justice department to "promote the provision of civil legal aid toservicemembers, veterans, and their families".billy kidwell sent regiatered letter, after registered letter, to the heads of thesvi section of the justice department  begging them to comply with theservicemembers, and veterans initiative act.the svi section of the justice department absolutely refused to make anyattempt to comply with the servicemembers, and veterans initiative act,knowing their refusal could cause kidwell's death.(5.) the intentional infliction of physical, or psychological injury, which wouldinclude the intentional aggravation of a severe stress disability, and/or,aggravation of a heart disability, to an elderly, or disabled person, like billykidwell, in florida is a felony. [see f.s. 825.102.]if the aggravation causes great bodily harm, or permanent disability, as thestress intentionally inflicted on kidwell, by ceo, doug mcmillon, generalcounsel, karen roberts, attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, andjudge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, the aggravationis a first degree felony.by doug mcmillon, karen roberts, attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards,judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, requiringbilly kidwell to do the same, work, a team of healthy attorneys are normallyrequired to do, despite knowing that kidwell is medically unable to do law work,without suffering great bodily harm, caused kidwell to suffer both great bodilyharm, and permanent disability to his heart, aortic aneurysm, and stressdisabilities, which is a first degree felony, pursuant to florida law.summarywalmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district courtjudge, sheri polster chappell, magistrate, mac r. mccoy, and the unitedstates department of justice all had an abudance of fair notice, that ifbilly kidwell was forced to proceed in the walmart lawsuit, without anattorney, and forced to do the work of a team of healthy attorneys, thatthe stress would cause a stress-caused heart attack, and likely cause billykidwell's death.they were fully aware that the constitution required kidwell be appointed anattorney, that florida law, f.s. 825.102 prohibited the aggravation ofbilly kidwell's disabilities, and the intentional infliction of great bodily harm,and the permanent disability of irreparable harm to his heart, aortic aneurysm,and stress disabilities.they knew what they were doing, and they all obstructed billy kidwellfrom obtaining an attorney, and contributed to aggravating his life-threatingdisabilities.they all obstructed needed, life-saving, emergency medical care, duringa massive heart attack, and ruptured aortic aneurysm, and they all tryied tocause kidwell's death, in a scvheme to fix the walmart lawsuit, in walmart's favor.and they all knowingly, and intentionally, violated f.s. 825.102, a first degreefelony.ii. charge onethe attempted murderof an elderly, disabled veteranwalmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel,karen roberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell,and magistrate, mac r. mccoy,  knew walmart had no chance of winning billykidwell's disability lawsuit,because walmart had made a video of their attack onkidwell, and the many rights violations.seeing the department of justice had no intent of protecting the rights of disabledvietnam veterans, doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards,judge polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, knowing kidwell washelpless without an attorney, started aggravating kidwell's life-threateningdisabilities, in a scheme to fix the walmart lawsuit, in favor of walmart, bycausing kidwell to suffer a stress-caused heart attack, and possabily die.attack, the above-named individuals osbstructed needed, life-savingemergency medical care, resulting in billy kidwell being in terminal medicalcondition, dying.walmart-owned judges, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, andmagistrate mac r. mccoy, then ordered kidwell to do a massive amount oflaw work, while he was dying, and medically unable to get out of bed, unableto walk, and unable to even write, and because kidwell was medicallyunable to comply, those walmart-owned judges dismissed kidwell's lawsuitagainst walmart.as a result of the torture, and murder attempt, by the the above-namedindividualsand then their second murder attempt by their obstructionof needed, emergency medical care, billy kidwell is unable to walk, and isalmost completely bedbound.he is in constant burning, nerve pain, has constant breathing, and heartproblems, and has suffered three operations, in which he could have died,all of which has cost over a million dollars, so far, according to medical bills.because of the two (2) murder attempts by walmart officals, and thewalmart-owned judges, billy kidwell is under the care of four (4) doctors,for his heart, aortic aneurysm, stomach, and internal bleeding, and will sufferextreme pain, and be mostly bedbound, while suffering massive medical costs,every day of his life, for the rest of his life. walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district courtjudge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, belong in prison,for their murder attempts, and horrific crimes.i. facts1. billy kidwell, who lives in port charlotte florida, had just been releasedfrom the bay pines va hospital, where he almost died from a massive,stress-caused heart attack.being is unable to walk, and in poor health, he had his va caregiver, anddaughter, go with him, and his two small p.t.s.d., japanese chin, servicedogs, to the port charlotte king's highway walmart, to help him shop.his two small service dogs are trained to calm him during p.t.s.d. anxietyattacks, so kidwell doesn't have another stress-caused heart attack, and die.after shopping, when paying at the cash register at walmart, the cashier named"handy", said she was a manager, and she started shouting at kidwell that shedoesn't allow service dogs in her walmart, as she started shouting at kidwell,until his heart was hurting, and he was short on breath, starting to pass out.dizzy, and about ready to pass out, billy kidwell had his daughter helpinghim leave the store, to try to quickly get nitro heart pills from the glovecompartment of his car, to try to stop the heart attack from starting.about halfway to the door a man, and a woman, ran up that were extremelyaggressive, pushing on kidwell, screaming at him, telling him to rush outof the walmart store, quicker then he is medically able to do, while he wasdizzy, having trouble bleathing, and having severe heart pains.billy kidwell was trying to walk, as fast as he could, while passing out, havingto lean on a shopping cart because he in medically unable to walk.after getting out the door billy kidwell sat on the cement, next to the walmartstore wall, because he was starting to pass out, and needed time for the nitropills to work.about six (6) charlotte county sheriff cars rushed up, extremely aggressive, actinglike walmart had been robbed, and an unknown deputy, who was in charge, saidthe female that was pushing kidwell was walmart's store manager, and the malewas walmart's loss prevention officer. walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karan roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, u.s. district courtjudge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, knowing thatbilly kidwell is medically unable to stand stress, and knowing that stresscan cause billy kidwell's death, did torture, and inflict massive amounts ofundue stress on kidwell, aggravating billy kidwell's life-threateningp.t.s.d. combat stress disability, aggravating kidwell's stress-causedbleeding ulcers, and aggravating kidwell's stress-caused heart problems,intentionally causing a stress-caused, heart attack, with the intent of causingbilly kidwell's death.2. judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, knowingthat billy kidwell is "medically unable to stand stress", and knowing thatkidwell was legally entitled to appointment of counsel, while knowing doinglaw work causes massive stress, did refuse to appoint counsel, violatingkidwell's rights, while those judges tortured kidwell, threatening, andintiminating kidwell, to force him to do massive amounts of law work,knowing the law work would likely cause sufficient undue stress to causebilly kidwell to suffer another stress-caused, life-threatening, heart attack.the aggravating of billy kidwell's combat stress disability with never-ending merely "techinical" court orders of judge, sheri polster chappell,and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, tortured kidwell, and caused billy kidwell'slife-threatening, stress-caused, bleeding ulcers, to bleed internally, causingbilly kidwell to vomit, and excrete, large amounts of blood, endangeringkidwell's life.both judges knew billy kidwell was "medically unable" to do law work,and knew law work would aggravate his disabilities, and endanger his life.3. by judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy,intentionally aggravating billy kidwell's stress-caused, heart disability,ordering billy kidwell to do law, while both judges knew billy kidwellwas "medically unable" to do law work, judge, sheri polster chappell,and magistrate, mac r. mccoy caused billy kidwell to suffer a massivelife-threatening heart attack.4. when judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy,caused billy kidwell to have a massive, life-threatening, heart attack,billy kidwell passed out, and fell down, injuring his aortic aneurysmdisability, by rupturing his aortic aneurysm, and endangering his life.the intentional aggravation of billy kidwell's disabilities were donewith the intent to inflict massive torture, and unbearable inhuman stresson billy kidwell, in a scheme to cause billy kidwell's death, and thereby"fix" case cv-517-spc-mrm, in the united states district court atfort myers, florida, in favor of walmart.evidence1. the civil complaint in case cv-517-spc-mrm fully explains that billykidwell has a well-documented history of life-threatening, stress-caused,heart attacks, and damage to his heart, and stress-caused bleeding ulcers,and is medically unable to stand stress, including the stress of trying to dolaw work, to try to enforce his disability rights.2. the civil complaint in case cv-517-spc-mrm fully explains that stresscan cause billy kidwell's death.3. the civil complaint in case cv-517-spc-mrm explains that walmart isconcealing a video of kidwell being attacked by walmart management, andillegally trespassed, to punish kidwell for being a disabled veteran, medically-needing to use p.t.s.d. service dogs to shop in walmart.4. billy kidwell's 28 u.s.c. 1746 declaration states that doug mcmillon, karenroberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, u.s. district court judge, sheri polsterchappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, fully aware that kidwell is medicallyunable to stand stress, intentionally inflicting massive stress on kidwell, toaggravate his stress-caused heart disability, endangering his life, in a schemeto cause kidwell to suffer another stress-caused heart attack, and "fix" casecv-517-spc-mrm, in the u.s. district court at fort myers, in favor of walmart.5. it should be noted that records of case cv-517-spc-mrm in the unitedstates district court at fort myers, florida prove a pattern of harassment, andthreats, and the use of "mere techinicalities" to intentionally aggravate billykidwell's disabilities, while the merits of kidwell's civil rights lawsuit, andthe video of the assault on kidwell, were completely ignored, and hid bymagistrate, mac r. mccoy, and judge, sheri polster chappell, to protectwalmart.6. if a state court judge had aggravated an elderly, frail, disabled vietnamveteran's war disabilities, to obstruct the disabled veteran from exercising"meaningful access to the courts", the way judge chappell, and magistrate mccoy,aggravated billy kidwell's life-threatening disabilities to fix case cv-517-spc-mrm for walmart, the state court would have been found guilty, of blatantly,and intentionally, violating the americans with disabilities act, guilty of violatingthe civil rights of the elderly, disabled veteran, and guilty of obstructionof justice.7. the abusive, and intentional, aggravation of billy kidwell's disabilities, bymagistrate, mac r. mccoy, and judge, sheri polster chappell, was intended toinflict great bodily harm, and permanent disability, on the frail, elderly,disabled vietnam veteran, billy kidwell, in direct violation of florida law,f.s. 825.102(2)(c), which is a first degree felony.8. billy kidwell's va medical records, and doctor's reports, and medicalevualations of the health of billy kidwell for the past fifty (50) years, provebilly kidwell's health, has constantly detoriated, with age, and theadvancement of his disabilities, and that kidwell has a medical history ofrecent stress-caused heart attacks, rendering him medically unable tostand stress. 9. simply put, billy kidwell's medical records, combined with the complaint in case cv-517-spc-mrm, prove walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmartgeneral counsel, karen roberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, allfully knew, and were aware of billy kidwell's medical disabilities, and hismedical inability to stand stress, because stress could cause his death.10. doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, judge, sheripolster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, all fully knew, that forcingkidwell to attempt to do law work, would impose massive stress on kidwell,that it would aggravate kidwell's disabilities, endanger his life, and causekidwell to suffer additional stress-caused heart attacks, and likely die, indirect violation of florida law, f.s. 825.102(2)(c), which is a first degree felony. 11. the sarasota memorial heart hospital emergency room records of billykidwell, on 1-13-2022, prove that doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline,ashlea edwards, judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy,were killing billy kidwell by driving him to have bleeding ulcers, and a majorheart attack, that ruptured his aortic aneurysm when kidwell passed out, andfell, by terrorizing kidwell until he was fearful to get emergency medical care,and then not allowing billy kidwell to get needed, life-saving, emergencymedical care, while kidwell was having an active heart attack, with his aorticaneurysm rupturing.12. the sarasota memorial heart hospital, emergency room, aortic aneurysmoperation records of billy kidwell, and heart doctor records of billy kidwellon 1-13-2022, prove that billy kidwell was dying because doug mcmillon, karenroberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, judge, sheri polster chappell, andmagistrate, mac r. mccoy, would not allow billy kidwell to get needed, life-saving, emergency medical care.13. the doctors, nurses, and other sarasota memorial heart hospital, emergencyroom personel that interacted with billy kidwell, to save his life on 1-13-2022,are all witnesses that billy kidwell was in termal medical condition, and coulddie, because doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, judge,sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, obstructed needed,life-saving emergency medical care for billy kidwell, while he was having a lifethreatening heart attack, and while his life-threatening aortic aneurysm wasruptured.14. in the court order of magistrate mac r. mccoy on december 29, 2021,which was actually a "kill order", carefully worded by magistrate mac mccoythreatening kidwell not to get emergency medical care, and to do more lawwork instead, which would kill kidwell, mccoy lied about he facts, lied aboutbilly kidwell having an active heart attack, with a ruptured aortic aneurysm,and dieing, lied about how billy kidwell would likely die without emergency,life-saving medical care for his active heart attack, and ruptured aorticaneurysm, and threatened kidwell that he better do more law work, whichwas killing kidwell, instead of seeking needed, life-saving, emergencymedical care, or kidwell's walmart lawsuit would be dismissed.15. the court order of magistrate mac r. mccoy on december 29, 2021,clearly was a "kill order", telling kidwell that if he didn't keep attempting todo law work, and ignore getting needed, life-saving emergency medicalcare, that his walmart lawsuit would be dismissed, because of kidwellbeing too disabled, and sick, during a life-threatening heart attack, andlife-threatening aortic aneurysm rupture, to comply with magistratemccoy's court order.16. billy kidwell, his wife, tana kidwell, and daughter, hannah kidwell, are alleyewitnesses to the inhuman, intentional, aggravation of billy kidwell's stress,heart, aortic aneurysm, and bleeding ulcer disabilities by doug mcmillon,karen roberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, u.s. district court judge, sheripolster chappell, and magistrate mac r. mccoy, and their scheme to murder him.17. on janurary 12, 2022 billy kidwell was rushed to the sarasota memorialhospital emergency room, dying from trying to comply with magistrate macmccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell's, "kill order", and obstructionof needed, life-saving, emergency medical care, and had emergency surgery,in an attempt to save billy kidwell's life.18. on janurary 31, 2022 magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polsterchappell, enforced their threats to dismiss billy kidwell's walmart lawsuit ifhe didn't comply with their "kill order", and somehow find a way to do allthe lawwork, they had ordered him to do, while he was having an activelife-threatening, heart attack, and a life-threatening aortic aneurysm,which of course, was impossible for the elderly, dying, severely disabledvietnam veteran to do.19. the "kill order" of  magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polsterchappell, has cost the department of veterans affairs nearly a million, and ahalf taxpayer dollars, so far, and has caused billy kidwell to have three (3)operations, so far, and once (1) he almost died from internel bleeding, andwas rushed to the emergency room dying.20. billy kidwell is in extreme, inhuman pain, every minute of every day, dueto nerve damage, caused by the emergency aortic aneurysm operation.21. billy kidwell can't sleep for more than a few minutes, and can't walk,or take a shower, or do anything without assistance, all because two (2) corruptfederal judges, magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polster, wouldn'tenforce the americans with disabilities act rights of billy kidwell, and refusedto allow a severely disabled veteran to simply shop at walmart with hismedically needed p.t.s.d. service dogs.22. because those two (2) corrupt, walmart-owned, federal judges refused tocomply with well-settled law, as to the appointment of counsel, and refusedto ask the doj why they wouldn't comply with the u.s. attorney general'sorder to protect veteran's rights, billy kidwell was helpless, without anattorney to protect him, walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart generalcounsel, karen roberts, walmart attorneys,  arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, and u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistratemac r. mccoy, were able to torture, and attempt to murder billy kidwell, to"fix" case cv-517-spc-mrm, in the united states district court at fortmyers, florida, in favor of walmart. summarythe evidence is overwhelming that walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart generalcounsel, karen roberts, walmart attorneys,  arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, andu.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and u.s. magistrate mac r. mccoy,tried to murder the elderly, severely disabled, vietnam veteran, billy ray kidwell,in a scheme to fix case cv-517-spc-mrm, for walmart.and it is indisputable that they violated florida law, f.s. 825.102(2)(c), which is afirst degree felony.charge twoobstructing life-saving medical caredoug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, after beinginformed, by billy kidwell's motion for emergency medical care, that their torturehad caused billy kidwell to suffer bleeding ulcers, a life-threatening heart attack,and the life-threatening rupture of his aortic aneurysm, and after being fullyadvised, by the emergency motion, that kidwell was still alive, and would diewithout needed, emergency, life-saving, medical care, did obstructbilly kidwell from obtaining needed, life-saving, emergency medical care,during an active, life-threatening heart attack, and during an aortic aneurysmrupture, in a blatant attempt to cause billy kidwell's death.evidence1. medical emergency motion2. medical emergency exhibits3. the obstruction of needed, life-saving, emergency medical care for billykidwell by walmart ceo doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karenroberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards on 12-28-2021.4. the objections of doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards to kidwell's medical emergency motion, asking the court to "protect thelife of billy kidwell by suspending all time limits, until the va could provideemergency medical appointments to do heart, and aortic aneurysm tests,to determine if it was safe for billy kidwell to proceed in court".5. e-mails to doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashlea edwardsproving they knew billy kidwell was having an active heart attack, and they obstructed needed, life-saving, emergency medical care. [second e-mail].6. doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards also askedthe court to deny suspending the time limits for billy kidwell's daughter,hannah kidwell, who is his medical caregiver, needed to feed kidwell, givebilly kidwell his medications, and keep him alive.7. only one day after doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, filed objections to billy kidwell getting life-saving medical care,during a heart attack, and aortic aneurysm rupture, the court issued a courtorder, in which magistrate mac r. mccoy habitually lied about the facts, andfalsified the court order, filling his court order with blatant lies, to keepbilly kidwell from obtaining needed, life-saving, medical care, and therebycause kidwell's death.8. doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, ashlea edwards, judge sheripolster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy obstructed billy kidwellfrom obtaining emergency medical care durring his life-threatening heartattack, and life-threatening aortic aneurysm rupture, and refused to let billykidwell get emergency medical care, "just long enough to determine if it issafe for billy kidwell to proceed in the lawsuit". [see the billy kidwell'semergency medical motion at the section relief number 1.]9. it is a serious felony to obstruct any elderly, and/or, disabled person,from obtaining needed, life-saving, medical care durring a life-threateningheart attack, and/or, durring a ruptured life-threatening, aortic aneurysm.10. any person suffering a life-threating medical issue has an absolute rightto seek, and obtain, life-saving,medical care, and not even a walmart-ownedjudge, like sheri polster chappell, or a walmart-owned magistrate, likemagistrate, mac r. mccoy, have a right to obstruct billy kidwell fromobtaining needed, life-saving, emergency medical care, trying to cause hisdeath.summarythere is no grey area, doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, ashleaedwards, judge sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy,obstructed billy kidwell from obtaining needed, life-saving, medicalcare during a massive, life-threatening, heart attack, while kidwell's aorticaneurysm was ruptured, and tearing, endangering billy kidwell's life.  billy kidwell's medical emergency motion made it extremely clear that billykidwell needed emergency medical care to save his life, and that denyingemergency medical care to kidwell, could cause his death.there was no evidence, anywhere, contradicting billy kidwell's statements,and claims in his emergency medical motion, and a massive amount ofindisputable evidence, and many eye-witnesses, including medical experts,and medical records, prove that the statements made by billy kidwell in hisemergency medical motion were all true, and that not granting kidwell'semergency medical motion would likely result in kidwell's death.clearly knowing that they would likely cause billy kidwell's death, by opposing,obstructing, and/or, denying billy kidwell's motion to be allowed to seekemergency medical care durring a massive heart attack, and life-threateningaortic aneurysm rupture, walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart generalcounsel, karen roberts, walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards,and judge sheri polster chappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, objectedto allowing billy kidwell to obtain life-saving emergency medical care, andobstructed billy kidwell from obtaining life-saving emergency medicalcare, knowing they were causing billy kidwell's death.it is indisputable that walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel,karen roberts, and walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards,obstructed billy kidwell from obtaining needed, life-saving, emergencymedical care, while he was having a massive, stress-caused, life-threatening,heart attack, and a ruptured aortic aneurysm, in a scheme to cause billykidwell's death, and thereby fix case cv-517-spc-mrm, for walmart.charge threemagistrate, mac r. mccoy, in a partnership withu.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell,knowingly, and intentionally, issued a "kill order",a court order obstructing life-saving medicalcare, intended to cause billy kidwell's deathin an effort to fix case cv-517-spc-mrm in favor of walmart, magistrate macr. mccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell, issued a "kill order" that threatenedbilly kidwell, and obstructed him, from obtaining life-saving emergencymedical care, while forcing billy kidwell to do extensive legal work, with shortdeadlines, knowing he is medically unable to do so, and knowing the short deadlineswould cause billy kidwell to suffer massive undue stress, and a stress-caused,life-threatening, heart attack, and likely die.this "kill order" was carefully written to assure that billy kidwell would die if hecomplied with magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell's "killorder", resulting in his disability rights lawsuit being dismissed.in the alternative, if billy kidwell didn't comply with the kill order, and soughtlife-saving, emergency medical care, kidwell's lawsuit would still be dismissed.no matter what happened, magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polsterchappell were going to dismiss kidwell's disability civil rights lawsuit, to fixcase cv-517-spc-mrm, and protect their "friends" at walmart.in their "kill order" magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell,made all kinds of threats towards billy kidwell, to intimidate him, and make himscared to get life-saving, emergency medical care, during his life-threateningheart attack, and aortic aneurysm rupture, stating that if he didn't do a massiveamount of law work, within a short time period, that they would dismiss kidwell'sdisability rights lawsuit.in a feeble attempt to cover-up the illegal demands of magistrate mac r. mccoy,and judge sheri polster chappell, in their "kill order" the judges blatantly liedthroughout their "kill order", as they contradicted indisputable facts, and blatantlylied about billy kidwell's dire, life-threatening, medical condition, which isdocumented in over fifty (50) years of kidwell's va medical records.in their "kill order" magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell,who have never touched, or examined billy kidwell, engage in the felony, unlicensed,practice of medicine, as they diagnosed billy kidwell as not needing emergency,life-saving, emergency medical care, basing their illegal medical diagnosis onbilly kidwell having his daughter type the civil complaint they filed in their court.according to magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge sheri polster chappell, if adisabled veteran is able to file a disability rights lawsuit, even with assistance,the veteran is not really disabled, and the veteran does not have heart problems,or a ruptured aortic aneurysm, and the veteran is unable to have a heart attack,and therefore does not need to seek emergency medical care, not even when heis throwing up massive amounts of blood, bleeding internally, unable to breathe,having heart pains, suffering dizziness, and passing out, and other symptoms ofhaving a life threatening heart attack.never in america's history have a federal judge, and a magistrate, with no medicaltraining, claimed to know more than trained medical experts, and claimed to beable to make a medical diagnosis, without any medical exam, or actual knowledgeof the veteran's medical condition, and based solely on their desire to fix a lawsuitthe disabled victim has filed.billy kidwell was scared to seek emergency life-saving, medical care afterreceiving the kill order, with its threats, that kidwell's lawsuit would be dismissedif he sought life-saving, emergency, medical care.however, the heart attack symptoms, and aortic aneurysm rupture, got worse,and thepain got so bad billy kidwell couldn't breathe, so despite the threats by macr. mccoy, and sheri polster chappell, billy kidwell went to the port charlotte va,and was told he was dying and needed to go to the emergency room, as fast as possible.because the sarasota heart hospital is known for having better heart, and aneurysmdoctors, kidwell was rushed to the sarasota memorial hospital emergency room,and a quick blood test proved he had been having a severe, life-threatening heartattack, and that his heart was severely damaged because of kidwell trying to complywith the kill order of magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge, sheri polster chappell.when billy kidwell explained to the heart doctors that he had been suffering the heartattack since october 31, and that he had not sought emergency medical care becauseof the court threatening to dismiss his disability rights lawsuit, the expert heart doctorsstated that "kidwell could have died without the emergency medical care", and theystated that "judge sheri polster chappell, and magistrate mac r. mccoy, were clearlytrying to kill him".the heart doctors said "you don't play with symptoms of a heart attack, you alwaysget immediate life-saving, emergency medical care". [emphasis given to always.]the emergency room aneurysm doctor told billy kidwell he needed emergencysurgury, and that it was either emergency surgery, or hospitace, because billy kidwellwouldn't live one more day with his ruptured aortic aneurysm, that he would bleed todeath, without the emergency surgery.billy kidwell explained that magistrate mac r. mccoy, and judge, sheri polster chappell,had told kidwell he didn't need emergency care, and the aneurysm doctor stated that "thejudges were trying to kill him. that kidwell would die without emergency surgery."it is indisputable that according to medical tests, blood tests, x-rays, mri's, and heartand aneurysm experts, the december 29, 2021 court order of magistrate mac r.mccoy,and judge, sheri polster chappell, was a "kill order", that would have resulted in billykidwell's death, if he had continued to try to comply with it.shortly after saving his own life by going to the sarasota memorial hospital emergencyroom, and having emergency surgery to save his life, judge, sheri polster chappell, kepther threats, and she dismissed billy kidwell's lawsuit, to punish kidwell for being terminal,in dying condition, and being medically unable to comply with her kill order, which required the dying kidwell to do a substantial amount of law work, in a short period of time.in their scheme to make sure billy kidwell died, magistrate, mac r. mccoy,and judge sheri polster chappell, blatantly lied throughout their court orderdated december 29, 2021, and carefully worded their court order so that ifbilly kidwell complied with their dishonest court order, he would die.evidence1. medical emergency motionbilly kidwell's medical emergency motion, in the very first paragraph, states thatthe elderly, disabled vietnam veteran, billy kidwell, is suffering the symptoms ofa major, life-threatening, heart attack, and is medically unable to proceed, andmedically unable to stand stress.paragraph four (4) states that "the pro se litigant is so seriously ill that undue stress could cause a fatal, stress-caused, heart attack".paragraph eight (8) states "billy kidwell suffered a massive, suspected, life-threatening,heart attack".charge fourdoug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, asheaedwards, u.s. district court judge, sheri polsterchappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, did knowingly,and intentionally violate florida law, f.s. 825.102(2)(c),a first degree felonydoug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, and two (2)federal judges, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate,mac r. mccoy, did knowingly, and intentionally, violate florida law, f.s. 825.102(2)(c) bycharge fivedoug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, asheaedwards, u.s. district court judge, sheri polsterchappell, and magistrate, mac r. mccoy, did knowingly,and intentionally, violate title 18 section 241, and/or,title 18 section 242doug mcmillon, karen roberts, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, and two (2)federal judges, u.s. district court judge, sheri polster chappell, and magistrate,mac r. mccoy, didwalmart's motive for wanting to murder a disabled veteranin florida, walmart has a policy of sporadically attackingdisabled veterans using p.t.s.d. service dogs.billy kidwell is an elderly, disabled vietnam combat veteran with a back injuryfrom a rocket attack, a severe combat stress disorder (p.t.s.d.), that causes himto suffer long periods of insomia, stress-caused bleeding ulcers, stress-causedheart problems, including stress-caused heart attacks, and stress-caused p.t.s.d.anxiety attacks.kidwell's va priminary care doctor ordered him to use two, small, japanese chinp.t.s.d. service dogs, that calm him during p.t.s.d. anxiety attacks, and cankeep kidwell from suffering stress-caused bleeding ulcers, and stress-causedheart attacks, that can kill billy kidwell.billy kidwell was just released from the saint petersburg va hospital, for a life-threatening stress-caused heart attack, and went to the kings highway walmartin port charlotte, florida to shop with his daughter, hannah kidwell, who is hisva care-giver, and helps kidwell walk, while he leans on a shopping cart, withhis small medically-needed p.t.s.d. service dogs, to safely shop.kidwell had no problem shopping with his service dogs, however when paying forhis items, at the cash register, a walmart manager named "handy", attacked billykidwell, for needing to use p.t.s.d. service dogs to safely shop.the walmart store manager ran up, and stated that walmart doesn't have to complywith state, or federal disability laws, because she claimed that "walmart is privateproperty, and therefore, can do anything they want on their private property".the charlotte county sheriff was called, and the walmart store manager thensuborned perjury, and had her loss prevention officer take an oath, and then lieunder oath, on the sheriff's report, to conceal that the walmart manager, withthe nametag "handy", attacked kidwell solely for using medically-needed p.t.s.d.service dogs.billy kidwell, and his daughter, were illegally trespassed, based on the perjuredsheriff report affidavit, to punish kidwell, for being a disabled veteran.walmart, and the charlotte county sheriff, to increase the punishment, said kidwell,and his daughter, were trespassed from the king's highway part of town, andtrespassed from buying gas at murphy's gas, and from eating at culvers resturant,because walmart lied, and said murphy's gas, and culver's resturant, rented theland they are on, from walmart, and are part of walmart.the attack on kidwell for using service dogs, and the falsification of a sheriff'sreport by walmart, and the illegal trespass of billy kidwell, and his daughter, by useof a perjured sheriff's report, were all filmed by walmart.the ceo of walmart, doug mcmillon, and walmart general counsel, karenroberts, were made aware of the attack on kidwell, for using medically-neededp.t.s.d. service dogs, made aware of the falsification of a sheriff's report bywalmart, and the illegal trespass, and made aware that the kings highwaywalmart store made a video of everything.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, and walmart general counsel, karen roberts,refuse to comply with the americans with disabilities act, and cover-up crimesbilly kidwell sent letters by registered mail to both walmart ceo doug mcmillon,and walmart general counsel, karen roberts, making them fully aware that he wasattacked by walmart management, for merely being a disabled veteran, and awarethat walmart has a video of walmart's unprovoked assault, and illegal trespass,against billy kidwell, and his daughter, and video of the perjury by walmart.neither responded, and walmart continued to refuse to comply with state, andfederal disability laws, and continued to ban veterans with service dogs, continuedto illegally trespass kidwell, and his daughter, and continued to commit crimes, sobilly kidwell contacted the united states department of justice, which is requiredby law, to protect the rights of the disabled, and veterans.the united states department of justice told kidwell that "they don't have onepenny to protect disabled vietnam veterans rights", that they only protect the rightsof minorities, and the lgbtq community. (the justice department is required toprotect disability rights, and required to have funds to protect veterans rights.)attempted murder by walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, and walmart generalcounsel, karen robertssince the justice department refused to do their duty,to protect his right to usemedically-needed p.t.s.d. service dog(s), and he was unable to afford an attorneyto protect his rights, billy kidwell filed a pro se ada lawsuit in the united statesdistrict court in fort myers, florida.the complaint made it extremely clear that billy kidwell is medically-unable tostand stress, and that stress would likely aggravate his stress-caused bleeding ulcers,and/or a stress-caused, life-threatening, heart attack, and cause kidwell's death.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, and walmart general counsel, karen roberts,had a legal duty to comply with state, and federal disability laws, and allowkidwell to use his medically-needed p.t.s.d. service dogs in walmart to safelyshop, and they had a moral duty to stop illegally trespassing, and harming theelderly, disabled vietnam veteran, billy kidwell, to punish him for being a veteran.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, and walmart general counsel, karen roberts,having no ethics or morals, and knowing kidwell is severely disabled, andmedically unable to stand stress, hired attorneys, arlene kline, and ashleaedwards, with akerman llp to intentionally aggravate billy kidwell's stressdisability, and cause him to suffer a life-threatening, stress-caused heartattack, and hopefully die, so walmart would win kidwell's pro se ada lawsuit.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, and walmart general counsel, karen roberts,knew they could not win the lawsuit, if they were honest, because they had a videoof their illegal attack on kidwell, and their illegal trespass of kidwell, so theyfelt it was better to murder an elderly, disabled, vietnam veteran, then to losean ada lawsuit.two corrupt, federal judges, sheri polster chappell, and a magistrate,mac r. mccoy, help walmart's attorneys, fix the ada lawsuit, in favorof walmart, by causing billy kidwell's deathto cause kidwell's death, attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, actingwith the knowledge, and on behalf of ceo, doug mcmillon, and general counsel,karen roberts, used mere techinicalities, with the help of two walmart-ownedfederal judges, sheri polster chappell, and a magistrate, mac r. mccoy, toconstantly aggravate kidwell's disabilities, with the intent of fixing the adalawsuit against the ceo of walmart, by causing billy kidwell's death.together they aggravated kidwell's stress disability, until his body couldtake no more abuse, and billy kidwell started throwing up massive amounts ofblood, from his stress-caused bleeding ulcers, as he suffered a massive, stresscaused heart attack, and suffered a ruptured aortic aneurysm,when he passedout, and hit his stomach on a chair.walmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts, theirattorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, and two federal judges, judge, sheripolster chappell, and a magistrate, mac r. mccoy, had worked together to knowingly, and intentionally, aggravate billy kidwell's stress, stomach, and heartdisabilities, in a scheme to cause his death, to fix a lawsuit in favor of walmart.a second attempt to murder billy kidwellwhile suffering stress-caused, severely bleeding ulcers, a massive, stress-causedheart attack, and a ruptured, tearing aortic aneurysm, billy kidwell filed an emergencymotion for the court to appoint counsel, and suspend the lawsuit "just long enough   theevidence1. click here to see a copy of the complaint that gave walmartceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts,walmart attorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, andunited states district court judge, sheri polster chappell, andmagistrate mac r. mccoy, fair notice that:(a)  billy kidwell is severely disabled and medically unable tostand stress, and that causing him to suffer stress can cause himto suffer another stress-caused heart attack, and/or, stress-caused bleeding ulcers, and die.(b) that pursuant to f.s. 825.102 billy kidwell is both a disabled person, and anelderly adult, and that it is a first degree felony in florida to "knowingly, orwillingly, cause billy kidwell to suffer great bodily harm, or permanent disability"according to florida statute f.s. 825.102.(c) it should be noted that in nearly every state in the united states it is the felonyof attempted murder, to obstruct needed emergency medical care, when a personis suffering a heart attack, or an aortic aneurysm tearing (or ruptured), orsuffering some other life-threatening medical problem, needing emergency care.2. click here to see a 28 u.s.c. 1746 declaration of billy kidwell stating thatwalmart ceo, doug mcmillon, walmart general counsel, karen roberts, walmartattorneys, arlene kline, and ashlea edwards, and united states district court judge,sheri polster chappell, and magistrate mac r. mccoy, tried to murder kidwell, ina scheme to fix a lawsuit in favor of walmart.3. click here to see a 28 u.s.c. 1746 declaraction of tana kidwell stating that knowingly, and intentionally, lied in nearly every paragraph, liedabout the actual material facts, and without one speck of evidence, or even amedical exam, lied about billy kidwell's well-documented medical history,as those corrupt judges engaged in the criminal illegal practice of   misrepresented carefully assured billy kidwell would die.


 

 home page demanding criminal charges against walmart officials, and two federal judges | evidence of the attempted murder of the elderly disabled vietnam veteran billy kidwell | the refusal of the united states department of justice to protect disabled vietnam veterans rights | the army & va's article 15 con game | work | the united states government is causing veteran suicides | the army's p.t.s.d. con-game | the army's bad paper discharge con-game | the va's medical waiting list con game kills 307,000! | fifty (50) years of discrimination towards disabled vietnam veterans by the justice department | walmart bribed, and owns, the united states department of justice | how the federal courts fix cases against disabled vietnam veterans | the democrats giveth & taketh from veterans | the miracle of p.t.s.d. service dogs ! | videos of service dog harassment in florida | attorneys needed ! | about the victim | general site map







back to content | back to main menu


