






baseball, softball infield, sportfields, parking lots, golf courses, trail grooming maintenance equipment






































skip to content



























professional aggregate & turf grooming equipment










1-800-298-1707














working together to level the playing field.























 
home
contact
groomers
hitches
parts lists
 








 














welcome to rahn groomer






 rahn groomer provides professional aggregate and turf grooming equipment for professional and municipal uses including golf courses, beaches, sports fields, hiking and biking trails, parking lots and alleyways, and other aggregate and turf related applications.
rahn groomer provides a variety of specialized aggregate and turf grooming equipment for professional, athletic and municipal use.  whether you have a baseball field that needs grooming for the infield and outfield, a parking lot that needs a fresh grading to prep for the year ahead, or a city alleyway with potholes and an uneven grade, our specialized grooming equipment will ensure that your aggregate or turf landscapes are clean, even and can bring them back to a usable condition.
want to learn more about our equipment?  you can visit our groomers page to learn about our different styles of aggregate and turf groomers.  you can also visit the contact page and contact rahn groomer today with any questions you may have!











new for the 2023 season: horizontal lip brooms!




























lip brooms






available for the toro sand pro 3040/5040 models, with horizontal and vertical orientations available.  our lip brooms make edge maintenance easy, removing lip buildup by sweeping the aggregate back into the infield.





















gl 650






specializing in baseball fields, the gl 650 is capable of preparing and maintaining infield aggregate, by loosening and evening soil, and outfield turf, by dethatching and preparing for overseeding each new baseball season.





















flexsteel






the versatile flexsteel groomer is capable of handling a variety of landscapes including golf courses, beaches, sports fields, hiking and biking trails, parking lots & alleyways, and other aggregate and turf uses.























hitches






we manufacture and sell appropriate hitches to connect our professional aggregate and turf grooming attachments to a variety of equipment from manufacturers such as jabcobsen / cushman (textron), john deere, toro and others.





















replacement parts






already have a rahn groomer?  we offer a full selection of replacement parts for all of our equipment.  you can visit our parts lists page for detailed pdfs of each parts list for our aggregate and turf grooming equipment









 




















 
home
contact
groomers
hitches
parts lists
 






















rahn groomer, owned and operated by jr services of new prague, mn, provides specialized, professional aggregate and turf grooming equipment for a variety of professional and municipal uses including athletic field maintenance, baseball infield and outfield grooming, beach aggregate management, parking lot and alleyway grooming, hiking and biking trail management and other turf and aggregate grooming, maintenance and management needs.












copyright © 2022 - - jr services - - new prague, minnesota 56071










this website powered by zanitu.









 










