





tattoo calligraphy - meditative ink -chinese translation tattoos, custom kanji tattoo design and translation -transname.com






chinese name 
 chinese tattoo
 chinese sayings


stock character list 

client testimonials


chinese zodiacs

faq

home



videos


tattoo photo gallery

custom translation

 about chinese characters


what character is that


free symbols

about us

contact


 


 
 videos of tai writing her grass calligraphy



tattoo translation ( $10 ): we offer accurate translation for tattoos into beautiful calligraphy with the essential stencil outlines.
phrase translation ( $10 ) :  we will translate your phrase into a grammatically correct one, while making it concise and poetic.
word translation ( $10 ): translation of a maximum of 6 words .
name translation ( $10 ): your name will be translated phonetically into chinese characters which sound similar.  since different chinese characters can have the same pronunciation, you can thus specify the traits/meaning that you prefer for your translated name and the most appropriate characters will be used. 
chinese sayings from our list ( $10 ): choose from our selection of chinese sayings,idioms, proverbs
chinese characters from our list ( $5 ): choose from our selection of meaningful chinese words

  
 
  we have been specializing in chinese tattoo translation since 2000. transname.com is one of the earliest pioneers in offering chinese tattoo symbols on the internet with raving reviews. 
      update: 
 
  upon popular request, we will start taking custom brush design requests which require not just words, but also inkbrush painting and design.  message us at translate@transname.com or fill in our custom request form. let us know your concept, and we will let you know if possible. price depends on intricacy of design. 

  
  
 

see reviews and photos from our clients
 









style 1: classic style(traditional brush stroke style prevalent in use from the ancient times to nowadays)style 2: cursive style(an elegant cursive style highlighting the intricacies of chinese brush calligraphy)style 3: fluid style(a fluid style, also known as the "running" style)
style 4:grass style
(a unique flowing style which is like "walking on grass", handwritten by calligrapher tai. you will not find this one-of-a-kind calligraphy anywhere else). this is the perfect place to get your unique chinese tattoo
style 5:old style
(the clerical style originating from the tsun dynasty : 230 bc)

style 6: emboss style( a design by the webmaster combining the techniques of traditional calligraphy and modern computer design)style 7: slim style(known as shou jin shu -slim gold style, the signature calligraphy of emperor sung)
style 8: pictorial style(stems from original chinese oracle scripts with a pictorial inference)
style 9: engrave style(represents the ngai bei stone engraving style )
style 10: brush style(intricately done by hand with the chinese brush. this custom design is one-of-a-kind done by calligrapher tai)





 the flying white style is new. it is boldly handbrushed by tai, and it is best ordered together with outline files so that your tattooist can follow the intricate brush strokes.  it is only for custom tattoo, word and name orders, and not applicable to stock sayings and stock character orders. 
 




about our history:  we have been specializing in chinese tattoo translation and design since 2000.  we are one of the earliest pioneers in offering chinese tattoo symbols on the internet. over the past years, we have had the honor to serve customers from all over the world. read customer feedback
 

about our calligrapher:  tai   is a chinese brush painting artist and a skilled calligrapher with university education in both hong kong and north america. her calligraphy and artwork combines both traditional techniques and creative flair.her calligraphy has graced the skin of many satisfied customers for over a decade.
 
you can only order tai's one-of-a-kind grass and brush tattoo calligraphy here at transname.com and not anywhere else. see tai write her grass calligraphy in these videos
 

about your translators:  the translation team of tai and cheung will provide you with a translation that not only embodies the essence of the word/phrase but is also grammatically correct and sounds beautifully in chinese. some other sites may have standard phonetic translations for english names, with no attention paid to the meaning of the individual characters.  our team will give each name careful thought, and with your input, will come up with a meaningful phonetic translation. university educated in hong kong and north america, both  tai and cheung are native speakers of chinese, fluent in the cantonese, mandarin and toisan dialects. their mastery of both the english and chinese languages will guarantee the most accurate and appropriate translation for you.  over the past decade, we have had the honor to serve customers from all over the world. read customer feedback

 art of chinese calligraphy: calligraphy is one of the highest forms of chinese art. flow, rhythm, balance, line, and structure are more perfectly embodied in calligraphy than in painting or sculpture.  there are different styles ... formal, fluid, graceful, abstract, balanced, playful...and the list goes on. we offer many styles for you to choose from for your custom design.


about written chinese and spoken chinese:  the same chinese character may be pronounced differently in different dialects. there are many dialects in chinese, with the 2 major ones being mandarin and cantonese.  many chinese software offer pronunication input methods for both dialects.
mandarin (also known as putonghua) is widely spoken in many parts of china, taiwan and singapore, while cantonese is prevalent in hong kong, southern china, singapore and overseas.  many words sound similar in these dialects but there are more tonal variations in cantonese than mandarin.  our translation team is fluent in both dialects, and thus will pick a phonetic translation which will sound right in both mandarin and cantonese.


kanji and chinese characters: what looks to you like a symbol is actually a chinese character with pictorial, inferral and phonetic connotations. the chinese pictographic system of writing was imported to japan many centuries ago, and is known as " kanji " (in japanese, kan+ji = chinese+word). most kanjis have the same meaning as the original chinese characters, but some have evolved over time in japanese usage and the meanings are different from the chinese characters used nowadays. click here to learn more about the chinese character


about traditional and simplified characters: traditional characters are the standard characters with centuries of history and culture embodied in them. our site provides traditional characters and not simplified characters, so that the form, beauty and essence of the chinese character can be fully appreciated. 
. click here to learn more about the difference between traditional and simplified characters






stock characters and stencil outlines available


tattoo translation $10
tattoo appraisal $6.50
phrase $10
words $10name $10
saying $10
stock character $5
stock art $5















home |   about us | contact us | testimonials | link exchange | 
links | free symbols |  chinese zodiacs | kanji tattoos | chinese name translation | chinese tattoo design





© transname.com 
 


 
 
all prices quoted in us currency. 

*website terms of use








