


















home - international submarine engineering




























































































skip to content

 productsauvsexplorer auvexplorer auv 
international submarine engineering (ise) initiated the design of a modular auv, the explorer, following the success of the arcs auv from which some component designs were borrowed. the modularity of the explorer auv is optimized for longevity and adaptation to new requirements. the cylindrical pressure hull and the wet payload fairing are modular and can be lengthened or shortened. a high quality inertial navigation system aided by a doppler velocity log is provided to locate the seabed data.
read more
theseus auvtheseus auv 
theseus was originally developed to lay long lengths of fiber-optic cable under the arctic ice pack. the vehicle completed successful deployments to the arctic in 1995 and 1996. during the 1996 deployment, several 220 km cables were laid in 600 meter water depths under a 2.5 meter thick ice pack, establishing an auv endurance record of over 60 hours – all under ice.
read more
launch & recovery systemslaunch & recovery systems
the ise explorer autonomous underwater vehicle (auv) can be supplied with a wide variety of launch and recovery systems (lars) to meet your operational requirements. these allow you to recover your vehicle in high sea states with as few as two people on deck.
read moreautonomous dockingautonomous docking
ise has been developing a towed docking system to allow its explorer class auv the ability to autonomously dock for charging and data download.
read morerovshysub work class rovshysub 
the hysub defines an electro-hydraulic submersible family in the range of 6 to 250hp. several hysubs have been designed and built to operate to depths of 6000m. hysubs are generally equipped with 2 magnum manipulators. vehicles may be live-boated or cage deployed. these vehicles are provided with real time telemetry and control.
read more
defence rovsdefense rovs 
international submarine engineering ltd. (ise) has delivered hundreds of rovs to the marketplace over the last 5 decades with a significant number of those systems earmarked for defence related service in navies the world over, including the canadian navy, the united states navy, the french navy, the japanese defense force, the australian navy, among others.  ise is able to deliver either off-the-shelf rovs or specifically designed or customized systems to meet our customers’ naval mission requirements.
read more
rov toolingrov tooling 
ise also supports the rov industry by providing spare parts and specialized tools. the value of an rov is increased by its adaptability to different missions and its ability to conduct the most work in a single dive with the greatest efficiency. rov transit time to and from operating depths are typically non-productive stages of a dive, so the ratio of transit time to time at depth must be minimized. hence the more work that can be accomplished within a single dive, the greater the value of the configuration.
read more
control systems & consolescontrol systems 
 	the hysub consoles are used for operation and control of the remote vehicle. they are normally located in the control van or module or the operators room on the ship or platform.
ise supplies a number of different console configurations depending on customer preferences and vehicle complexity.
read more
semi submersiblesdoradodorado 
the growing threat from new-generation mines that are more difficult to detect has stimulated the demand for new minehunting systems that offer improved safety and efficiency. the dorado vehicle, which was in operational service with the canadian department of national defence, was developed to meet this need. dcn international, of france, is selling the dorado vehicle as part of their seakeeper system.
read more
aurora towfishaurora towfish 
aurora is an actively stabilized towfish that can accommodate a variety of wet and dry payloads.
development of the new generation of commercialized ise aurora towfish was recently completed. the vehicle design is modular, allowing the hull to accommodate wet and dry payloads of varying sizes.
read more
military applicationsmine countermeasuresmine countermeasures 
international submarine engineering has been directly involved in defense contracts for the last thirty-nine years. equipment for use by various navies has been designed, manufactured, tested and successfully supplied to these organizations. the canadian navy, the united states navy, the french navy, the japanese defense force and the australian navy plus several others have purchased both off-the-shelf vehicles and vehicles specifically designed to meet a defense mission requirement.
read more
surveillancesurveillance 
ise designed and manufactured auvs are well suited to meet the various applications required for todays demanding surveillance missions. our explorer class and theseus class auvs are two examples of ise auvs that have completed missions the world over, including extended missions in the challenging artic environment.
read more
route surveyroute survey 
route survey operations are a fundamental requirement to almost all marine and subsea related work whether it be scientific, environmental, energy, or military related. ise has played an integral role in providing systems to meet the requirements for ocean route survey systems since 2002.
read more
tooling & partsroboticsrobotics 
ise supplies manipulators & tools for land, marine and space applications to customers worldwide. for over 3 decades, since it's inception, ise has manufactured over 400 robotic manipulators. ise develops and manufactures robotics manipulators systems for many applications.
read more
antennaeantennae
the ise subsea antenna offers a complete surface communications solution for underwater vehicles in a single compact hydrodynamic package. it is constructed from aluminum and impact resistant polymer to withstand abuse. underwater bulkhead connectors allow for quick field servicing and replacement.
read morehydraulic power unitshydraulic power units
ise's hydraulic power units provide a reliable source of hydraulic power that can be used for a range of subsea hydraulic applications like actuators and motors.
read morevariable ballastvariable ballast system
ise’s variable ballast system provides a unique capability for underwater vehicles: the ability to vary buoyancy by up to 60 kg at depths of up to 5000 meters.
read moreelectronicsgps interface boardgps interface board
the ise gps interface board is used with trimble mb-two 106960-02 or bd9250.the device operates as both a gps receiver carrier board as well as a pps output.
read moreground fault boardground fault board
the ise ground fault monitoring board (p/n: cep01-005) can monitor ground fault isolation for up to 8 channels simultaneously.the ground fault
board communicates via can bus or isolated rs232 communication port.
read morewater alarm boardwater alarm board
the ise water alarm monitoring board can monitor up to 8 water alarm sensors simultaneously, 2 rtd channels, ambient temperature, humidity, and absolute pressure.
read morespecialized systemsho & hybrid systemshuman occupied (ho) & hybrid submersibles 
although the number of autonomous vehicles and unoccupied submersibles have dramatically increased in step with marine related technological innovations, there will always be operational requirements for human occupied (ho) and hybrid systems whether it be for military, recreational, commercial, or scientific purposes. ise has completed several successful ho and hybrid submersible projects.
read more
innovative solutionsinnovative solutions 
international submarine engineering ltd. (ise) strives to ensure our products feature the most up-to-date designs and technology; we place special value in research and development, aligning our efforts in partnerships involving universities, government agencies and specialist companies. ise has developed and engineered a host of innovative products over our 40+ years in the subsea marine market and will continue to innovative solutions to meet the requirements of our customers.
read more
servicesmedia & infopress releasesblogeventsarticlestestimonialsour companyabout ushistoryjob opportunitiesquality assurancecontact











 



home



auv, rov & subsea solutions since 1974


international submarine engineering (ise) has been a world leader in the design and integration of autonomous & remotely-operated robotic vehicles, terrestrial robotics, and subsea robotic systems for 50 years. ise specializes in modular systems which can be combined to fit your requirements.





flexible services
ise is able to meet & exceed the requirements of its customers due to the consideration given to modularity, quality, and ease of maintenance throughout all phases of our design and manufacturing processes.

learn more
innovative products
ises success and long list of technical achievements is attributable to our philosophy of close attention to what our customers want, as well as consideration of future requirements. this mindset enables us to consistently bring innovative and exceptional products to market.
learn more
who we are
since its inception in 1974, ise has not only introduced some of the first rov and auv systems to the market, but has become a regular source of innovation in subsea robotics systems for commercial, scientific, and military clients.

learn more




need a solution for a complex project?
our team has evolved a unique skill set for turning concepts into solutions.contact us today



international submarine engineeringi understand international submarine engineering ltd has received the distinguished mts compass international award, and for this accomplishment i am pleased to congratulate you. i understand that your peers have awarded you this prestigious award for the second time.

you have shown great leadership in the field of undersea development, robotics and remotely operated vehicles. this distinguished award will go well with your most impressive collection of industry awards.the honorable gordon campbell, premier, province of british columbiainternational submarine engineeringi understand international submarine engineering ltd has received the distinguished mts compass international award, and for this accomplishment i am pleased to congratulate you. i understand that your peers have awarded you this prestigious award for the second time.

you have shown great leadership in the field of undersea development, robotics and remotely operated vehicles. this distinguished award will go well with your most impressive collection of industry awards.the honorable gordon campbell, premier, province of british columbiainternational submarine engineeringi just wanted to thank you for the great rov handbook you generated. at the rov conference in florida, i picked up a copy at the ise booth and thought you did a real find job in collecting all the formulas you would (and probably still do) come up with during sea trials to explain system performance, and design criteria... looking through the wide range of unique systems that ise has put together is proof that your manufacturing goals of specialized systems is valid in our industry.c. grech, monterey bay aquarium research institute (mbari)international submarine engineeringreturned from offshore yesterday. the seal replacement tool manufactured by ise worked like a dream. i think it took all of one minute to install the seal. the tool actually replaced an rov docking skid, two hydraulic ratchets, and a 95 lb seal replacement tool that required two dives to install one tool. soi (shell offshore inc.) was impressed with the turn around time... job well done.d. hernandez, rov consultant, bpinternational submarine engineeringthis is to formally thank you and everyone on your team for the excellent work performed by ise on the mcdv program. the min payload has met all its requirements with flying colors including finishing ahead of schedule. considering the differing products and cultures between mda and ise, i think we can by very proud of the excellent working relationship established on this program.

i believe your personal leadership has a large part in this. while i know you will be the last to take the credit for this, i think credit should be given where credit is due. i would also like to thank ise for the cooperation and assistance been given to us from a marketing perspective in the usa. this is a further example of the cooperation between our two companies, and i look forward to doing more business with you in the future.b. sheppard, mcdv project manager, macdonald dettwilerinternational submarine engineeringropos performance has been outstanding. it has required little maintenance and most time, when in the water, has been dedicated to science equipment installation, removal and repair.k. shepherd, general manager, operations manager, canadian scientific submersible society (cssf)international submarine engineeringthe answer to this belongs to a lot of people. however, if i narrow it down i would say jim mcfarlane sr, president of ise in vancouver. i worked for jim in the very early days of rovs. whilst i had been on manned sub ops for two years, his knowledge of design and concept from first principles has stood me in good stead ever since and has enabled me to develop my own company along these essential parameters.international ocean systems asked chris lokuciewski, managing director and owner of hydro-lekinternational submarine engineeringin the relatively short time that eastport international has owned this system (hysub 25 rov), we now receive "request to bid" packages specifying the hysub 25 as the primary system. in fact we have had a client state in the bid proposal to us that if the hysub 25 was not available they would elect to use another rov contractor. this type of notice from an offshore operator has previously been unknown in the oilfield. the outstanding reliability and versatility, together with the support that eastport international has experienced with this system has shown me, that not only do we purchase an rov system from international submarine engineering, we become a member of an engineering and support team.d. l. mantei, operations manager, eastport internationalinternational submarine engineeringthe absolutely exciting news is that ropos has been working successfully at a water depth of 4900m off alaska continuously for the past 14 hours. in addition, we found the most interesting venting communities yet at a subduction zone setting. we are exhilarated; everybody did an outstanding job.prof. dr. e. suess, ifm-geomarinternational submarine engineeringthanks to the brilliant organization of the iser team, the demos have been a full success with more than 30 foreign guests from 16 countries. all were impressed by what they have seen, and we have created or improved links with them.p. waquet, dcn internationalinternational submarine engineeringi would also like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to both yourself and your company for the swift and expert attention to our problem... we are pleased that this episode has given us the opportunity to work with ise at long last and you may be assured that we will be calling upon its services again in the future.g.p. wallace, manager, subsea technology dept, cable & wireless marineinternational submarine engineeringthanks for checking on us. we are doing well, and the hammerhead has been working great - ise builds a solid vehicle.j.waters, project manager, fugrochance inc.international submarine engineeringon the noaa trip concluding july 18, ropos has worked so well it has been almost boring.j. garrett, manager, government relations and corporate development, cssf









we are located at international submarine engineering ltd.1734 broadway st. port coquitlam, bc, v3c 2m8
contact us for expert advice call us: 604 942 5223 or e-mail us
need to send us a fax? ok! 604 942 7577
catch us on social media 












  

				© 2025 international submarine engineering limited all right reserved. | privacy policy

website design by longevity graphics











navigation 

homeproducts▼auvs▼explorer auvtheseus auvlaunch & recovery systemsautonomous dockingrovs▼hysub work class rovsdefence rovsrov toolingcontrol systems & consolessemi submersibles▼doradoaurora towfishmilitary applications▼mine countermeasuressurveillanceroute surveyequipment▼roboticsantennaehydraulic power unitsvariable ballastelectronics▼gps interface boardground fault boardwater alarm boardspecialized systems▼human occupied (ho) & hybrid submersiblesinnovative solutionsservicesmedia & info▼press releasesblogeventsarticlestestimonialsour company▼about ushistoryjob opportunitiesquality assurancecontact 









































