



barth's burgery - you can't do that on television















welcome to barth's burgery
serving up the best roadkill on the web!






"i heard that!"




you can't do that on television
everything you ever wanted to know!












"but were afraid to ask!"

les lye lives on at
barth's burgery!



image links & stuff








episode guide of ycdtotv
episode guide
















cast members of ycdtotv
cast members















alpha list of episodes
click here

















see the worst of ycdtotv disclaimer
disclaimer















pre-empted shows
click here

















you can't do that on television trivia:








1) adam reid (former ycdtotv cast member) was co-writer for the pollution 89 episode (and others).

2) alanis morissette starred in the 1986 season of you can't do that on television and appears in the enemies & paranoia 86 episode in this set. it is rumored that she financed her first cd with the money she made from being on the show.

3) adam reid later became a writer for the show and went on to become a successful television writer and producer.

4) in the 1979 season, the show had live musical guests that performed in studio a at cjoh-tv in ottawa. billy joel, eddie money, and michael jackson were some of the more famous musical acts that performed on the show.

5) you can't do that on television was filmed in studio d at cjoh-tv in ottawa. (and some sketches were shot in studio a.)

6) les lye is the only cast member who appeared in every single episode.

7) the kids got paid extra when they got watered or slimed on the show. they got $75 for each watering and $150 for each sliming.

8) the water and slime scenes were usually shot late in the evening, because the kids would have to immediately go and take a shower.

9) the waterings and slimings were completely staged. they would film the scene up to the set-up and then stop. the director would have the camera man pull in for a close-up. a plastic sheet was put on the floor and the kid would take off his shoes. then the kid would say the magic word(s) and either get slimed or watered. the kids were told to turn their face upward so that the slime (or water) would get all over their face. ian fingler after getting slimed in a 1979 episode was the only kid ever to say after getting slimed, "ouch!" the other cast members kidded him about it.

10) abby hagyard (who played mom on the show) wore latex gloves on most of the episodes because the producers thought her hands were too 'elegant looking' for a hard working housewife.

11) the set where christine 'moose' mcglade does the introduction to the show is called "the link set".

12) often when the credits were rolled at the end of the show, if you look closely you'll see gag credits like: "this is like watching paint dry!"

13) darryl lucas (who played barth's helper zilch) was the only kid who did not play himself on the show. all the other kids played themselves. daryl lucas' father was head of marketing at cjoh-tv.

14) roger price and geoffrey darby shot two pilots in 1983 -- ufo kidnapped and bear lake. unfortunately neither of the shows were picked up.

15) brenda mason was the director for over 50 of the you can't do that on television episodes.

16) the very first thing ever recorded for you can't do that on television was an intro. it was a long burp, with les lye (as the announcer) saying, "you can't do that on television!" on the day of the first broadcast, geoffrey darby said that the show was about to go on. at the last minute, he qued the tape to just past that intro and it was never used for any of the episodes.

17) at the christmas party and end-of-the-season party, alannis morrisette would sing and put on a show for the cast members and crew. she was twelve.

18) in some of the doctor's office sketches, if you look at the eye chart on the wall it says, "u owe me $30".

19) les lye created many of the catch-phrases on the show.
a) blip from the blip's arkaid sketches, "sometimes it's so easy!"
b) el capitan in the firing squad sketches, "ready, aim, fire!"
c) barth in the barth's burgery sketches, "duh, i heard that!"
d) mr. schidtler in the classroom sketches, "where does the school board find them and why do they keep sending them to me!"

20) les lye taught at the community college in ottawa. geoffrey darby was one of his students.

21) jim clarke (the sound man for the show) still has the painted lockers used in the show. the cast of the 1990 season signed their names inside the yellow locker.

22) the very first green sliming. in the 1979 season, tim douglas had the honor of being the first kid to ever
get slimed. here's the story behind that first sliming: the producers roger price and geoffrey darby came up
with this idea to dump green slime all over the kids. so they went to the stage crew and ask them to fix up a
bucket of gross slimey green slop. well, dean carley and paul copping did exactly what the producers asked. they
took a bucket and filled it with food left-overs, water, oatmeal, and other stuff. it set out overnight and the
next day, they dumped it over tim's head in one of the dungeon scenes. immediately afterward, the crew realized
that this was not going to work. the stuff really stank and they were afraid it would make the kids sick. so the
producers got with the stage crew and told them that it didn't really have to be nasty, it only had to look
nasty. and so green slime was born. the basic receipe for green slime is: water, green jello, cream of
wheat, and baby shampoo.

23) the first scene ever taped for you can't do that on television. it featured ross (les lye)
instructing jono gebert on how to be a weather forecaster. check out ross' hair.

24) ruth buzzi starred in the 1979 prime-time version of you can't do that on television
entitled whatever turns you on.

25) in the 1986 censorship episode, alasdair is in the

dungeon with nasti (les lye).  alasdair asks why he's

in the dungeon.  nasti says it's because you've been

saying 'hell' and 'rude' words.  alasdair says i'm not

saying bad words, that's the name of the associate

producer, helen rhude.  check the credits at the end of

the show.  the associate producer is helen rhude.

26) some parts of the 1979 season (like the link set)

were done live.  that's right!  if the kids flubbed

their lines, there was no re-do.

27) there were no shows produced for the 1988 season.


28) christine's little sister, her brother, and her dad

all had cameo appearances on the show.

29) in one of the sketches, the crew had rigged an

explosive to blow up the kitchen sink.  the explosive

was too big and the sink really did blow up.

fortunately no one was injured.

30) here are some characters that were created by les

lye:
barth bagg -- barth's burgery
ross ewich -- floor director
seth poole -- engineer
r. sole -- director
lance prevert -- dad

31) les lye created a character called 'snake eyes'.

he was the school bus driver.  when the kids would

really act up, he would pull out a pistol and shoot a

hole in the roof of the bus.  nickelodeon sent the

episodes back and said they had to re-do them without

the gun.  they didn't want to have a gun in a

school-related sketch.

32) lisa ruddy had the nickname 'motormouth' on the

show.  the writers gave her that nickname because she

was late to rehearsal one day.  she told them she had

to stay after school for talking in class.  hehe

33) kevin schenk said that one time the crew had forgot

to take the green slime out of the refrigerator.  they

had made it the day before.  it was very cold and

almost solid.  he said it just about knocked him out

when it hit him on the head.

34) in one of the early episodes, kevin schenk was

supposed to act like he kicked les lye in the leg.  les

said kevin missed and kicked him hard in the leg.  he

wanted to kill kevin, but you can't do that on tv.

35) les plays 'uncle roger' the pirate in the relatives

85 episode. at slimecon 2002 convention, les tells of

an incident that happened at the end of the sketch. les

takes his sword and turns it around backwards where the

blade was not sharp. then he runs the blunt edge across

his tongue. as you can imagine, this part was cut out

of the network broadcast version.

36) in the relatives 85 episode, adam kalbfleisch in

some sketches has a cast on his arm and in some

sketches he didn't.  he broke his arm at school.

37) doug ptolemy had very long hair.  during one of the

breaks in filming he cut his hair short.  when he

returned to the set, roger price was very angry with

him for cutting his hair.

38) contrary to popular belief, doug ptolemy and

vanessa lindores are not brother and sister. hehe


39) around 1980, geoffrey darby and roger price took their

idea and went to wgbh in boston where they produce one

season of don't do that!.  none of the cast from

you can't do that on television were involved

with this production.  instead of green slime, this

show had 'yellow yuck'.


40) kevin kubusheskie met roger price on a

plane flying into ottawa.  kevin was eleven

years old and flying alone. after landing,

roger gave kevin's mother his business card

and told her to bring kevin up to cjoh-tv for

an interview.

41) kevin schenk got in trouble for drawing

cartoons on his copy of the show script.

kevin is now a successful graphic artist.

42) during one of the blip's arcade sketches,

roger price was upset because the shoot wasn't

going as planned.  he slapped his hand down on

the top of a pinball machine and broke the

glass.  it shocked everyone.  fortunately he

wasn't injured.

43) there was a real video arcade around the

corner from cjoh-tv and sometimes the kids

would sneak out and go play games.

44) even though the food at barth's burgery

looked gross, generally it was actual food

with green food coloring and could be eaten.

45) before moving to canada, roger price

produced a children's television show similar

to ycdtotv over in the uk.

46)  geoffrey darby was one of the creators of

double dare.

47) this is how kevin schenk got on the show:

he told a joke during one of the on-location

shoots where the public was invited.  these

were pre-recorded then played back during the

show.  no one on the show knew what his name

was.  roger price liked him and during the

show they played kevin's clip and requested

that he call the show.  kevin was not watching

the show but a friend of his was and called

the show.  roger called kevin and had him come

in for an interview.

48) the adoption 87 episode and the divorce 84

episode were banned from network broadcast on

nickelodeon.

49) cjoh-tv was one of the first television

stations to acquire an ultimatte machine (an

early version of chroma keying).  they

couldn't get it to work and the creator of the

machine came up to ottawa to make it work.

they used it a lot on the show.

50) jill stanley stared in "tommy tricker and

the stamp traveller" (1988) just prior to

staring on ycdtotv.

51) roger price can be seen in several cameos

on the show, usually sitting in the crowd on

the movie theater sets and as a spectator in

crowds.  geoffrey darby also did several

cameos in the early seasons.

52) kevin kubusheskie and christine mcglade

produced some of the later shows.

53) roger price now lives in paris.

54) justin cammy is a professor at a north

eastern university.

55) this is how adam reed got on the show:  he

called up to the station and asked to speak to

roger price.  they patched the call through to

roger.  roger told adam to write him a letter

explaining why he should be on the show.  adam

did and the rest is history.

56) green slime shampoo was a spin-off product

from the show.  i have an original bottle of

it.

57) geoffrey darby is the founder and

president of the oxygen network.

58) the contests 86 episode was based on a

video tape that emily reichbach made with her

family.  she sent the tape to roger who loved

the idea.  he flew her and her family to

ottawa to see the taping of the show.  emily

reichbach and her brother ian are credited as

co-writers of the episode.  emily reichbach

also produced the slimecon 2002 convention.

thanks emily for a wonderful convention that

i'll never forget.   :)

59) the television 82 episode was the first

episode that vanessa lindores appeared in.

during a link set sketch, green, red, blue,

yellow, and striped slime was dropped on

vanessa and christine.  trivia from the movie

"basic instincts": this clip from ycdtotv was playing

in the background on a television set during

one of the scenes in the movie.

60) in one of the episodes, mr. schidler

(played by les lye) is chastising the class

for a naughty picture that was drawn on the

blackboard.  and if you look close, there

really is a naughty picture on the blackboard.

61) roger price also created the television

show, "the tomorrow people".

62) the producers would shoot five episodes of

the show simultaneously, then edit each

individual episode together from all the

clips.

63) occasionally bloopers were left in the

broadcast version of the show.  in the drugs

82 episode, at the very end, kevin somers is

being interrogated by les who is doing a great

impersonation of john wayne. les flubbs his

line and they leave it in. he laughs and says,

"we'll have to do that one again."
and then he tells kevin, who had just got

slimed, watered, and pied, "wasn't that fun

kevin?" in another episode, alasdair is in the

dungeon chained up to the wall.  he breaks one

of the chains loose from the wall and says,

"oh!"



































the gmp group




updated on 21 feb 2022

about | terms of use | contact 



