





lake champlain land trust — the lake champlain land trust is a member-supported land conservation organization. since 1978, we have protected the lakeshore, islands, wetlands, water quality and natural areas of lake champlain.




















































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer
donate
search this website

about the lake

lake champlain facts
improving water quality
current lake level
current lake temperature


educational resources

explore our outdoor classrooms
for teachers
for landowners
nature snapshots
rain gardens


volunteer
e-newsletter sign up

lake champlain land trustthe lake champlain land trust is a member-supported land conservation organization. since 1978, we have protected the lakeshore, islands, wetlands, water quality and natural areas of lake champlain.donate
about us

our mission
where we work
about the lake
accreditation
staff
board
internships


what we do

protecting land for public use
combatting climate change
conserving key habitats
conserving wildlife corridors
partnering with communities
stewarding the land
improving water quality
connecting kids and adults to the land


protect your land

conservation options
tax benefits


hike & paddle

places to hike and paddle
a paddler’s journal


ways to give

support our work
make a monthly donation
honorarium and memorial gifts
ira gifts
planned giving
gifts of stock and assets
gifts of real estate
life estate
business + corporate giving
volunteer


main content


saving the lake and the land caring for the land   saving land for public use conserving wildlife habitat hiking, paddling, & swimming protecting water quality
 

landscape scale conservation

conserving key wildlife corridors in chesterfield, ny: learn more


floodplain forest conserved

conservation success in charlotte, vt: 85 acres saved! learn more


places to hike and paddle

get outside and explore our close-to-home natural areas! 


explore rock point

experience burlington’s urban wilderness | two miles of scenic trails trail map & more


climate resilience

protecting land to combat climate change and build resilience: learn more


conserving history in whitehall

history happened here: protecting land at the “lake station” docks learn more


our mission
founded in 1978, the mission of the lake champlain land trust is to save the scenic beauty, natural communities, and recreational amenities of lake champlain by permanently preserving significant islands, shoreline areas, and natural communities in the champlain region.


 protect your land
leave a family legacy. ensure room for wildlife. keep lake champlain clean. conserve the land for future generations. we offer several voluntary conservation options for landowners in new york and vermont.
learn more



 
receive the latest news and events when you subscribe.



footer 

rock point trails (burlington)
eagle mountain (milton)
goodsell ridge fossil preserve

places to hike and paddle
archer family legacy society
current lake temp and level

facebookinstagramyoutube
lake champlain land trust 
one main street, suite 205
burlington, vt 05401
(802) 862-4150
*protected email*

© 2025 lake champlain land trust · log in (802) 862-4150
*protected email*






















