












fma uk - fma uk - uk's national charity for fibromyalgia






















































skip to menu
skip to content
skip to footer





homewho we arewhat does fma uk do?appgpolicies and proceduresmedical advisory boardmab membersget involveddonatefundraisinga gift in your willposters and resourcesvolunteeringaccessing fma uk infodonateformsrequest resourcesusername changegift aid formvolunteer enquiryhealth professional pack requestsite errorsuser contribution formcontact request formbsr event formfundraising formsupport group enquiry formtest ssg formsite loginsite mapinformationinfo bookletsbenefits articlesfaq'sbook reviewsmedical packmedical pack infosend medical pack to your gpglossarylegal supportuseful information>older informationfocus magazineask about medicinesarticlesfamily archivefibromyalgia is realmemories of bobspecialist infofaq list 2all categoriesshopcontactsall contactshead officefma uk general contactspress enquirieshelplinesnew numberssupport groups (rc's)trusteeslinksnews and eventsarticleseventspress releasescustomxmascardsgalleryforumscharity onlyhow to access charity arearegistration documentlogin





search
 














twitter page


























			festive and winter fundraising


  your donations will help us support even more people with fibromyalgia.

  read on, and see how you can do this over the festive and winter months.

  have you already organised your fundraising? let us know by filling in our online form here so we can offer support and fundraising resources.

  if you have any questions or would like help with fundraising, get in touch with us at this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it..

  to quickly donate to us, please click the 'donate now' button on the right.


 

 

 



					read more...






			great north run

great north run 2025
***update*** we have 5 charity places in gnr2025! apply for your place today!



how to run for fibromyalgia action uk?
get a charity place from fma uk
we are forming our team for the gnr 2025. a registration fee of £50 and a minimum fundraising pledge of £350 (excluding gift aid and matched funding.) is required. if you would like to apply for a charity place, please apply here.
the great north run will return on sunday, the 7th of september 2025. this highly contested race never disappoints, as the world's running elite battle it out over the 13.1 mile course.
if you already have a place and would like to join our team of runners, we would love to hear from you. please email us at this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.





			kiltwalk

kiltwalk 2025
walk for fibromyalgia action uk, raise awareness of fibro, and help fund our vital services.

it's time to don the tartan and get your walking shoes on - kiltwalk is back in 2025. with 4 locations covering three distances and and an extra date added for a big stroll in glasgow, there is a kiltwalk for everyone. 


					read more...






			christmas cards

christmas cards 2024
avoid the christmas rush and order your fma uk christmas cards from our online shop today!
our christmas cards help spread awareness of fibromyalgia as well as raise vital funds to support our services. a brief description of fibromyalgia is given on the back of each card along with fma uk's contact details.
spread some christmas joy with fma uk christmas cards
free postage is included. buy your packs here.





			the history of fibromyalgia



    it is international awareness day which falls on florence nightingales birthday each year. around the world on may 12th there are events, awareness being raised and activities about increasing the awareness of fibromyalgia.
     



    we thought this year as we have been creating a series of video content that we would create one that shows the history of fibromyalgia. some people think it is a new condition with some dismissing it as a fad or made up. it is not and it is certainly not new. veterans returning from world war 2 were dismissed as some still are today.



  when checking out the videos on our youtube channel be sure to like and subscribe and keep an eye out for new videos.




     



     






			fibromyalgia awareness

please share our short video about fibromyalgia to raise more awareness of the condition.

 
click here if you would like to order a free information pack to any address in the uk.




more articles...



			adventure challenges



			fibromyalgia featured on bbc morning live



			volunteer week 2023



			new product



			fundraising whilst shopping



			chocolate cake day





				page 1 of 9			
startprev123456789nextend 














user name



password



remember me






 



			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?



				create an account











highlights



fundraisingpublicationswhat is fm?































     



     










most read content





			information pack



			patient booklet



			fibromyalgia is real



			how to contact us and get more info



			young people and fibromyalgia



















how to contact us and get more info

		our professionally printed information pack on fibromyalgia can be found here to view. you will also receive a free copy on request. we also have a booklet for young people with fibromyalgia that you can obtain on request and will be on the website soon.

fma uk has recently changed some of its telephone numbers for helplines and groups. please check here for more information on the new contact numbers if required.

		fma uk offers a range of support and information including:



national helpline 0300 999 3333 (10am - 4pm mon - fri)

benefits helpline 0300 999 0055 (10am - 12pm mon, wed and fri)

complimentary information booklets for doctors and other professionals (fully referenced)

books and videos

website contacts with legal specialists 

		conferences

local support group and helpline contacts 


	the charity is run by volunteers, most of whom have fibromyalgia.
 







health professional pack
	if your health care professional needs some education in fibromyalgia you can request that an fma uk health professionals pack is sent out to them. all we need is the name of the health careprofessional and the address of their practice. we will then send a pack to their surgery addressed from us to them.

	you can request a medical pack using this form.
 





join a support group
you can find a support group near you by contacting the regional coordinator for your area. if there does not happen to be a support group near you then maybe you can join with some other members and set one up. support groups provide a social benefit as well as the opportunity to share tips on coping with fibro. they come in all shapes and sizes and we are often told how they have helped people.
 








latest product 







 full colour enamel logo mobile phone / handbag charm £2.60 



 plugmate £1.40 

 

 3 reusable coffee cups - americano style £25.49 



 reusable coffee cup - americano style £10.49 

 

 easy grip pen with fma uk information £2.60 



 running vest with fma uk logo £13.90 

 

     




 



you are here: home




donatelinkshosted by equinoxitcprivacydisclaimert's & c'sfeedback© 2015










          fibromyalgia action uk (fma uk) is a registered charity in england and wales (1042582). a company limited by guarantee (sc492045). 
      registered address: suite 3006, 12 seedhill road mile end mill, paisley, pa1 1js 


go to top




we use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. to find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our cookie use page.i accept cookies from this site. agree


