
































    
    active retirement community in san antonio, tx | timberhill villa
  
  



 


 
 
 












             
  

timberhill villa
 call (210) 684-3480 today to schedule a tour with us


   
    home



  why timberhill


   our story





  resident life


   calendar



  amenities





  villa apartments



  contact



  blog












    
 





         

call us today!





   safe, simple and affordable housing for seniors villa apartments & retirement community in san antonio, tx    






   as you get older you want to maintain your independence.  in order to do that you need to simplify and find an affordable, safe, place to live.   timberhill villa retirement community has been the safest, most affordable option in san antonio for over 40 years now and we have all the amenities you need to keep life simple.   

our story




   

      


  




















why timberhill       






















resident life
      




























calendar      


  




















villa apartments


   
resident life our residents are so appreciative that they are not isolated and alone.  they are together around the table at meal times, playing table games, working puzzles and enjoying music all in the safety of our community.   

rates


 



  
 
medical care we are also located near area medical facilities, which makes it fast and easy to get the care you need when you need it. and with our scheduled transportation, you never have to worry about getting around. timberhill villa also provides living tree home health and a visiting physician available on site. medicare insurance programs are accepted!    

contact




   
remain active timberhill villas is designed to satisfy the needs of active residents. there is always something to do, whether it’s yoga, happy hour, weekly activities, or just enjoying a fine meal with friends or visitors. it is our goal to provide a safe, comfortable environment that allows you to live your life to the fullest. you’ll greet every morning with a renewed sense of excitement for what the day will bring. we invite you to have a seat by the fireplace with our friendly timberhill family. 



   
style and comfort it’s never easy to leave your home. however, the unparalleled style and comfort of our stunning villa apartments make it easier to enjoy your new surroundings. at this point in your life, you expect more than just the bare necessities. our luxury units get the seal of approval from even our most discriminating residents. once you take a tour, you may expect to pay a premium for such tasteful accommodations. you can rest assured that our apartments are absolutely affordable. 
 



     


 


     
  “we are very pleased with the accommodation and amenities timberhill villa provides its residents. jeanne and the staff are very welcoming and take a personal interest in the lives and families of all who live there. there are many things about the villa that make it a comfortable, safe place to live, but my very first impression was of the dining room where the food is excellent, service is impeccable and where staff calls each resident by name.”


  

~d. tollett



 
  “timberhill villa has good food, neat apartments and great people who reflect inviting warmth to you!”


  

~barbara m. (resident)









    


  contact us
   name:

 *email:

 phone:

 *message:





  thanks for your message and contacting us. we will get back to you as soon as possible.


  oops, there was an error sending your message. please try again later.






     


contact us today for more information.   

schedule a tour








      



     

call us today!





   
 

timberhill villa5050 timberhillsan antonio, tx 78238(210) 684-3480  |  jruiz@timberhillvilla.com


    |
  privacy policy
















































































































  
  share by:













