























fashion accessories, fashion tips, fashion news


















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar



pages



home


















xiaodongpeople












labels



2013 fashion
(1)


accessories
(1)


fashion accessories
(1)


spring summer 2013 fashion accessory
(1)


















this is default featured slide 1 title


easy to customize it, from your blogger dashboard, not needed to know the codes etc. video tutorial is available, also a support forum which will help to install template correctly. by deluxetemplates.net

















this is default featured slide 2 title


easy to customize it, from your blogger dashboard, not needed to know the codes etc. video tutorial is available, also a support forum which will help to install template correctly. by deluxetemplates.net

















this is default featured slide 3 title


easy to customize it, from your blogger dashboard, not needed to know the codes etc. video tutorial is available, also a support forum which will help to install template correctly. by deluxetemplates.net

















this is default featured slide 4 title


easy to customize it, from your blogger dashboard, not needed to know the codes etc. video tutorial is available, also a support forum which will help to install template correctly. by deluxetemplates.net

















this is default featured slide 5 title


easy to customize it, from your blogger dashboard, not needed to know the codes etc. video tutorial is available, also a support forum which will help to install template correctly. by deluxetemplates.net 
























friday, february 8, 2013





spring summer 2013 fashion accessory trends to wear now!









we have picked our favorite fashion accessories using the six must have spring summer 2013 trends:



florals - the ultimate spring pick me up, a touch of floral accessories will brighten any wardrobe.



monochrome - everyone is rocking this must have fashion trend (especially jessica alba).



minimal - the a-listers' trend of choice on the red carpet (see jennifer lawrence and marion cotillard at the sag awards 2013) .



neon - a much needed pop of color to spice up any outfit.



pastel - clean, smart and easy to wear, pastel accessories will freshen up your daily style.



statement embellishment - well, just because we just can't get enough of accessories that sparkle.



where to begin? we can't get enough of this boldneon ted baker bag, £129, left. check out the rest of the trends here!






fashion accessories







miss self ridge pastel lilac watch 32 no: $16.50






oasis floral cluster ring11 no floral %10





jeffrey campbell at office floral platforms no2 floral $105






topshop neon blue heels 26 no $55






warehouse pink pastel clutch bag 28 no $26







posted by


changing theme




at
8:36 am


9
comments









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
2013 fashion,
accessories,
fashion accessories,
spring summer 2013 fashion accessory












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)







blogger templates




popular posts









spring summer 2013 fashion accessory trends to wear now!
    we have picked our favorite fashion accessories using the six must have spring summer 2013 trends:     florals - the ultimate spring pic...







blogger news




blogroll




about




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



february

(1)

spring summer 2013 fashion accessory trends to wea...











powered by blogger.





 








copyright © 
xiaodongpeople.
designed for canvas artlinks - things to do in houston, radio, penny stock picks




