








home page - boston early music festival







































































contact
bemf cd store
bemf shop
give now
view cart
purchase tickets
  














menuconcert season2024/25 seasonconcert venues closepast seasons close2025 festivalschedule of eventsplan your visitfestival operascenterpiece operachamber operaartistic leadership closefestival concertsconcurrent eventsexhibitionfringe concertsfestivals over the years closebemf opera2025 centerpiece operaoperas over the years close2024 chamber opera serieschamber operas over the years closebemf at homeyoung artists training program closerecordingsbuy cds nowrecordings closesupport bemfgive now onlineways to giveannual fundnamed gift opportunitiesbaroque opera recording fundyoung artists training programkathleen fay leadership fundplanned giving closeabout usboard & staffwork for bemfartistic leadershipbemf youth ensembleengaging communitiespress roompress images closevolunteer at bemffaqscolleague links closeadvertise with bemf close

















now on sale 
 



purchase tickets 
 



purchase tickets 
 



learn more 
 


donate now 

 





francesco corti virtual premiere on 2/22video spotlightvirtuoso keyboardist francesco corti wowed audiences in his recent boston recital featuring handel's suite no. 3 in d minor for harpsichord alongside 2 organ concertors featuring the all-star bemf chamber ensemble. if you missed the performance, watch for the virtual premiere on february 22!
watch corti perform handel's overture to rodelinda for outhere music on youtube.
learn more"arguably the most important and influential early music event in the world." —bbc radio 32025 festival is now on sale!we invite you to join us for our 23rd biennial festival, june 8–15, 2025, as we bring the world of early music to downtown boston with breathtaking baroque opera, one-of-a-kind concerts, the world-famous exhibition (now at the colonnade hotel), and so much more!learn morefrancesco corti performs masterworks by handel for harpsichord and organrecorded live in boston, celebrated keyboard virtuoso francesco corti joins the all-star bemf chamber ensemble in an all-handel program featuring two organ concertos. virtual premiere: february 22.learn moreagave perform with countertenor reginald mobleyexplore the turbulent crossroads of rum and rebellion with grammy-nominated agave and countertenor reginald mobley. don't miss this fascinating program in its virtual premiere on february 28.learn morebemf has been thrilled to share our concerts virtually with fans around the world and are proud to continue offering our entire 2024/25 season virtually. subscribe today and enjoy the music you love wherever you are! learn more about virtual tickets »
save the dates for our next festival—june 8–15, 2025who we are
since 1981, the boston early music festival has established itself as an international leader in the field of early music. bemf presents a wealth of diverse programs and activities, including superb productions of baroque opera, award-winning recordings, an annual concert season that brings the field’s brightest stars to boston and new york city, and north america’s leading festival for early music.baroque opera

“an absolute delight.” —the new york timeslearn morecelebrated concerts

our annual concerts feature some of the world's most exciting and engaging early music artists!learn more2025 festival

tickets for our 23rd biennial festival—june 8–15, 2025—are now on sale!learn moreaward-winning recordingsin 2004, bemf initiated a series of recordings to preserve its groundbreaking baroque opera creations and attempt to fill the gaps in the current discography of western opera. the series features one grammy award-winning and five grammy-nominated recordings.new cd!enjoy a 2 cd-set of neopolitan comic opera with pergolesi's la serva padrona and livietta e tracollo.learn more!  “one of the nation’s foremost early music organizations.” —the new yorkermeet our artistic leadershipbemf opera productions reproduce the baroque’s stunning palette of sound by bringing together today’s leading operatic superstars and a wealth of instrumental talent from across the globe. leading the artistic team are grammy-winning artistic directors paul o’dette and stephen stubbs alongside opera director gilbert blin and orchestra director robert mealy.
learn morethe boston early music festival is supported in part by:"a constant delight of anticipation." —the wall street journal





coming upagave – 2/14
francesco corti – virtual premiere 2/22
stile antico – 3/28
2025 festival: june 8-15, 2025
learn moreabout bemf
work for bemf
make a donation
press room
recordings
board & staff
contact us boston early music festival
43 thorndike street, suite 302
cambridge, ma 02141, usa
phone: 617-661-1812
fax: 617-661-1816
email: bemf@bemf.org

stay in touch! sign up for the bemf email list for regular updates about upcoming concerts, new cd releases, and our monthly newsletter.



click here »







menuhomesupportcontactprivacysite map



© boston early music festival. all rights reserved. 


 



search


 
search







toggle the widgetbar 

 
 
























 


