







fairville inn




























































0









        skip to content
      
























        accommodations
      



        about
      



        destination
      



        dining
      



        events
      




                  private events
                





                  fairville events
                









































open menu
close menu




























        accommodations
      



        about
      



        destination
      



        dining
      



        events
      




                  private events
                





                  fairville events
                









































open menu
close menu
























                  accommodations
                





                  about
                





                  destination
                





                  dining
                





folder:
events








back





                        private events
                      





                        fairville events
                      




































































brandywine boutique bed and breakfastconsider this your invitation to enjoy your personal retreat.




    explore fairville  ↓
  

















“very nice place for a weekend getaway—staff and owners make you feel like you are part of their family.”

— dan h.

 











#1for b&bs/innsin chadds ford on tripadvisor



book now

















 

peruse our newly renovated rooms




    accomodations
  





























carriage house 1















carriage house 2















carriage house 3















carriage house 4















suite 1















suite 2















springhouse 1















springhouse 2















springhouse 3















springhouse 4















main house




























slide 1
slide 1 (current slide)





slide 2
slide 2 (current slide)





slide 3
slide 3 (current slide)





slide 4
slide 4 (current slide)





slide 5
slide 5 (current slide)





slide 6
slide 6 (current slide)





slide 7
slide 7 (current slide)





slide 8
slide 8 (current slide)





slide 9
slide 9 (current slide)





slide 10
slide 10 (current slide)





slide 11
slide 11 (current slide)




















refresh
  











 a serene escape
amidst century old trees in the heart of the brandywine valley, you will feel miles away from reality.slip away from the hustle to a serene bucolic escape with delightful gardens, carefully curated amenities, and delicious breakfast.  



accomodations  view






 











getaway destination
a short drive through scenic back roads reveal an array of surrounding wineries, beautiful country estates, and historic sites. just minutes from the magnificent longwood gardens, winterthur museum, and the brandywine river museum, it’s no wonder why the area is often referred as america’s garden capital! 



attractions  view







getaway
  














we can’t think of a better way to start your day enjoy your complimentary breakfast in our light filled dining room or in-room.




    dining options view
  












 











your private oasis awaits



















refresh at fairville

  

from friendly smiles at check-in, a personal welcome and escort to your room, you will feel right at home here. stroll the grounds to discover beautiful gardens and charming courtyard. enjoy a cup of coffee and a good book on your private deck. rest well and replenish in your comfortable and well appointed room. if you are looking for a place to unwind and replenish, while feeling loved and taken care of, you are in the right place.




    about us read more 
  
























private events
dreaming of a countryside estate for your exclusive private event or retreat? let’s talk! 



rental information view

















 

discover why our guests love us& why the new york times, washington post, southern living, and philadelphia magazine have ranked us among the city’s most beautiful retreats! 




    accommodations  view rooms
  
























































want “inn” on our special promotions and happenings?
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!



















contact usinfo@fairvilleinn.com610-388-5900

 


    book your getaway
  

 

directions506 kennett pikechadds ford, pa 19317












 


































 

the fairville inn is located in the heart of the brandywine valley in chadds ford, pa.  if you are looking for a place to unwind and replenish, while feeling loved and taken care of, you are in the right place.



navigateaccommodations aboutdiningdestinationprivate eventsfairville eventsshopbook now



more infogift certificateshotel policygallery﻿contact us

 

on instagram @fairville_inn#refreshatfairville



































































our response to covid-19




    safety protocols
  














© fairville inn 2020 | site credit | photo credit | privacy policy | accessibility statement











