home - the browns  
   
             


fort worth, texas, 76126


+1 ‪‪(972) 695-9838


alvinbrown@alvinbrown.com
homewhat’s new?partnerresources
homewhat’s new?partnerresources

partner with us
250
yes
meet :: the brownswe're the browns — alvin, mallary, ian, seth, and mila. join the journey as our team plants mosaic church fort worth.let's schedule a time to connect and get to know one another.
join team
let's meet
transforming :: fort worthwith 1+ million residents, fort worth is a fast-growing metropolis comprised and inclusive of diverse nations with hearts ripe for the gospel of jesus restoring all that's broken.
visit mosaicfortworth.com
missional :: communityif you want to go fast go alone. if you want to go far go together.— african proverb
connect in communitywhy church plant?jesus' disciples went to all nations — and planted churches. and so should we.why the community?major movements, bad or good, start in community. let's be and do good!why the campus?when we reach a student with the gospel of jesus, we reach a family.
false
5000how can you help make a difference?bring the good news to fort worththe fourteenth and fifteenth verses of romans 10 reads: ...and how can they hear without someone preaching to them? and how can anyone preach unless they are sent? as it is written: “how beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!”help be the practical hands and feet of jesus to reach the campus, reach cities, and reach nations.become a partnerpartner financially — monthly or quarterly — with us to help our city know and experience the love of jesus. click the partner button located at the bottom of this page.pray & believepray with us for the nations, and believe god for open doors and hearts to receive jesus in every community and on every campus across fort worth.invite othersshare thebrownslife.com as a kindgom opportunity with family, friends, neighbors, co-workers... everyone you meet.
mosaic church fort worth is an every nation church.every nation is a global family of churches. every nation exists to honor god by establishing christ-centered, spirit-empowered, socially responsible churches and campus ministries in every nation. every nation believes when we reach the campus, we reach the future leaders of society, their families, and the world. visit www.everynation.org to learn more about every nation.

1360campuses globally

701churches globally

82nations reached

113nations to gomaking disciples for jesusthank you for allowing me to be a part of your beautiful family. countless hours of sports games, planning meetings...

stephanie khouryfriend, guest experience team lead, previous community group member @ mosaic church austin
read full testimonialyou have been a blessing and live the meaning of community and commitment to christ. it has been a pleasure...

kim steelefriend, guest experience team lead @ mosaic church austin
read full testimonialyour family has always been an inspiration to us! your leadership has been invaluable. the spirit has chosen well to...

kenneth & beatrice dusingfriends, community group coaching @ mosaic church austin
read full testimoniali hope you know how highly i regard you both. you both hold a special place in my heart. your...

connie chenfriend, previous community group member @ mosaic church austin
read full testimonialjust as with mosaic in a minute, god’s timing is always perfect! he is honored by your obedience, your willingness...

eric & cindy ryanfriends, members @ mosaic church austin
read full testimonial
true
8000what's the latest news with the browns?we're grateful for god's amazing grace to engage, establish, equip, and empower the making of disciples for jesus in a multiethnic, multigenerational context. we could not realize this goal without your commitment and generosity. thank you for your faithfulness, and please stop in from time to time for our latest updates!
from our family to yours…
posted by:alvin brown
posted on:1 jan 2025as one year ends and another begins…
read more
it’s called project christmas.
posted by:alvin brown
posted on:24 dec 2023after living big in november, embodying unity in community just as the holy spirit empowered the early church of acts, we
read more
living big through love acts
posted by:alvin brown
posted on:10 nov 2023as we enter into the month of giving thanks, november, our growing community of believers and followers of jesus explores what
read more
new, familiar faces on campus.
posted by:alvin brown
posted on:1 nov 2023school is back in session for fort worth isd, as are the local campuses.  texas christian university is coming back to
read more
stronger: the sword of the spirit. 
posted by:alvin brown
posted on:15 oct 2023hi there! i have an exciting update to share with you.  recently, i had the incredible opportunity to travel to liberty
read more
true
5000
newsletter sign upget email updates of how the gospel of jesus is transforming lives throughout the nations — the community, the campus, the world. 
first name

email


leave this field empty if you're human: journey with the brownstransform the city of fort worth and the greater kingdom of god when you partner with the browns.your faithful generosity to partner assists in our efforts to love and serve citizens in the greater fort worth metroplex so that all might have the opportunity to know and experience the love of jesus.become a partner today
our prayer and financial partners are critical for empowering us to serve fort worth as we plant mosaic church fort worth.
would you prayerfully consider financially partnering with us?
partner with the brownscopyright © 2022-2025.  all rights reserved. thebrownslife.com.
scroll up                                

