



assorted babble






















    
	assorted babble
	
  
model from my 20's, now reclusive in my 40's. christian conservative - breaking news - politics - fox news addict - assorted topics and a southerner living with the north at south florida.
















friday, august 01, 2008



	 
	 mccain's new ad: "the one"
	 
    


awesome!!



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 4:33 pm
 | 






friday, may 30, 2008



	 
	 video: "obama's modern times" gaffes galore
	 
    


without a teleprompter, obama cannot even speak properly. the msm still refuses to report them.another astonishing video by flineo



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 9:10 pm
 | 









	 
	 sign petition: drill here, drill now at american solutions
	 
    


go now and sign the petition at american solutions.it is time to tell the democrats in congress to drill.get this widget for your blog while you are there. please pass the word.listen to what newt gingrich has to say:please contact your congressman that represents your area and speak out. thanks....for future updates click here.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 8:49 pm
 | 






friday, may 23, 2008



	 
	 just words? obama
	 
    






posted by assorted babble by suzie at 11:42 am
 | 






monday, may 19, 2008



	 
	 clear and present danger: obama to this country
	 
    


coming fall 2008.....but the time is now. wake-up, obama is a clear and present danger to this country.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 8:58 am
 | 






saturday, may 10, 2008



	 
	 video: obama in the church pew and angry michelle being michelle
	 
    


a must see video!! some say do something!!another video by flineo.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 9:49 pm
 | 









	 
	 obama's expedience a game?
	 
    


youtube video by flineo



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 9:08 pm
 | 









	 
	 video: barry obama unelectable
	 
    


thanks hotair for linking my site.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 1:38 pm
 | 









	 
	 video: leave barry alone boooo hooo
	 
    






posted by assorted babble by suzie at 1:00 pm
 | 






friday, may 09, 2008



	 
	 can we ask? obama, yes we can
	 
    


submit your questions here.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 1:00 pm
 | 






sunday, may 04, 2008



	 
	 video: john murtaugh's interview regarding obama and the weather underground
	 
    


originally, i tipped off greta van susteren from fnc's "on the record" regarding an article i had read at city journal, titled: fire in the night.....the weathermen tried to kill my family.i suggested that john murtaugh would be a great guest for her show. so glad greta read my comment and two days later she aired this.fox news1) more info should be reported on the annenberg challenge2) the law firm michelle, obama, bill ayers and b. dohrn worked togetherwishing also someone would pass this interview on to sean hannity and/or bill o'reilly for more interviews and research regarding these known terrorist neighbors of barack obama.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 1:57 pm
 | 






friday, april 18, 2008



	 
	 video: bill ayers the terrorist, obama's friends
	 
    


via hotair



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 10:03 pm
 | 






saturday, february 09, 2008



	 
	 mitt romney wins cpac straw poll
	 
    


mitt romney wins straw poll at cpac by 35%, mccain in second and in third huckabee.  it is obvious mccain and huckster are not favorites by conservatives, including myself.  go mitt!!washington — talk about cold comfort.mitt romney, who dropped out of the republican presidential race on thursday, won a straw poll of conservative activists on saturday, edging out likely nominee john mccain.ballots for the straw poll conducted at the conservatives political action conference were collected thursday morning through friday afternoon. romney, the former massachusetts governor, quit the race in a midday speech to the conference on thursday.in the straw poll vote, romney got 35 percent and mccain 34 percent. mike huckabee and rep. ron paul of texas tied with 12 percent.romney won the straw poll at the conference last year.this poll is revealing.....



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 6:10 pm
 | 









	 
	 kansas humilates mccain 3 to 1 vote for huckabee
	 
    


my guess is republican citizens in kansas voted for 'anyone other than mccain' today in the caucuses held throughout the state. fox and cnn have declared huckabee the winner by 60%. the drudge report points out that huckabee defeated mccain by 3 to 1.huckabee on miracles......breaking: governor rick perry contacts huckabee and asks huckabee to drop out of the race. nope, it ain't happening was basically the response. (broke on fox, will update soon with link)*update* huckster rejects texas governor's request to drop out of race!! also at cbsi find all this very interesting on how after the tag team of huckabee - mccain in west virginia and in prior debates with all their dirty politics against gov. mitt romney, now it leaves mccain facing more humilation and huckabee as a big joke. it is ashame that romney is not still in the race, i'm still feeling discouraged.*updated* mccain crushed in kansas........ more at gateway pundit



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 5:17 pm
 | 









	 
	 can they "contain mccain" now?
	 
    


click here for open gop convention.



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 12:00 pm
 | 






tuesday, february 05, 2008



	 
	 video: mitt romney in ga on conservative issues
	 
    


awesome....



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 12:38 am
 | 









	 
	 mitt romney's new ad (hillary and mcamnesty)
	 
    


fantastic campaign ad by mitt romney!! shows how hillary and mccain are just alike.vote mitt romney for president!!!



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 12:27 am
 | 






monday, february 04, 2008



	 
	 rush: john mccain is no maverick
	 
    


former senate republican leader, bob dole sent a letter to conservative talk radio host rush limbaugh on monday regarding liberal john mccain.politico: dole scolds limbaughcnn: in letter to limbaugh, bob dole defends mccain (the letter was obtained by cnn) humm!rush limbaugh: john mccain is no mavericktell it like it is, rush.....mcamnesty is no a conservative, he is a liberal.update:michelle malkin: hey, bob dole, get back in your cage



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 11:39 pm
 | 









	 
	 john mccain keeps lying about his stance on illegal immigration
	 
    


john mccain, hillary clinton and barrack obama have the same plan on illegal immigration. amnesty....read this on mccain and his campaign.... john mccain: la raza’s voice in washington



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 11:37 pm
 | 









	 
	 video: mitt romney "a winning combination"
	 
    






posted by assorted babble by suzie at 11:06 pm
 | 






saturday, february 02, 2008



	 
	 mitt romney for president, not liberal mcamnesty
	 
    


it is not too late. with super tuesday only a few days away, it is time to rally and vote for mitt romney for president.see what others are saying..sean hannitysean hannity: "i'll tell you right now, and i've not announced this, but i will be voting for mitt romney in this campaign. it's the first time i've stated it publicly. i'll state it now." ("sean hannity radio show," 1/31/08)senator rick santorum:on the laura ingraham show, 2/1/08laura ingraham:laura ingraham: "all right, i'm going to see your endorsement and raise you an announcement: february 12th is the big d.c. primary, i'm pulling the lever for mitt romney. no doubt about it. no hesitation." ("the laura ingraham show," 2/1/08)tammy bruce: i'm for romneymichael reagan: john mccain hates memark levin show - mark r. levin on mitt romney & super tuesday on national review online "rally for romneyconservatives need to act now, before it is too late."townhall.com hugh hewitt:ann coultercapt. ed at caption's quarters endorses mitt romneyliz cheneydenver post endorses mitt romneyfeb 2, 2008 new poll by rasmussen (mccain 30, mitt 30, and huckbee 21)hotair: audio flashback: the great kerry-mccain flirt of 2004human events by jad babbin: john mccain: the anti-conservative (a must read)because his politics is based on collaboration with liberals mccain is a divider of republicans, not a unifier. this is the gentleman who on february 20, 2005 told tim russert on “meet the press” that, “i have no doubt that senator clinton would make a good president.” he is the same gentleman who -- defending his mccain-kennedy-bush “comprehensive immigration reform” -- screamed “f*#@% you” at texas republican john cornyn, one of the bill’s leading opponents. he’s also told pennsylvania republican sen. arlen specter that he was a colorful anatomical term and referred to sen. charles grassley a “#$%^#*^ jerk.” it is difficult to even deal with people you abuse. unifying them is impossible.listen (wiod newsradio 610-miami at 12:00p.m. est m-f) and read rush limbaugh for the latest on campaign 2008john mccain the liberalif mccain is elected president expect amnesty for illegal aliensmichelle malkin:1/28/2008 open borders + campaign finance hypocrisy + eco-radicalism = mccain’s billionaire national finance co-chair jerry perenchio1/25/2008 meet the open borders family: mccain, hernandez, soros, and the “reform institute” michelle malkin:dr. juan hernandez, mccain hispanic outreach director: “we must not only have a free flow of goods and services, but also start working for a free flow of people.”michelle malkin excerpt:bryan at hot air confirmed it. here’s a photo he found on mccain’s daughter’s campaign website. the ethnocentrist, border obliteration activist is in tight with the top echelons of the mccain camp. mccain campaign guru mark mackinnon is in the foreground. maybe sending e-mails about their future shamnesty plans with teddy kennedy and lindsay graham."there are so many reasons not to vote for john mccainmccain is not a conservativevoted against pres. bush's tax cutsmccain/kennedy (amnesty for illegals)mccain/feingoldmccain said sam alito is too conservative (john fund and robert novak column)mccain/lieberman (mccain attacks gun owners)dems/libs say mccain considered switching party and leaving gopa vote for mike huckabee is a vote for mccain.mccain is a liberal and huckabee is a fraud. (both mean-spirited)plus today's smear by huckabee to mitt romney - hot air: video: huckabee accuses romney of buying hannity’s endorsementhuckbee's latest stunts: gateway pundit: too much...mike huckabee (#6 on the most corrupt politicians list) claims that mitt is playing spoiler for hillary-- which in a weird way explains why he is playing spoiler for mccain.huckbee attacks romney again and talk radio.there are so many reasons not to vote for john mccain. if mccain is the republican nominee, i will not vote on election day. my family, including myself voted for mitt romney in the florida primary on jan. 29, 2008 in broward county.hopefully voters going to the polls on super tuesday, will select mitt romney for the real conservative.visit mitt romney for president 2008 website.updates:mitt romney rises in pollscaptain's quarters, gateway pundit and romney jumps up 9 in missouri, since florida.others bloggingcheck out dee's post at conservatism with heart: why i'm voting for mitt romney on super tuesday



posted by assorted babble by suzie at 3:14 pm
 | 











about me

name:  assorted babble by suzie 
location:  ft. lauderdale-broward co., florida, united states 
i’m a blessed american christian conservative from g.s.,al. assorted posts include politics, breaking news, passing tougher laws to protect our children and varies other topics. single with 2 grown children & 2 pups-rottie and poodle.
view my complete profile



















enter your search terms

submit search form











please support this site by pressing on my ads. thanks!











previous posts

mccain's new ad: "the one"
video: "obama's modern times" gaffes galore
sign petition: drill here, drill now at american s...
just words? obama
clear and present danger: obama to this country
video: obama in the church pew and angry michelle ...
obama's expedience a game?
video: barry obama unelectable
video: leave barry alone boooo hooo
can we ask? obama, yes we can




assorted babble blogroll










site feed





blogs for fox






101st fighting keyboards





blogs for bush






blogs for condi






murtha must go






blue star chronicles blogroll







web counter

glenn reynolds says

"assorted babble can be informative and fun, you should visit often."

proud member of the alliance



















the victory wing





help change laws to protect children



national center for missing & exploited children
cyber tip line
us doj-child exploitation section
prevent abuse now
child help org
family watchdog us-free service
national missing children's locate center
national alert registry-sex offenders
register of offenders list
child safe network -updated daily
absolute zero united
throw away the key
jessica marie lunsford official site
groene investigation-ongoing coverage
helping missing children-operation lookout
america's most wanted
court tv trials





open trackback alliance





open trackback provider blogroll





 
compatriot blog roll












more assorted blogs
danielle-jersey
jill's ramblings-ca
crazy cat woman-oh
jesse-pa
beyond frazzled-misslisa-ohio
lilo-lost in lima-oh
magnolia
view from the middle
our soldiers iraq pictures
madman-tx
mr.g-ca
lil bitty-al
nikky egland-wy
ron-under the news-tx-author
as always, rachael-wi
ms peculiar-nm
colleen's crazy babbling
bo salisbury
christian soldier-al
elvira-ny
it occurred to me-michael-ma
mad dog williams-uk
born fool-ky
probity state pen
just a mom-az
the bipolar princess-il
alwayz n middle-al
anti-political correct league





hillbilly white trash





news and opinions links
fox news
drudge report
worldnetdaily
newsmax
memeorandum
breitbart-just the news
houston chronicles
washington times
fbi-fed bureau of investigation
terrorism research center
u.s.department of defense
the white house briefings
dept.of homeland security
national security agency
us dept of state
missile defense agency
the president pray team
u.s.central command-centcom
the gop.com
gop senators-nrsc
c-span
usaevote
townhall-wash d.c.
fact check.org
watching america
powerlinenews
jihad watch
weekly standard
the washington post
new york post
the jerusalem post
haaretz
as israel national news
london times
bbc news
bbc world
sky news-uk-world
the australian news
iran focus
persian journal-iran
iran press news
iran mania
daneshjoo-iran student movement
iraq daily
afghanistan news
aljazeera
arab world news
gulf news
independent news pakistan
pakistani newspaper
russian news
moscow news
china daily
kurdish media
bahrain tribune daily
all africa
world picture news
ein news-global
write-pres.george w.bush
write your representives-u.s. house of rep.
write - u.s.congress
senate contact info
emails-fax for congress,senate & governors
the constitution of the u.s.
more interesting links and columns
michelle malkin
tammy bruce
ann coulter
rush limbaugh
sean hannity
little green footballs
the pigazette
tongue tied
the oxford book of english verse
post secret-funny pics
human event online
local and visted sites
miami herald
sun-sentinel-ft.lauderdale-miami
wsvn-fox-miami-ft lauderdale
nbc6-net south florida
cbs-wfor-miami
abc-local 10-miami-ft lauderdale
alabama online
open secrets.org
happy news.com
freaking news
 blogs for mccain's opponent

true crime blog









archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
august 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
february 2008
april 2008
may 2008
august 2008

































 











