



zebracards | home































toggle navigation













reviews
the book
author

publisher
buy




















when you hear hoofbeats...
zebra cards
an aid to obscure diagnosis
the classic medical text that teaches and entertains, its impeccable scholarship, spirited writing, and unique content will make zebra cards one of the most frequently — and enjoyably — consulted books in your library.
by john g. sotos, mdmedical technical advisor to house, md

buy on amazon  
						buy in uk/de  
						
 
a wonderful gift for the medically minded!















reviewers love it!

guaranteed to make you laugh out loud ... a good gift for friends and foes alike.the lancet
 
has given me more fun at the bedside and at rounds than i have had in a long time. ... i recommend this book to all clinical teachers.canadian medical association journal
 
insightful, delightful ... hours of intellectually satisfying entertainment.s.g.i.m. news
 
great collection of rare differentials. really impacted the way i practice and think. must have for all internists.amazon reader




















about the book


when you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra.
-- theodore e. woodward, md (±)

 



        zebra cards is about patients who surprise us.
    

        it's about listening to the patient, looking at the patient,
        and knowing that the human body is subtle in its wiles. 
    

        it's an inoculation against clinical hubris and impatience.
    

        each of the 200 cards in zebra cards presents a clinical observation on the front, and on the back supplies a
        differential diagnosis, a short but cogent discussion, and references.
    
 



 earea-002 


acute vertigo when patient presses on tragus



flip this card



            back of card ea-002 (enlarged)
hide this



eponym

hennebert symptom

differential diagnosis

perilymphatic fistula

discussion


            perilymphatic fistulae are abnormal openings in the round and/or oval windows
            that allow communication between the perilymph (the fluid surrounding the
            membranous labyrinth) and the middle ear space. they occur at any age and are
            difficult to diagnose preoperatively; patients present with an "amazing array" of
            signs and symptoms, and conclusive preoperative tests do not exist.1
            predisposing factors include prior otologic surgery, trauma, exertion/straining,
            and upper respiratory infections. roughly a third of cases are idiopathic or due
            to congenital malformations.1


            hearing loss (involving any frequency), vestibular symptoms (of any kind),
            tinnitus, and sensations of aural fullness may occur with any chronicity or may
            not occur at all. surgery eliminates or improves symptoms in 90% of patients.
            vertigo induced by straining (for example, during defecation) or by exertion
            (even as little as vacuuming) is a classic symptom. pressing on the tragus
            causes vertigo by inducing a change in air pressure in the external ear canal:
            the perilymphatic fistula allows transmission of this pressure change to the
            endolymphatic space, wherein lie components of the vestibular apparatus.1


            the hennebert sign is eye deviation provoked by pneumatic otoscopy.1


references


            (1) laryngoscope. 94:37-49 (1986). 91 patients with proven plfs.
            

            (-) ann otol rhinol laryngol. 88:153-159 (1979). perilymphatic fistulae with
            vertigo and hennebert sign, but without hearing loss.
            

            (-) ann otol rhinol laryngol. 97:105-108 (1988). seeks indications for
            surgical exploration. 
            



zebra cards · mt. vernon book systems, 1991
36-page introduction · 200 cards on 134 pages · complete index

            buy on amazon.com, 
            amazon.co.uk, 
            or amazon.de
















about the author












john sotos
trained as a transplantation cardiologist, dr. sotos attended medical school and performed all of his clinical training at johns hopkins, where, early on, he was heavily influenced by dr. victor mckusick and dr. philip tumulty. in 2005 he sent a copy of zebra cards to the producers of the television show house, md and was thereafter hired for the remaining six seasons of the show's run.
dr. sotos has written three other books, on the medical histories of abraham lincoln and mary lincoln, diagnosing each of them with a zebra previously unsuspected by historians: multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2b and pernicious anemia, respectively.
currently he is ceo of expertscape inc. and a retired air national guard career flight surgeon. his personal web site is sotos.com




















where to buy
your local bookstore can order zebra cards from the baker & taylor catalogor visit...









usa

$ 26.95
												


  


order now!








uk

± 23 £



  


order now!








germany

± 29 €



  


order now!


book is in english!


















© copyright 2021 by john sotos. all rights reserved. old site.
other books from mt. vernon book systems


















