





eleanor d. payson, lmsw – clinical, acsw, lmft – to schedule an appointment, please call 248-548-0306.





































skip to content





eleanor d. payson, lmsw – clinical, acsw, lmft
to schedule an appointment, please call 248-548-0306.












menu




home
about eleanor
services

individual therapy
consultations & coaching


eleanor’s books

the wizard of oz and other narcissists
discovering the healthy self
bibliography


blog archive
appointments
contact






search for:














search






search for:







 

 
 
 


site overlay


 

scroll













feel free to explore for information regarding therapy, coaching, seminars, support groups, and eleanor’s books, the wizard of oz and other narcissists: coping with the one-way relationship in work, love, and family and discovering the healthy self and meaningful resistance to toxic narcissism.
eleanor’s most recent book, discovering the healthy self and meaningful resistance to toxic narcissism, is now available on audible.
 

check out eleanor’s comments in the parade article, “how to deal with a narcissist… when you suddenly realize you’re in a relationship with one”.
read insights from eleanor’s unique perspective on her blog.
visit eleanor’s instagram account for inspiration.

 


 

 



archives archives

select month
 may 2020 
 april 2020 
 february 2020 
 january 2020 
 december 2019 
 november 2019 
 october 2019 
 september 2019 


categoriescategories
select category
discovering the healthy self
narcissism recovery
narcissistic personality disorder (npd)
toxic narcissism
understanding narcissism









menuhome
about eleanor
individual therapy
consultations & coaching
the wizard of oz and other narcissists: coping with the one-way relationship in work, love, and family
discovering the healthy self and meaningful resistance to toxic narcissism
from eleanor’s blog archive
contact
appointments
 





			copyright © 2025 eleanor d. payson, lmsw – clinical, acsw, lmft. all rights reserved.  | simclick by catch themes  
 


 

 

 

scroll up








