




hermitage united methodist church – reach | connect | transform | send

























































 









skip to content






sun 8:30 am online campus | sun 10:00 am in-person205 belinda drive | hermitage, tn 37076
				



















watch a serviceinfo

what to expect meet the staff service times
next stepsgivemore

reach | send

local global food pantry 
 connect

care connect groups need prayer stay connected 
 transform

care groups recovery groups hum school 







menu
close






watch a service
info

what to expect
meet the staff
service times


next steps
give
more

reach | send

local
global
food pantry


connect

care
connect groups
need prayer
stay connected


transform

care groups
recovery groups
hum school










 




















welcome to hermitage united methodist church 










watch online














need prayer
















 
















 
this week at humc















 
coming events




















2023 commitment pledge 










learn more
































watch humc on demand 















 








watch humc on demand 



									click the watch now button to view past sermons from the humc online campus.								






watch now

























archived series 








 





 









 





 









 





 


















view all





















connect with us 







what to expect 



bible-based teaching and engaging worship in either a traditional or contemporary format. 







next steps 



discover more about humc and how to find your place here.u00a0 if you are new and looking to get connected, this is your start. 







groups 



get connected with great, like-minded people to building community, grow in faith and establish friendships. 







teams 



life is better when we give. discover serving oportunities and ways to get invovled serving our community. 














what to expect














next step














groups














teams
























ministries of humc 



god-centered  |  people-focused | team-based. 








 





 









 





 


























events 




 


































info 







location 



belinda drive campus
205 belinda drivehermitage, tn 37076								



andrew jackson pkwy campus4250 andrew jackson pkwy.hermitage, tn 37076 







contact us 






 




							phone						


						+1 (615) 883-3918					









 




							email						


						info@humc.org					














service times 



online | sun 8:30 amin-person | sun 10:00 am 







follow us 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



vimeo
 
























need prayernext stepsgivestay connectedprivacy policy 

sign up 

follow us

opens in a new tabopens in a new tab 
 

contact infoaddress:205 belinda dr hermitage, tn 37076phone:615-883-3918email:info@humc.orgopens in your application 





				© 2025 humc.org | site by skyrocket design lab 






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 
 
























































