

































































rockingham now | greensboro.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition




























news


obituaries


opinion


sports




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



greensboro archives




our properties


rockingham now




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




customer service


manage greensboro subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



manage rockingham subscription



help center



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

sports

buy & sell

e-edition

special sections








37°
rain

















                
                rockingham now
                
                    

















        
        
            right place, right time: off-duty first responder performs cpr on woman pulled from dan river

man was at madison river park when he heard screams for help.

















        
        
            aging greensboro headstones finally have a new lease on life — thanks to this man

on june 6, jonathan appell came to the green hill cemetary in greensboro to give a free demonstration to preserve and restore gravestones as he tours 56 cemeteries across the country.

















        
        
            'true hometown heroes': two eden officers save toddler in dramatic dan river rescue

"it's almost unbelievable,'' assistant chief said of the child's quick recovery. "he was completely unconscious when the officers brought him out." 

















        
        
            fake officer tells woman her husband had been shot to death at triad walmart

suspect even wore a uniform and drove a dodge charger made to look like a silver state trooper's vehicle. woman ultimately determined his story was false. 

















        
        
            what's it like being 'naked and afraid'? check out this greensboro woman's story.

greensboro resident fairland ferguson will be a featured contestant on this week's episode of "naked and afraid" on the discovery channel.

















        
        
            what are the chances? video gaming may finally be legal in nc stores, gas stations.

this week, north carolinians are braced for the windfall or fallout from online sports wagering, which finally becomes legal on monday. many rural residents across the state are just starting to relax since the scrapping of a late summer proposal by powerful republican lawmakers that threate…

















        
        
            watchdogs: mountain valley pipeline should have to get new permits for southgate extension

mvp's plan revisions also listed a new "investment grade utility company" as a potential customer for the pipeline's gas. 






























        
        
            photos: reidsville defeats farmville central 78-77 in overtime to win nchsaa 2-a boys basketball state championship








        
        
            danville senior apartment project to get loan from state

danville, va—an $11.5 million, 52-unit senior apartment complex to be built on seeland road will get a nearly $2 million state loan. 


















        
        
            photos: reidsville defeats salisbury, 76-72, in nchsaa 2-a west region final
















        
        
            starworks presents “hot glass cold beer: pirates paradise” on march 14

star—the artists at starworks glass will put on a special pirate-themed, glassblowing demonstration at this month’s hot glass cold beer on thursday, march 14 at 5:30 p.m. hot glass cold beer is a monthly fundraiser that runs september through may, with special guest artists, live music, rota…

















        
        
            rcc business degree launches vaden’s career

madison – renee vaden sits on a comfortable sofa in the bright office of the downtown western rockingham chamber of commerce and takes a deep breath. as administrative assistant of the chamber, she and executive director mavis dillon just returned from running their monthly coffee gathering,…

















        
        
            “dollar days” set to begin april 1 at grandfather mountain

linville – grandfather mountain will open its gates to high country residents, employees and their guests for only $5 each during the month of april, as the park’s “dollar days” promotion returns in time for spring. 


























        
        
            what are the chances? video gaming may finally be legal in nc stores, gas stations.

this week, north carolinians are braced for the windfall or fallout from online sports wagering, which finally becomes legal on monday. many rural residents across the state are just starting to relax since the scrapping of a late summer proposal by powerful republican lawmakers that threate…

















        
        
            lebauer and y team up to offer parkinson's class

reidsville—leaders at cone health lebauer neurology realize that excellent care for patients must extend beyond the walls of their practice to be truly effective in transforming the health of local communities. 

















        
        
            madison house fire claims four dogs, leaves mom and son in care of red cross

madison — a mother and her son are displaced after their residence burned early friday morning at 203 south lonesome here. 

















        
        
            take a look at upcoming non-credit courses at rcc in 2024

wentworth – rockingham community college is offering several continuing education courses that start in the next few weeks: 

















        
        
            new workshops announced at starworks metal studio

star – starworks is proud to announce the launch of a series of dynamic workshops designed to inspire creativity and foster a deeper connection with the art of metalworking. led by artists and metalworkers mac metz and ian thomsen, these workshops offer enthusiasts of all skill levels the op…









        
        
            hickory restaurant plant based boss is known for vegan protein bowls, tacos

a savory aroma floated from the kitchen and filled the dining room of plant based boss as co-owner justice geran prepared two tacos: his signature vegan chicken and carne asada. 





more rockingham now



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


life & entertainment

rockingham now

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

place an ad

advertise

submission forms

contact us

join our team

become a carrier

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        greensboro news & record, 3001 south elm eugene st. greensboro, nc 27401
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























