
















department of surgery | the university of chicago
































  about us

the university of chicago department of surgery is one of the nation’s most distinguished and historically pre-eminent. we are comprised of 11 surgical subspecialty sections that include over 120 clinical and research faculty, 65 advanced practice providers, and 110 residents and fellows from diverse backgrounds.



  quick links

sections
research
education
diversity





  surgery is a department in the

biological sciences division






click image above to view the department of surgery's latest, emmy® award-winning, annual report – the souls of surgery: behind the mask! this powerful body of work invites viewers to grasp a broad understanding of our providers, particularly the candor they embed into their life’s work. not only do we see their clear commitment to the overall mission of our department, we witness a poignant, grand unveiling of authenticity, grit and humanity.
past annual reports:2021 annual report2020 annual report2019 annual report














                  
  sections & programs

                
the department of surgery is one of the most comprehensive surgery programs in the nation, comprised of 11 surgical specialties.
we treat a wide range of medical conditions and disorders, and our surgeons are regularly ranked among the best in the nation for their complex care. we invite you to take a deeper look at our surgical specialties, including our clinical specialty programs and esteemed faculty.
see all sections & programs














                  
  education & training

                
education and training is a cornerstone of the department of surgery's mission; our faculty and staff are committed to providing the most comprehensive training to the brightest minds in medicine.

  quick links


residencies & fellowships
continuing medical education
medical student clerkships
visiting students
simulation center

see all education














                  
  research

                
the research program of the department of surgery is among the most diverse at the university of chicago.
scientists and surgeons in the department conduct research on fundamental biology as well as specific diseases, including forms of cancer, disorders of the blood vessels, and the role of the human microbiome, the population of bacteria that inhabits all of us, in illness and health. university of chicago surgeons also conduct clinical studies to help develop new therapies.

  quick links


faculty research
clinical trials
huggins symposium















                  
  diversity, equity, and inclusion

                
we strive to provide the highest level of compassionate and equitable surgical care through premier multidisciplinary programs, transformational research, and leading-edge technology. our training programs are anchored within a unique framework of surgical ethics and professionalism, creating a supportive and inclusive environment to inspire the next generation of surgical leaders.
learn more about our diversity, equity, and inclusion steering committee and how we are working towards these goals.
















                  
  check out @uchicagosurgery's latest tweets!

                
uchicago surgery@uchicagosurgery
#attheforefront of surgical care, research & training since 1927 | proudly a part of @uchicagomed and @uchicago














  the university of chicago medicine


  department of surgery



  5841 s. maryland avenue


  chicago, il 60637


© 2025 
  the university of chicago medicine




biological sciences division


pritzker school of medicine


university of chicago






facebook







twitter







youtube











