






natural dog training | the official website for the theory and practice of kevin behan's natural dog training | dog training, dog aggression rehabilitation in vermont, new york city, connecticut and massachusetts

































































              connect on
              facebook
twitter
instagram
                 
            




            the official website for the theory and practice of kevin behan's natural dog training
          





home
about natural dog training
study group
dog training services
training equipment
ndt library
dog aggression
your dog is your mirror
testimonials
blog


contact






join the natural dog training study group

            the natural dog training study group is a unique way to learn more about the
            theory and practice of kevin behan's natural dog training™.

            


              click here for pricing and signup info
            















signup for the official
natural dog training newsletter

    enter your email below and receive training tips and news about natural dog training
  
subscribe to blog via email

enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.









 



dog training services
      we offer a variety of training services. we cover everything from puppy training to basic obedience to extreme cases of aggression and problem behaviors. training lessons are by appointment with long term training packages available.

      if you have a question or inquiry about our services please call (1 802-365-7913).
    

dog aggression & rehab
      we specialize in training and healing aggressive dogs, even the extreme cases of abused and damaged rescue dogs.

      kevin behan is a pioneer in the industry and has worked with thousands of aggressive dogs.

      we can help you on your journey by teaching you the root of your dog's behavior and work to build a foundation of trust through natural dog training exercises tailored to your specific circumstances.
    

dog training retreats
      if you're interested in learning more about natural dog training and how to apply it as a career opportunity, we offer apprenticeship programs.

      you will work alongside kevin behan, creator of natural dog training. you will gain a deep understanding of the theory and how to apply it to all types of training situations.
    



click here for more information about our dog training services






home
about
contact
rss feed
atom feed
comments rss feed
sitemap xml

          © 1990 - 2025          natural dog training
          















books about natural dog training by kevin behan

in your dog is your mirror, dog trainer kevin behan proposes a radical new model for understanding canine behavior: a dog’s behavior and emotion, indeed its very cognition, are driven by our emotion. the dog doesn’t respond to what the owner thinks, says, or does; it responds to what the owner feels. and in this way, dogs can actually put people back in touch with their own emotions. behan demonstrates that dogs and humans are connected more profoundly than has ever been imagined — by heart — and that this approach to dog cognition can help us understand many of dogs’ most inscrutable behaviors. this groundbreaking, provocative book opens the door to a whole new understanding between species, and perhaps a whole new understanding of ourselves.




		 
		





natural dog training is about how dogs see the world and what this means in regards to training. the first part of this book presents a new theory for the social behavior of canines, featuring the drive to hunt, not the pack instincts, as seminal to canine behavior. the second part reinterprets how dogs actually learn. the third section presents exercises and handling techniques to put this theory into practice with a puppy. the final section sets forth a training program with a special emphasis on coming when called.




























