
























pretty grouse! – wasting your time since 1997















































































pretty grouse!






featurespodcastfinally, someone’s talking about what’s grouse!quickiesmateswe have some pretty grouse mates out there and we want to plug their awesome work.about








wasting your time since 1997!
we’ve been putting weird and silly stuff on the internet for a very long time. over 15 years! yes, 1997 was about 15 … no that can’t be right. look, i don’t think so. there’s no possibility … oh shut up.





live shows
we’re doing pretty grouse things in real life too! you can see us on stages, for money!



moving pictures
we have fully embraced 20th century technology and make “video content” you can watch!



podcasts
there are some topics that we really need to talk about, so we’ll do that in front of microphones!




we’re back, baby!

ok, right. i know it’s been a bit of a delay since the last post, and i haven’t really updated things much here for (checks notes) … five years.


that can’t be right, can it? where did the time go? how is 2015 the distant past suddenly?





grouse? in this economy?


remember when we used to go outside and do things?


looking for something grouse in 2020 is a bit challenging. it’s pretty shitty out there, but i’m working from home, and currently in lockdown so i’ve got plenty of time on my hands. also it’s cold outside and i can’t do much gardening. let’s give it a shot.


i think there’s probably a reason why most grouse-related projects have kicked off around july or august, you know. expect me to give up and go out in the sunshine again in november. in the meantime, i’ll do my best to find neat stuff to show you and talk about.


something grouse!


one thing that’s pretty grouse i want to point out right now is the fediverse. a distributed network of social media sites. it’s not perfect, but it’s pretty good. if you’re there already, hit me up. if you have no idea what i’m on about, come and sign up.


you’re going to see a lot less mentions of things like twitter and facebook in this iteration of grouse. we won’t be sharing anything directly on commercial social networks any more. feel free to do it yourself if you still use them, but we’re going strictly independent and old-school web first.





return of the podcast


we’ll have more stock photos of ducks than ever before …


the pretty grouse podcast is coming back, too! the first couple of recording sessions are lined up and if the stars align right we might get the first episode out in a week or so from now.


of course, i know i said something like that in the first and only episode that was ever published before, and that was four years ago. i also said to follow me on facebook. yeah, well … let’s try again shall we? you can find the first couple of pilot recordings and tons of subscription options here.


let’s wander into a brave new grouse world together and see what we can find. i bet it’s not all doom and viruses and death out there.


right?


this site uses cookies.





copyright 1997 – 2025 – grouse media


we cannot be stopped


twitter
mail
youtube
twitch
mastodon












