






derderian – academy of martial arts















































skip to content











home
about us 

faq
gallery


adult martial arts 

jeet kune do
filipino kali
adult karate


children’s martial arts
class schedule
pyramid yoga
kickboxing
contact

















johnston/cranston/smithfield martial arts
teaching karate & martial arts in rhode island since 1993










karate builds confidence-strength-discipline our kids karate program builds up confidence while teaching humility and respect for others. children who study karate develop self discipline and control while becoming stronger mentally and physically.  







karate teachers that are role models role models are incredibly important for your child's development. senseis raffi and susan derderian have been teaching karate in rhode island since 1993. they have trained a staff of friendly and professional instructors who love inspiring all of the students in a class. 







martial arts programs for all ages we have martial arts programs for men, women, and children (ages 4 & up). our classes and programs are separated by age. each class is taught specifically towards the age of the students. 










we offer several martial arts programs. let us help you achieve your goals! 
classes we offer ...













kids karate
fun, exciting classes that teach your child self-defense, help them get in great shape, and most importantly... give them tools they need for a happy, successful life that has balance.









adult  karate
get in shape, learn some awesome self defense skills all while making new friends. just some of the benefits to being in our our adult kenpo karate classes. beginners are always welcome and made to feel right at home. (oh yeah, and it is a lot of fun)









jeet kune do &  filipino kali
learn the art created by the late bruce lee. jeet kune do is a blended martial art that was put together specifically for self defense. sifu raffi opened the first jkd school in rhode island in 1993. he is one of the few people in the northeast usa to be certified under bruce lee protege dan inosanto. our kali program is incredible. if you are looking to train in the martial arts of the philippines, or our jkd program, try our three class offer. 









yoga & kickboxing classes
no matter which one you choose to do, you can't go wrong in either one of these two programs. both will have you feeling great!   try our introductory special and you'll be hooked! 












testimonials
what our members  are saying ...








"our sensei is the best! we perfect every move in a safe and structured class." i feel healthy and confident in any situation. plus, i'm in the best shape of my life and feel great. i highly recommend derderian martial arts."






										
												janet foster  
											
advanced student







"my son has attended derderian for the past three years and has loved it! the staff is extremely patient and takes their time with each individual student. they reinforce having manners, integrity and respectfulness towards others."






										
												patricia lewis-porrazzo  
											
student mother







"i've practiced martial arts under sifu raffi since 2002. i have accumulated much knowledge and made many new friends through my experience here, and it has been completely worth every minute spent in the dojo."






										
												andrew whitman  
											
jeet kune do & kali student











			copyright © 2021 | derderian academy of martial arts | 11 commerce way - johnston plaza (stop & shop), johnston, ri 02919. call (401) 946-0384.				
		









