


mexico startup services - real estate - location strategy

































welcome


homestartupreal estatelocation strategysite selection





contact us usa 858.754.9152 or [hidden email]




mexico real estate
mexico startup
mexico location strategy




 homestartupreal estatelocation strategysite selection



mexico startup services


startup services  >>>
free information cds  >>>
location strategy services  >>>
cities and maps  >>>
real estate services  >>>
business travel blog  >>>




mexico 2011
setting up or expanding a manufacturing facility in mexico? we are  north america’s most experienced advisors to united states, european,  and asian companies entering or expanding in mexico. real information  for your proforma, on-the-ground startup experience, and location  strategy from the mexico’s largest privately held real estate services  firm.

location strategy consulting




regional & city
comparisons based on your key decision drivers are the foundation of a macro survey...



logistics alternatives
costs and realities applied to your exact trucks with your product going to your customer locations...



customized cooperative effort
define your decision drivers. then we find the data to identify what location best satisfies those drivers...



micro location strategy
identifies a specific site, verifies permits, zoning, geotech, infrastructure and your operational requirements.



free audio cds

the  following audio cds are available at no cost to companies considering  opening or expanding in mexico. top industry experts share important  information critical to making informed business decisions relating to  locating in mexico.
 

 doing business in mexico: rules and realities
best  selling author and mexican market entry advisor shares tips  on the rules and realities of doing business in mexico. business  requirements, cultural necessities, pitfalls to avoid, and other  information from a true insider.
 

 mexico: aerospace manufacturing sector briefing
best  selling author and mexican market entry advisor shares tips  on the rules and realities of doing business in mexico. business  requirements, cultural necessities, pitfalls to avoid, and other  information from a true insider.
 

 mexico: automotive manufacturing sector briefing
best  selling author and mexican market entry advisor shares tips  on the rules and realities of doing business in mexico. business  requirements, cultural necessities, pitfalls to avoid, and other  information from a true insider.
 

 mexico vs china
best  selling author and mexican market entry advisor shares tips  on the rules and realities of doing business in mexico. business  requirements, cultural necessities, pitfalls to avoid, and other  information from a true insider.
 
real estate services




brokerage on a consulting or transactional basis



negotiating and closing real estate transactions



lease financing



construction management



manufacturing timeline



a brief tour of mexico's manufacturing history
(coming soon)



mexico's manufacturing sector has undergone profound changes in the last 40 years. we've summarized key events in this manufacturing timeline.





startup services



feasibility analysis
high level analysis of the suitability of your project for mexico and numbers for an initial proformance...



labor
detailed regional and local labor analysis including availability, skills, costs, turnover and unions...



logistics
real logistics costs specific to your project...



administrative outsourcing
in  house assistance with the uniquely mexican aspects of administrative  startup, hr recruiting and training, equipment moves, customs, licenses  and permits...




cities & maps

click city name for detailed city report


mexico map
mexico’s key cities are highlighted for context.



tijuana
most maquilas by number; medical manufacturing a big recent focus, management gets to live in southern california, toyota



mexicali
good infrastructure, low labor turnover, easy border crossing



queretaro
central location, excellent alternative to mexico city, auto and aerospace hub



saltillo
detroit south, monterrey services without monterrey prices



monterrey
industrial capital of mexico, best location for real



juarez
most maquila employees, established industrial culture, support



reynosa
fastest growing border location but big turnover and other challenges

 
other key cities: hermosillo, nogales, guadalajara, aguascalientes, zacatecas, silao, celaya, mexico city, toluca, puebla and others.

contact us

usa 858.754.9152
or email: [hidden email]



business travel blog

from mexico city's four seasons to monterrey hotel where pancho villa tied his horse at the bar, regular musings on our accomodation findings as business travelers
travel blog coming soon!






©2007 - 2025 • all rights reserved




