



books by dating coach michael pilinski






  









the official website for dating authormike pilinski's classic relationship books:without embarrassmentandshe's yours for the taking 







 


fear of rejection can be a life-destroying problem that haunts a surprising number of men.  even guys who are otherwise outgoing and friendly and even seem like great 'catches' can be crippled by a bizarre lack of confidence in this one ultra-important aspect of your personality.  you are laboring under an internal mental handicap that makes it seem as if everything you can possibly think of to say seems lame and idiotic... and so you choke up and don't speak.  the opportunity passes and is gone.

hi, i'm mike pilinski and i'd like to thank you for taking a time to take a look at my 2 classic books about mating and dating in the real world.  look, i know exactly how terrible this kind of stuff feels.  i was one of those guys who for many, many miserable years couldn't get a date (or even a phone number!) to save his life.  my botched and fumbling attempts at making social connections with women especially resulted in flat-out rejections that i personally experienced as ultra-humiliating.

ultimately my deepening isolation and growing shyness locked everything in place by robbing me of all further opportunities to interact with women naturally.  you know... in a casual and fun way that would allow me to slowly regain my confidence around them.  my confidence was in fact completely shot, and it was mostly a self-inflicted wound that was only triggered by the occasional nerve-wracking encounter in real life.

ninety percent may have been all in my head, but that's where we live, isn't it?

if any of this sounds disturbingly familiar, then take heart — because you have arrived at the brink of finally escaping your own personal prison cell.  once i show you how to identify, isolate and then firmly defeat your mental monsters like i did, you will be transformed.   it turns out that misguided thinking patterns centered around a poisonous emotional block known as toxic shame have attached themselves to your natural and very appropriate needs for affection.  this can make experiencing emotions such as love and romance uncomfortable, or even impossible for you.

 
shame is the root cause of all your most deeply programmed inhibitions. you must learn how to break free of toxic shame in order to become fully functional as man. we work on this relentlessly in the book.


the confidence-building skills in my books will reanimate your social life by showing you how to project an intriguing personality that an amazing number of women will find magnetic.  never again stand by helplessly while your mind blanks-out at the worst possible moment — you'll learn how to read a woman's eyes when you ask her this one particular type of question, and then instantly apply this "secret knowledge" to connect with her in a way that makes it seem like the two of you already possess a natural chemistry.  my books are loaded with hacks such as these that will help you get started making connections before you gain a lot of self-confidence.

that confidence will soon come naturally on its' own, and that's the best way to welcome it into your skill set.








for over 20 years my books have been helping men around the world get their social lives off the ground.  back in the 'oughts' i used to get lots of e-mails from guys telling me how much my ideas had improved their attitude, as well as their success with women.  now of course that's all migrated over to social media (which i suck at, sadly) and nowadays such exchanges are less frequent.


but... i still continue to power out a steady drip of reviews from my amazon pages... at a (gradual) pace that humility will not allow me to reveal, of course. ;-)  a sampling:





excellent and very positive
reviewed in the united states on december 6, 2013
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


this is one of the most rational and reasonable books on meeting and romancing women that i have ever read.  it gives you loads of great advice that will help you get flirty conversations going, without all the negative crap that a lot of these "pick-up artists" like to preach about.

i bought this book and read it alongside john bradshaw's 'healing the shame that binds you'.  mike highly recommends this book to purge yourself of all the self-hating garbage in your head that's holding you back, and it was extremely enlightening as well.  great information, get it.


 


enlightening!
reviewed in the united states on september 21, 2013
4.5 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


without embarrassment is no simple regurgitation of a lot of the common-sense seduction ploys being passed around out there (mostly worthless junk).

instead, this is a deep exploration into the psychological underpinnings of the mental shame that cripples us, and an even greater understanding of the women that we desire!  along the way, michael's musings in our very human nature are peppered with humorous jabs to keep it all light and entertaining.  very, very well written!


 


it should get 6 stars! * * * * * *
reviewed in the united states on july 27, 2006
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


this book really helps you develop a genuine charisma and a sort of approachable personality type that attracts women.  "attitude" entails more than just self confidence, this author shows you how to become the kind of person that other people enjoy being around, making it easier to just be generally more social.

the book is a sizable read and packs a lot of information and detail.  it is also very honest: the author doesn't brag about his exploits but rather admits his failures and how he dealt with them.  since i went to an all-boys high school, i did not get a chance to learn any dating skills or how to deal with the opposite sex, so i found this book especially useful in improving my weak (?) social skills.

thank you mike pilinski!


 


a must read for anyone who's ever been shy around girls
reviewed in the united states on march 9, 2016
4.5 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


as an introverted and shy person, (brains out the hoo-ha, but zero knowledge of the fairer sex while i was growing up) this book was extremely enlightening.  the title "without embarrassment" sums it all up: isn't freedom from embarrassment and humiliation what we all want to have?   i'm now able to function without feeling stupid!


 


simply.. one of the best!
reviewed in the united states on june 4, 2007
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


i found this book gave me a deep understanding of the many charming steps which the author describes. these are all of profound value, and mr. pilinski elaborates a lot on every topic, so you will have a very deep understanding of why all of it works when he is done.




 




paperback 300 pages

(kindle version also available)




 









 


my follow up to without embarrassment — she's yours for the taking — goes in a different, more practical direction.  this 5 part book is loaded with no-nonsense seduction advice that a guy can refer to at every step along the way: from how to initially engage a woman impactfully that makes an intriguing first impression, to guiding her straight into your arms (and bedroom) forever.

you will do this with a series of easy-to-learn, well-formatted moves that will steadily increase the sexual tension between the two of you until, well, she's yours.

dealing with sexy women is simple once you learn how to apply the three-date master seduction... action, connecting and romantic-style get togethers that appeal to a woman's deepest mating-and-bonding instincts.  taking this sort of laser-targeted approach to a girl's heart can help to forge that elusive bond of chemistry — something which is totally absent on first dates that go nowhere and must be properly addressed.

no matter what your own personal life situation my be — if you're just getting back into dating after a divorce, or if your rusty social skills could use a tune-up, she's yours for the taking will move your romantic game to the next level.

that heart-stopping girl you just spotted in a crowd or at the market?... she could be your lover in just days after a brief, whirlwind courtship that the both of you will never forget.  it's time to go for it.








she's yours is one of my personally highest rated books on amazon, guys love this one — especially the step-by-step layout that makes it easy to follow and (important!) remember what to say at the most critical moments.  here's a look at a few:





very intelligent, practical, and original dating advice
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


this book is pretty much self-contained and can be read independently, but it is also a nice companion to "without embarassment" written by the same author. the content is clear, cogently organized, practical, and most of all it gives you better chances of success in your dating or in pursuing a long term relationship.

further, reading mike's books is a breeze, they are easy to understand, funny and captivate your attention. when i want to meet a person i always keep it in mind. very highly recommended


 


a real gem
4.8 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


of all the books and audio information products in this field, she's yours for the taking is a real gem. it's totally original, not a rehash of someone else's ideas. the book is easy to read, but deep in wisdom, forged from real life trials and tribulations. certainly not some shallow set of ideas like so many other books.

i first heard of the author when i purchased another audio product on dating and attraction (from a different author) and received a bonus report by pilinski as part of the package. i was very impressed with what i read, not only did it strongly resonate, but it was different from all the other glib advice out there, it really hammered home some basic truths in a way you actually "got it".

pilinski pulls no punches and gets to the core issues that many men tend to struggle with in this area of life. he gives a real action plan while cutting through a lot of what i would call "social programming" and dubious mainstream advice.

like all really good books in their field, this is not a one read and put away (there are way too many of them), this is a book i'll go back to again and again. if you have struggled in getting what you want in this area of life, this is a great book for getting you back on the right track.


 


thanks to mike
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


this is a great place to start for anyone who struggles with dating and romance. its also a great place to start for those who think they do not struggle with dating and romance. mike is also quite humorous in his approach. great resource. i highly recommend.


 


not for players!
4.5 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


i originally bought this ebook years ago, and printed it off. full of valuable insights. highly recommended. not for "players", but for those of us who aspire to be real men.

 


changed my life forever
5.0 out of 5 stars

verified purchase


thank you michael for have written this amazing and intelligent book... just thank you my friend... my life surely will change from now on for the better since i feel empowered to lead a magnificient life!



 
 




paperback 320 pages

(kindle version also available)






no kindle? no problem...


both books are available both in printed softcover paperback or as kindle downloads. you can turn any smartphone into a kindle reader and enjoy thousands of free and low cost e-books. get a free kindle app for your mac, pc, android or ios smartphone right here




 




being unable to draw a positive response from people that you wish to connect with, especially women, can cause any man to develop awkward social behaviors that tend to make him more and more unappealing and unattractive.  this nasty situation can keep you locked into a frustrating and never-ending cycle of rejection, failure and further withdrawal.

i understand this anxiety on a personal level — my books were designed to get my readers motivated and inspired to start taking chances and putting themselves out there.   i've found that it is a deadly and ultimately pointless mistake to allow yourself to be paralyzed by a fear of rejection... a fear based on your (very rational) dread of the continued ruminating, the continued mental torment... the tossing and turning and reliving of these brutal humiliations over and over again. you will subject yourself to all these dark emotions if you dare to mess up! right?

here's what you must understand: memories of failure — no matter how powerful — are temporary as long as you keep moving forward and flushing them away: in other words, these terrible memories are quickly displaced by the next socially-significant event, either good or bad.  bad memories do not stack themselves into a crushing weight of anxiety and rage that threatens to destroy your mind.  you can escape the mental prison of self-effacing rumination with a variety of hacks that i demonstrate in my books.

in fact, you will find that the faster you push through your stumbles and bumbles the faster you will begin to experience breakthroughs that will quickly make you forget about them... and your former self as well.  life is about growth, after all.  otherwise, it is little more than a miserable quest for safety and security, and who needs that?

carpe diem my friend!



















men, start transforming your social confidence today!







critical early moves to remember when encountering an attractive girl for the first time







3 things you can do to start socializing with more women... today







becoming the kind of nice guy that women actually want to date







how to become an unconscious flirt


 






 
 






