














legal documents, business contract templates & legal forms | net lawman uklegal documents & guidesbusinesspersonalpropertypricingpricingpricingreturning customer?sign in to your accountcountry australia canada india ireland new zealand south africauk australia  canada  india  ireland  new zealand  south africa search0basket sign in sign upmenu legal documents you can trust to protect your interests  comprehensive coverage of legal and practical matters, written and explained in plain english search for contracts, forms, notices and guidance search  most popular topics businessshareholders agreementsemployment contractsnon-disclosure agreementsloan agreementsbusiness sale agreementswebsite terms & conditionssee all business topicspersonallast will and testamentseparation agreementfriends and family loan agreementpre-nuptial agreementscohabitation agreementtenants in common agreementsee all personal topicspropertyassured shorthold tenancy agreementsresidential licences to occupyproperty option agreementscommercial lease agreementsfarm business tenancy agreementgrazing agreementsee all property topics tackle legal matters yourself plain english makes our documents easy to edit, quickly acceptable to all parties, and less likely to be disputed later. protect all your interests cover practical points that go further to protect you, not just the minimum legal framework for the deal. tap into our experience even though our guidance notes explain how to edit each paragraph, our legal team is available to help you word an unusual point, review your document or even write it for you.join over 520,000 people who have used net lawman here’s what our customers say about ushigh quality & affordableworking with net lawman has been an excellent and seamless process. i was surprised how effective, high quality and still affordable an online legal service could be. they provided genuine and nuanced expertise on the subject, offered clear and understandable explanations and were always very quick to reply and offer support.i'd definitely consider using their services for any future projects requiring any legal elementclive liebmannexcellent lawyer assistancefantastic service. the template document we purchased was comprehensive yet easy to understand, well formatted, and the guidance provided for tailoring the document was spot on. the document review service was superb. after submitting the document we received a courtesy acknowledgement almost immediately and the review was completed and returned to us with corrections, alterations and feedback very quickly within 24 hours. follow up queries were responded to promptly. as a result of the quality of the template and the friendly, helpful and engaging approach of the reviewer, we now have our document completed much quicker than i ever imagined. the whole experience from start to finish was excellent.jeremy riches, peripoint consultinggreat servicethe customer service, advice and documentation received by net lawman has been brilliant, it’s easy to use and spot on for our we were initially nervous about the authenticity of the web based site but were suitably reassured which prompted our purchase.the plain english within the legal framework made the document accessible. i would highly recommendjacqueline hammondrecommended byyour accountabout uscontact supportprivacy noticeterms & conditions © 1999 - 2025 net lawman limited.  all rights reserved 