



google tutor: tutorials and tips for google users











































about & contact | advertise | privacy








google tutor
your how-to guide for google with google tutorials, tips for using google and handy tricks.












 

google tips, tricks, and tutorials…

 
24 hours in the google economy (infographic)

there is no doubt that google is the undisputed leader when it comes to search advertising. in fact, google generated a tremendous $10.8 billion in advertising …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
can facebook beat google? (infographic)

now that the long awaited facebook ipo is behind us, we can take some time to dig a bit into a comparison where facebook actually makes …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google launches knowledge graph, a significant change in serps

google has been drawing a lot of flak in the past few months for cluttering its search result pages (serps) with results from google+ and also …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google docs gets a new research tool

if you are creating a report or composing a document on a particular topic using google docs, chances are that you switch to google search often …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
gmail gets better google+ notifications

google+, like all other social networks, has a system of sending notification emails depending on the kinds of activity notifications you’ve opted to receive. by default …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
scanurl does a comprehensive security scan for a url

if you have been our subscriber for a long time and generally read all our articles then you’d probably remember this post on google safe browsing …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google drive arrives, google docs is now a part of it

the day has come. yesterday, google unveiled the long awaited google drive. rumors had been doing the rounds since i don’t know how long and even …
click to continue…  3 comments…


 
gmail now gives more information about emails it marks as spam

gmail’s brilliant spam filter has always been a prime jewel in its throne, and has garnered a lot of praise since it came into being (though …
click to continue…  one comment…


 
google’s upcoming search changes – the real deal or just a pr play?

a few days ago, the wall street journal ran a story titled google gives search a refresh. considering that it talks about the dominant search engine …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google revamps the crawl errors section of webmaster tools

google webmaster tools is a great tool that provides a good bit of insight into how google is crawling one’s site and how a webmaster can …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
collaborate in real-time with the google docs app for android

there’s no doubt about the fact that google docs for android is a great app with a nice interface and cool features. we talked about it …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
10 cool google wallpapers to spice up your desktop

there are some who don’t bother much with their wallpapers, and then there are some who keep searching for cool, new wallpapers to spice up their …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
chrome for android finally sees the light of the day

one of the pet peeves about android that its veteran users have had since its early days is its default browser. its lack of features have …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
grad school to google: how larry and sergey became billionaires

this exceptional infographic not only knocks it out of the park graphically but the story keeps you interested and entertained. it is the story of google …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
where did google make their money in 2011?

the google numbers are in, and the empire went from 32.2 billion to 37.9 billion since the beginning of last year. the latest infographic on the …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
gmail offline chrome app gets more features

remember the gmail offline chrome app we talked about that lets you work on gmail in offline mode? well, looks like it got better with more …
click to continue…  one comment…


 
google’s campaign against sopa and pipa saw 4.5 million signing the petition

i’m sure each one of you would agree that yesterday was an unprecedented day in the history of the internet. a huge number of major sites, …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
has google erred big time with search plus your world?

have you started noticing more of google+ in the results when you search google while you are signed in to your google account? like, google+ status …
click to continue…  5 comments…


 
search different google services from one page with what do you love

what do you love? (wdyl) is an all-in-one search page created by google that lets users conduct a search for a single query across multiple google …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
in college? google has some tips for you

one of the creative product marketing methods that google uses now and then is creating landing pages that target a specific demographic. you might remember about …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google’s revamped doodle site shows off its impressive doodle collection

we all love google doodles, don’t we? and this year, google has been really experimenting with them, bringing out video doodles, doodles that play music and …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google zeitgeist 2011 is out; rebecca black pips google’s own google+ to occupy top spot

it’s the time of the year when google releases its zeitgeist, a compilation of search trends that dominated billions of google searches across the world. the …
click to continue…  one comment…


 
google+ adds cool new features to hangouts

google continues to add more awesomeness to its flagship social network google+, and this time it has chosen its already cool and popular hangouts for the …
click to continue…  add a comment…


 
google+ decentralizes photo tagging with find my face

one of the things i hate about sharing photos or photo albums on social networks is tagging. it’s just too much of work to select and …
click to continue…  2 comments…


 
reduce google calendar clutter by hiding morning and night hours

frequent users of google calendar will agree that when it comes to looking at your schedule for the next day, the long, empty hours at night …
click to continue…  one comment…




next entries »












advertise here




      authors
    

abhijeet mukherjee
christine buske
david van
peter jalbert
brian wallace
phil glockner
mark o’neill
yoast devalk


friends

craig fifield
joost devalk
guiding tech
pc extreme


deals

save $5 - spanning sync discount code


$120 off - with this botw promo for ads


coupons! - save with our google checkout coupons







popular categories

news, gmail, google chrome, google docs, google calendar



just posted

24 hours in the google economy (infographic)can facebook beat google? (infographic)google launches knowledge graph, a significant change in serpsgoogle docs gets a new research toolgmail gets better google+ notifications 


just said...

google tutor’s  google search manual
kennedy mensah:  i am overwhelmed about the details i used to overlook
buadi barachel:  the google tutor is quite faster and helps in retrieving...
search engine friendly:  good information. lucky me i discovered your blog by...

using the google deskbar
penney:  everything is very open with a clear clarification of the issues. it...

building a basic search query
best sodasteam:  that is a really good tip especially to those new to thhe...




community

join me at: twitter, mybloglog


tools

beginner's guide to google
google help forums
shared items plugin
track google via twitter
research google
simply advanced google search


 
















google tutor: google tutorials and tips © 2003-2015. all rights reserved. advertise, about & contact us, sitemap, privacy. cdn service by maxcdn. googletutor.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with google, inc. in any way (although we'd love to be!) we are just fans :)
	  















