






















second harvest heartland | local minnesota, wisconsin food bank | 2harvest.org




















      skip to main content
    















main navigation



find food





food near me




care center - free help finding food




grocery assistance (snap)




senior food boxes




summer meals for kids






about us





about hunger




our impact




programs & services




agency partners




make hunger history






ways to give





donate money




donate food




host a fundraiser




events & promotions




corporate & foundation giving




planned giving






advocate





take action now




advocacy 101




policy priorities






volunteer





volunteer faq




volunteer login










search








utility menu



donate

















utility menu



donate







search



search




































                                      make hunger history
      
            

                                      the 2030 moonshot
      
            

            new statewide data is setting a course to cut hunger in half for all minnesotans by 2030. 
      

learn more





close
need help now?866-844-3663get free help finding food and applying for snap with our care center.















                                      give now to help end hunger
      
            


1 in 5 minnesota households are food insecure. your support today helps provide much-needed food to local families who are missing meals. 




























 



$30
90 meals

$50
150 meals

$100
300 meals
enter donation

$ 

600 meals

donate now


 










 hunger and hope in the heartlandthe pervasiveness of hunger has become undeniable, and demand for food assistance continues to rise. but, working together, we all make it easier for our neighbors to reach out when they need help. we're feeding families. we're changing lives.











prev
next























“it’s just as simple as a meal, but when you’re a single mom, it’s more than just that. when we can come home to these prepared meals, it takes hours off my evening.”




                                                    latashia
      
                



                                                    kitchen coalition meal recipient
      
                


























“we support second harvest because they ensure families can focus on the bigger things they want out of life.”




                                                    affinity plus federal credit union
      
                



                                                    cause marketing partner
      
                


























“because of my health problems, i need healthy food. [with snap], you don’t have to buy canned; you can go for the fresh because that’s what your body wants.”




                                                    suzann
      
                



                                                    snap client
      
                


























“hunger exists no matter what shape the economy is in, or how many jobs exist. together, we can make all the difference.”




                                                    darlene
      
                



                                                    volunteer
      
                


























“not only are small, emerging farmers being paid a fair price for their harvest, but that harvest is directly fighting hunger in diverse communities.”




                                                    theresa mccormick
      
                



                                                    the good acre
      
                


























“we haven’t had money for food. sometimes the only food we’ve had in a week has been a box from valley outreach [our local food shelf]. we are just incredibly grateful.”




                                                    toianna and james 
      
                



                                                    food shelf client
      
                


























“we never know what cards life will deal us, but we do know we can always help others if they’ve received a disadvantaged hand.”




                                                    paulette and harper
      
                



                                                    donors
      
                































                                              we believe hunger is a solvable problem
      
                



there is more than enough food for everyone. as one of the nation’s largest hunger relief agencies, it’s our job to make sure healthy, nutritious food gets to the households who need it. every day, we’re working together to source and distribute food efficiently, advocate for effective policies and programs, and invest in new ways to end hunger in the heartland.


support our mission
see how we help
























                                      we can help
      
            

                                      need food?
      
            


hunger can happen to anyone. second harvest heartland can help you find free food near you, and connect you with other food assistance resources.


find food near you


























            our mission in action
      


see how our food bank team, our network of local partners, and our generous volunteers and donors are working to end hunger together.

















            end hunger together radiothon
      
 tue, feb 4 2025, 6:00am
-6:00pm








                            join us for the 16th annual end hunger together radiothon, hosted by news talk 830 wcco, on tuesday, february 4 from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. to raise funds for second harvest heartland.
            
learn more

















            lunch time with kitchen coalition at pathways on the park
      







                            the sanneh foundation distributes kitchen coalition meals to a senior housing development in st. paul.
            
read more
















            how a produce partnership with the good acre changed one farmer’s life
      







                            second harvest heartland partner the good acre is a nonprofit food hub through which our food bank purchases produce from 48 local bipoc growers, including robert lor of my little garden.
            
read more
















            how snap helps grocery stores make food accessible
      







                            on average, for every $1 invested in the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap), $1.50 is generated for grocers, making snap an important resource not just for those facing hunger, but for…
            
read more
















            a fulfilling effort: the ways in which college students volunteer at second harvest heartland
      







                            college students are a valuable part of our volunteer team, donating their time and skills in helping feed their community.
            
read more
















            stories of hunger and hope in the heartland
      







                            the 2024 fall/winter issue of heartland connection, second harvest heartland's print newsletter, is now available. read about neighbors like leanne and jennifer, our make hunger history…
            
read newsletter


































join us in ending hunger


connect with us and keep up to date on how your support is helping end hunger in our community. stay in-the-know about upcoming events, ways to help our hungry neighbors and more.



sign up

































facebook




twitter




youtube




pinterest




instagram




linkedin











facebook




twitter




youtube




pinterest




instagram




linkedin









about us




contact, hours & location




executive team




board of directors




strategic plan




financials & reports




state nonprofit disclosures









careers




view open positions




benefits












careers




view open positions




benefits









press room




brand & logos




events & promotions




stories 








partner portal














        donor portal
      



log in





















                                  second harvest heartland
      
          

                                  picture yourself with a career at
      
          


from truck drivers and forklift operators to volunteer leaders and program staff, our team of 200 hunger fighters is on a mission to end hunger in our region. join our team and use your skills to create change.


careers































                            © 2024 second harvest heartland. all rights reserved. second harvest heartland is a 501(c)(3) non-profit recognized by the irs.
      
              

                            tax id number: 23-7417654
      
              


facility address: 7101 winnetka ave n. brooklyn park, mn 55428donation mailing address: po box 64051, saint paul, mn 55164-0051651-484-5117 or 888-339-3663 • location & hours








contact us




privacy policy




charity navigator score
















second harvest heartland is a member of feeding america, a nationwide network of more than 200 food banks that help feed people across the country.





























