

real estate north shore, auckland | prestige real estate





































browse propertiesselling with uslive auctionsproperty managementrentalsproperty reportappraisals














find a property managerselecting an agentregister for new listingscode of conductauction conductreaa guidesfaqsproperty awards







enquiries@prestigerealty.co.nz
+64 9 489 2699
follow us

































buylive auctionssellrentour teamservices












 





id, keyword or suburb




view listings



 











			 make yourproperty selection
		

			find the one.
		




			 make yourproperty selection
		

			find the one.
		




			 make yourproperty selection
		

			find the one.
		




			 make yourproperty selection
		

			find the one.
		




			 make yourproperty selection
		

			find the one.
		







feature properties

view more listings

 










excellencethe prestige real estate international ltd team is totally committed to real estate excellence. our aim is quite simply to provide you with the best real estate experience of your life!

 





explore our other servicesfind out how we can help sell your property in auckland fast. prestige real estate international ltd is a top provider of real estate services in this area in new zealand. 



property management
community involvement
chinese contact
apartments & new developments




 


 






stay up-to-date with the prestige property report





enter your email address












 



looking to sell? 
looking to buy?
talk to us.










selling


selling with usfind an agentappraisalschinese contact

















buying


auction conductregister for new listingsfaqs

















rentals


property managementtenant application

















about us


our philosophycontactservices offeredcommunity involvement












 




email.
+64 9 489 2699
locate us.





prestige
9 milford rd
milford
auckland





open
9.00 am - 5.00 pm





 





follow us
















 













privacy policymaking a complaintrea guidescode of conductauction conductbuy/sell guides







© prestige real estate international ltd is licensed under the real estate agents act 2008









 


