

drum brothers & standing wave






























 

 home  calendar  offerings 
about us  custom drums  
web store 


























come get your groove on!






drum brothers @ free cycles missoula













welcome to drum brothers!



on oct. 26th, drum brothers will be performing a special fall concert at free cycles missoula. the show starts at 7:30 pm. $10 at the door. click here for all the details.let's get our groove on!

click here for our calendar.watch drum brothers 
appearance on the emmy award winning montana pbs program,
11th & grant.

here is a link to the entire show. see
their performance of denadon below.
  























































 
featured artists

drum brothers
world percussion ensemble - high energy performances, workshops & retreats, and recordings.

matthew marsolek
performer, composer, educator, event facilitator.

a musical dreamtime journey
contemplative music celebrating the solstice season - performed in the round with wind instruments, percussion, and voice.

drum brothers drums
hand crafted djembes, ashikos, dunun, and frame drums - created by dave marsolek & tracy topp.
 


drum brothers

drum brothers music player
 
 


  
offerings





performing groups
recordings
workshops
team building
hand-made drums
web store
newsletter




booking inquiries
media kit
rhythmic world
community links
about us
contact
home










 

 
e newsletter
subscribe to get updates on performances, recordings, workshops and more! we
value the privacy of our friends and fans and we won't share your info with any person or organization.

 
matthew marsolek on tedx
matthew's talk entitled, "the language of
west african drumming and the ease of synchrony", is now available on youtube.
 

matthew has a new page which features his work as a composer
in a variety of different styles. click here
to take a look and a listen!

 
drum tuning
for hand drummers and dunun players, check out these tuning instructions which you can view and download.

 
web store
feel free to 
browse our store for tickets and event registrations, cds & mp3s, hand-made drums & accessories, t-shirts & clothing, jewelry, drum repair and re-heading, and more!







rhythm retreats
   
"if you have a heartbeat, you have rhythm!"
along with concerts and workshops around the region, drum brothers host two annual residential rhythm retreats, the  

boulder river rhythm retreat, south of big timber, montana, and the 
end-of-summer rhythm gathering, just outside of lincoln, montana.
activities include: rhythm classes in the west african tradition, song circles, the option to build a drum, 
and african dance classes. each evening we'll gather for a community rhythm circle and in the mornings, 
we'll be treated to a musical wake up and the option of gentle yoga. and don't forget the great food we have at each event! 
 check out our workshops page 








 
getting involved
we love connecting like-minded people who share our love of world music, music making, and community building. 
and we can always use help with promoting events, setting up for shows & workshops, and spreading the word on social media. 
over the years, we've found that finding the right point person is often what's needed to make an event happen, especially one in a new town or venue. 
and that person could be you. 
drop us a line with your contact info and where you live, and we'll get back to you.

 top of page 





 â© standing wave llc. all rights reserved. |
design: html5 up 












