




nc specialty foods association




















































 skip to main contentnc specialty foods associationabout us

mission & vision
board of directors
newsletter archive
my carolina videos


search

find members
find stores
member updates


member info

knowledgebase
international marketing opportunities
carlyle teague educational fund
member benefits
join


conferences

summer of expansion event series
2024 awards winners


dish this!
contact
my account
main contentwelcome to the nc specialty foods association





 dish this!
the premier catalog of nc specialty foods association members, published by the nc department of agriculture. get your copy today and discover unique food products made in north carolina.
view it online now


 leadership
scott stephenspresidenthampton farms, specialty division. scott has worked with hampton farms for 3 years and has 25 years experience working with specialty food manufacturers and resellers throughout virginia and north carolina.mark overbaysecretarymark overbay is co-founder & president of durham, nc-based big spoon roasters.becca wrighttreasurerbecca jordan wright is the founder and ceo of piedmont pennies, a snack company based in charlotte, nc, that specializes in cheesy biscuit bites based on her grandmother's recipe. its mission is to help the world, "stay cheesin!"
 
meet the board


copyright © 2025  nc specialty foods association · privacy policy · terms of servicethank you for visiting

ncsfa-masterform-popuphow can we help?- select -i am interested in membershipi'm a retail store owner/manageri'm a consumer looking for productsi'm a current ncsfa memberit's something elsefirst namelast namecompanyemailretail store helplooking for ncsfa members?  click here to search for members by products or categories
is your store listed on our map?  click here to search for your storewhat would you like from the ncsfa?- select -i'd like to receive a list of ncsfa members and their productsi'd like to validate my store and add it to your website mapsomething elsecompany/store nameretailer_address_fieldsaddress line 1address line 2citystatezip codestore urlstore phonei certify that i currently carry at least one product from a member of the ncsfa and would like to be added to your store locator map: yes noinfo on membershipby entering your name and email address, and submitting this form, you agree to be added to our mailing list.  you'll receive an email immediately from us with some additional details on membership and our monthly newsletter.
if your interest changes and you no longer want to hear from us, unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email.  
here are a couple of links to additional information:
newsletter archive
how to joinis your product/service ready for sale? yes noinfo on productsby entering your name and email address, and submitting this form, you agree to be added to our email list.  we send a brief email with updates from members, generally once a month.  if your interest changes and you no longer want to hear from us, unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email.
click here to search for members by products or categoriesgive us more detailsmember helphow can we help with your membership?- select -i have an update for the monthly newsletteri have a social media post to sharei need help with the website or my accounti'd like to publish a testimonial for the ncsfait's something elsenewsletter or social media updatewebsite or social media url for your updateradio field facebook instagramtell us moreyour testimonial about the ncsfai certify that the name, email address and any other information are true and correct, i grant the ncsfa to contact me as related to the request in this form submission.certification no yessubmit 
nc specialty foods association


























