




communications solutions - networks and applications | oracle































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


solutions


5g core network
multigenerational network signaling and security
enterprise communications solutions
enterprise communications platform
digital business experience
unified operations
cloud scale monetization
store operations and device leasing
erp and supply chain management
human capital management
cloud infrastructure




communications products
consulting services
customer stories
business insights

















industries












communications
create new digital experiences, deliver on the full potential of 5g, and easily deploy new iot business models. with our complete suite of cloud native applications and secure network infrastructure solutions, you can evolve your network and grow revenue today.


request a demo















oracle communications industry spotlight






starlink to provide reliable high-speed connectivity to the oracle enterprise communications platform
oracle is using connectivity from starlink, the world’s first and largest satellite constellation using a low earth orbit to deliver broadband internet, to enable high-speed communications for the enterprise communications platform (ecp).



read the release








strategies to monetize the 5g revolution
telcos will spend a trillion dollars building our next-gen mobile networks. here’s how they plan to drive returns.



access the ebook








omdia ranks oracle as a top 5g core vendor
learn why csps trust oracle’s 5g core solutions for rapid, scalable, and agile deployment that will support the monetization of new 5g services.



download the report



















routesbillionsof calls and text messages every day




protects networks in thetop 20communications service providers




orchestrates more than10morders per day




supports more than5bsubscribers globally













communications reimagined for 5g and beyond




5g core network




network analytics suite
make more-strategic decisions using relevant, trusted historical data and unbiased predictions about the network by leveraging ai and ml.


5g signaling and routing
manage your network at scale by providing routing control, resiliency, security, and observability to the 5g core network.


converged charging system
charge for 5g services in real time with cloud native online and offline charging. meet the needs of any service, segment, or payment model.




5g core automation
leverage analytics and automation for a superior service and network experience. configure, test, and deploy 5g core network functions automatically into the production environment.


5g core policy control function
build tailored 5g network policies, improve your 5g quality of service, and introduce and monetize new services.




oracle communications consulting
deploy new solutions quickly with minimal cost and risk. consult our network operations and bss/oss experts to help you implement, integrate, configure, and operate your on-premises and cloud applications.
network
applications



build a future-proof blueprint for 5g








cloud scale monetization




oracle cloud scale charging and billing
unify charging and billing to monetize anything at any scale. benefit from a single product catalog, single solution provisioning, and single hierarchical structuring.


oracle cloud scale charging
create adaptive pricing models across 2g to 5g networks, services, experiences, and payment types.


oracle cloud scale billing
easily invoice payments and manage subscriptions, collections, receivables, and settlements in any business model. aligned with tm forum open apis.




oracle fusion cloud financials
get a full picture of your business by combining billing and financials. efficiently convert orders into transaction data for financial reporting.



monetize any business model
are csps prepared to charge for 5g?















oracle cloud infrastructure




why oracle apps run best on oracle cloud
oracle cloud infrastructure offers improved performance and availability, up to 39% lower tco, and simpler migration for all oracle on-premises applications.


service orchestration and order fulfillment
automate the design, delivery, and lifecycle management of fixed, pre-5g, and 5g-era mobile and digital services delivered over physical and cloud-based networks.


oracle industry solutions
build, run, and grow your business from top to bottom, from elastic cloud infrastructure to hyperpersonalized customer experiences that turn prospects into champions.




oracle visual builder studio
rapidly create and extend applications using a visual development environment with integrated agile and collaborative development, version control, and continuous delivery automation.


oracle container engine for kubernetes
simplify the operations of enterprise-grade kubernetes at scale and reduce the time, cost, and effort needed to manage the complexities of the kubernetes infrastructure.


oracle cloud economics
save consistently on compute, storage, and networking compared with aws, azure, and google cloud.





simplify your it infrastructure








multigenerational network signaling and security




3g/4g signaling solutions
create a secure signaling architecture that reduces complexity and cost and increases growth, interoperability, and network visibility.


oracle communications eagle signaling solution
gain seamless connections to pstn ss7/tdm links and manage intelligent routing, screening services, mnp, eir, integrated performance, and service management.


oracle communications cloud native core converged policy
support seamless 4g/5g interworking, maintain quality of service control, and manage subscribers’ quality of experience.




acme packet platforms
deliver trusted, real-time communications across internet protocol (ip) network borders based on their different needs for performance and capacity.


oracle communications consulting
deploy new solutions quickly with minimal cost and risk. build more flexibility and best practices into your operations with managed services for network operations.


oracle communications session border controller
deliver trusted, carrier-grade, real-time communications, such as voip, volte, and rich communications services, with protocol support, scalability, and manageability in all types of ip networks.




oracle communications cloud native
design a robust and scalable core with best-in-class, microservices-based, network functions (nfs) and flexible deployment options, and take advantage of 5g network slicing.


oracle communications 5g service communication proxy
secure and manage 5g networks by providing routing control, resiliency, and observability to your core network.



protect and evolve multigenerational networks








unified operations




oracle communications unified orchestration and assurance
pave the path for closed-loop service lifecycle automation with a unified orchestration, inventory, and assurance solution.


oracle communications unified orchestration
design, configure, orchestrate, and activate fixed, mobile, and digital services across physical, cloud, and sdn-based networks.


oracle communications unified assurance
deploy the solution as a standalone or federate across existing assurance assets to automate fault and performance management using ml-based root cause analysis.




oracle communications unified inventory and topology
bolster orchestration and assurance with unified, near real-time network and service inventory and topology views.



run operations at cloud scale
appledore research’s solution profile















human capital management




oracle human resources
plan for your people’s future with a single data source. build consistent hr practices across the globe. speak to each employee in their language.


oracle talent management
attract and retain the talent you need to compete in the 5g world. find the talent gaps that could hold back your strategic initiatives.


oracle recruiting (pdf)
create simple experiences for candidates to apply for jobs. automatically surface the best candidates for open positions.




oracle onboarding
simplify your employee experience with automatic onboarding and friendly self-service that reaches your people in your stores, in the call center, at the corporate office, and at home.



attract, onboard, and retain the best people















enterprise communications




oracle communications enterprise session border controller
protect critical, real-time communications for collaboration, unified communications (uc), and contact centers.


microsoft teams and oracle communications
oracle and microsoft collaborate to simplify the adoption of cloud technologies and saas-based applications for customers, providing secure, integrated communication services to deliver the most-protected and highest-quality voice experience.




zoom and oracle communications
sbcs are certified for zoom premise peering (bring your own carrier) to help deliver uc solutions, allowing customers to keep their own carrier and enabling enterprises to maintain their existing on-premises voice infrastructure.



enable your hybrid communications network















digital business experience




digital business experience
launch innovative products and services across all sales channels. accurately capture, efficiently orchestrate, and flexibly monetize customer services. drive loyalty by delivering intelligent, personalized, and proactive customer care across channels for a differentiated digital experience













erp and supply chain management




oracle fusion cloud financials
seamlessly manage global financial systems and increase profitability with a comprehensive suite of features and tools.


oracle fusion cloud procurement
get a 360-degree view of key product and network infrastructure suppliers across all your operating companies. cut sourcing lead times and improve supplier quality.


oracle fusion cloud enterprise performance management
get an enterprise performance view of planning that unifies finance and governance across operating companies. accurately model scenarios and create forecasts for new 5g markets and offerings.




oracle fusion cloud supply chain planning
manage project-driven supply chains to efficiently build and capitalize 5g fixed assets. quickly detect and resolve supply chain disruptions.



equip your back office to support faster growth















store operations and device leasing




oracle retail planning and inventory
plan your retail inventories for efficiency and maximum sales.


oracle commerce
boost conversion rates by completing online orders in stores.


oracle retail xstore point of service
use your point-of-sale systems to offer the right products and financing, with access to a single view of your customers, inventory, and orders.




oracle financial services lending and leasing
give your subscribers affordable device financing choices to fit their budget and lifestyle. get rid of device subsidies that hurt your balance sheet.



improve store operations and device leasing options






















oracle communications customer successes

discover how our customers experience oracle communications




























find resources and more





cloud learning
industry insights
share knowledge












see what’s new in oracle digital experience for communications
learn about the latest features of our complete customer experience saas solution.
learn more about saas
















omdia analyst report: converged policy in 5g
learn why a cloud native, converged policy solution delivers seamless interworking and a smooth migration between 4g and 5g.
read the converged policy report





additional insights

explore communications—business insights
omdia business brief: growing revenue with customer-centric buying experiences
analysys mason report: cloud native order management bolsters service agility












build the perfect 5g network
hear industry experts from analysys mason, bt, telenor, and oracle discuss the benefits of cloud native, standalone 5g networks.
watch the webinar replay





more assets

oracle communications at a glance (pdf)
virtual event replay: transform customer experience
abi research report: importance of signaling in 5g (pdf)
business brief: monetizing 5g (pdf)
















news and opinion

oracle enterprise communications platform transforms how industries communicate
oracle at mwc24: powering 5g monetization via automation, apis and cloud native networks
smartone selects oracle to transform and adopt cloud-based charging and billing system
creating a foundation to optimize 5g










get started with oracle communications





request a demo


see a live demo of our 5g core, bss/oss solutions, cloud applications, infrastructure, and more.


try a demo







contact us


questions about our solutions? let one of our experts help.


contact an oracle communications expert



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























