





paradigm web design
























skip to content



menu


close
 


 




 




 













search for:









 





menu
 





home
blog
contact
 


add custom text here or remove it
 

search for:








home
blog
contact
button 










your affordable web design connection
whether you’re looking for a business site complete with shopping carts or a site to showcase a birth announcement to family and friends – we’ll custom design a site to fit your needs. whatever your needs are, from complete site design to custom logos and banners, we’re here to help.



for home
if you’ve been looking for a professional web design service you know that most of them are very expensive. we’re the exception! why pay as much as £110 an hour for design services when you can get a quality professional site for so much less?
at  www.titmanfirth.com we know your budget is limited and that’s why we keep our prices low ~ so that expert web design is always within your reach. you can find out just how affordable we are by contacting us.
we never charge you by the hour! instead we charge you only by the number of pages you choose for your site. you’ll pay a little extra for special pages like guest books or forms but you’ll find those charges fair and reasonable. you’ll always find our prices among the lowest available.


for business
at paradigm web design we pride ourselves on the professionalism of the design we create for you.
your website is your storefront on the internet, your cornerstone to online success. how it looks is very important to you. you want it to be inviting and comfortable. you want it to put your business in the spotlight and show it to its best advantage. we understand that and we know how to do it!
we work closely with you throughout the entire design process to ensure that your site is everything you hope it will be. we’ll create a site for you that’s not only visually appealing but one that’s also user friendly. when we’re done you’ll have a site you’ll be proud of!
and of course, your satisfaction is always guaranteed!










 


copyright © 2025 paradigm web design.
 








