





workplace bullying institute – all things workplace bullying














































 







skip to content



toggle navigationa needed lawpodcastabout uscontact ustoggle navigationhelp for bullied workersa needed new lawtrainingfreedom weekfor unionsfor employerswbi research2024 u.s. national surveyadditional wbi studiesexpert witnesstoggle navigationhelp for bullied workerstrainingworkplace bullying university®targets’ action planfreedom weekfor unionsfor employerswbi researchu.s. nat’l surveyaddt’l studiesexpert witnesspodcasta needed lawabout uscontact us
 





homegary namie2025-01-30t18:25:46+00:00 
workplace bullying institute (wbi)
support, education, solutions & advocacy
drs. gary & ruth namie
workplace bullying defined
the wbi definition: workplace bullying is repeated, health-harming mistreatment by one or more employees of an employee: abusive conduct that takes the form of verbal abuse; or behaviors perceived as threatening, intimidating, or humiliating; work sabotage; or in some combination of the above.
it was originally called “mobbing” in sweden by the international pioneer, heinz leymann. the british reporter-turned-advocate andrea adams coined the term workplace bullying. the namies imported the term to the u.s.
abuse at work is the only form of abuse in america that is not yet taboo. all other forms have been condemned – abuse of children, spouses, partners – while bullying at work is still considered a normal, inevitable or even a necessary business practice.
abuse is unconscionable. visit wbi tutorials to learn all about it.

sign up to volunteer here.


how normalized has workplace
bullying become?
statistics from the 2021 wbi u.s. workplace bullying survey
0%of adult americans are bullied at work0million workers affected0of bullying is same-gender bullying0%of remote workers are bulliedwbi services and resources
unrivaled u.s. experience and expertise. over a quarter century of wisdom harnessed to help you.
since 1997, the workplace bullying institute has led the charge with comprehensive, evidence-based, practical solutions for individuals, unions, employers, & lawmakers. the pioneers were drs. ruth and gary namie. it was ruth’s personal experience in a psychiatry clinic with a woman bully boss that launched the u.s. movement.
wbi research
see results of the 2024 wbi u.s. workplace bullying survey. 2024 wbi u.s. workplace bullying survey was funded by gracious donors like you.
the national survey
2024 u.s. workplace bullying survey
major sponsor
david j. holway, president
and wbi does more …
a needed lawworkplace bullying accountability act
everyone agrees: there ought to be a law. the wbaa is the boldest proposed change to u.s …
read more
the workplace bullying podcast, showcases the reality of workplace bullying and abusive…
workplace bullying podcast
freedom week started here at wbi. 
visit the fw page for action ideas.
linda crockett is the catalyst of  
international workplace bullying awareness week
visit the canadian institute of workplace bullying resources
the bully at work: 
what you can do to stop the hurt and
reclaim your dignity on the job
for bullied targets/individuals & their families
buy nowunavailable soon. new book coming spring 2024.
the bully-free workplace:
stop jerks, weasels, and snakes from
killing your organization
for anti-bullying champions in organizations
buy now



 
 
a needed lawcontact ushelp for bullied workers
2024 wbi national survey
for unions
workplace bullying training
expert witness
freedom week
a needed law
podcasts
about us
workplace bullying institute © 2024. wbi is a social purpose corporation.


 
 
page load link

 



















go to top




