







living victorian breast pumps | find the best reviews & mom tips






























skip to content



living victorian mom blog
parenting tips and other resources
menu and widgets




home
categories

financial tips


 










how to choose the right breast pump july 21, 2018 

different types of breast pumps and how to choose the right one
choosing a breast pump could be a daunting task, especially for new mothers. it is not about getting any breast pump presented to you. it’s about getting the best breast pump for you – one that will fulfill the entire aim of getting the pump in the first place. below is a an explanation of the thoughts of lactation experts, nursing mums and other professionals in the field on the available varieties of breast pumps, and how to pick the best and most fitting pump for you. if you want to just skip the article and go straight to the in-depth reviews, i find the the best breast pumps at yourbreastpumpreviews.com.
types of breast pumps
there are three major types of breast pumps made to extract milk from the breast of nursing mothers, and they include the manual breast pump, the electric breast pump and the battery powered breast pumps.
the manual breast pumps are a designed with a lever or handle which could be squeezed with the hand to create a degree of suction on the breast. as the suction extracts the milk from the breast, it drops in a container through a pipe, and this can be poured into the baby’s feeding bottle later. another type of manual breast pump is the one that comes with a hollow rubber ball instead of a lever or handle. this rubber ball is placed on the breast and squeezed physically to extract the milk.
the electric breast pump comes with a small motorized pump equipped with a dial, and it is this dial that controls the degree of suction that happens. it is actually the system that is very easy to use.
the battery powered breast pump is similar to the electric breast pump. it also comes with a motorized pump that takes care of the suction when switched on. this makes it easier than the manual breast pump too.
choosing the best breast pump
so, when you are choosing the breast pump to use, you have to consider the convenience first. of course, the electric and battery systems are more convenient than the manual system because of the hand pumping. you should also look at the number of breasts you want to be extracting milk from at any giving time. would you want to work on the two breasts at the same time, or would you rather do one at any given time? this will determine if you will go for the manual or single pumps. in this angle, it is the electric breast pump that normally comes in form of the double pump. the manual and battery powered versions are almost always single pumps.
when going for the breast pumps, you should also consider how long you will be using the pump, whether you will be using it at home or outside your home, whether there will be a private place for you to do the pumping and the amount of time you will need to do the pumping.
also consider the availability of replacement batteries and electric outlets, the storage space for each one you will be buying, where you will store the milk and how to clean the breast pump. at the long last, you should also look at the budget you have for the pump. it simply informs the one you can afford.







best ways to save money when you become a parent july 21, 2018july 21, 2018 

how to save money when you become a parent
when your baby first comes, you’ll begin to feel that the money is just disappearing from your account. pediatrician, kids’ clothes, medicines, etc., are all costs that come up when you get your first kids. here are some ways that you can begin saving cash.
hospitals will give you lots of baby stuff, but you need to ask for it. apart from the standard fair goods, the doctor tells you about, it’s not uncommon for manufacturers to leave coupons or samples in maternity wards for the fledgling parents. but you must ask for them, as most nurses are probably too busy and might forget.
always try to breastfeed if you can, not only will you give your kids the healthier choice, but you won’t have to pay for costly formula. your hospital might give you breastfeeding advice for free, and if it doesn’t there are certain locations that do, so try to ask around.
as much as you might want to buy clothes your kids will grow into, their growth spurts are too unpredictable for that. even if the clothes are on sale, they might just outgrow them in a week and make that purchase useless. avoid buying shoes as well, they don’t need them and can actually make their first steps harder. only buy booties for when it’s cold outside and you need to be warm.
you’ll receive a lot of gifts at the beginning, and not all of them are going to be good for you. if you have unwanted gifts, return them as soon as possible, before the time limit is up.
don’t buy lots of bottles before your baby is born, your child might just not like them. odds are you’ll just have to get a new one they’ll like more. but the opposite is true for diapers, there is no such thing as buying too much. those bulk diapers in costco will end up saving a lot of money in the long run. apps and financial programs are also available for you and your kids even when they grow up. programs like go henry are great for managing their finances for instance, and can help you curb their eventual spending when they get older.
buying a stroller is pretty much the same as buying a car. test drive them before you make the purchase, and if you don’t like it return it and find a new one.
whenever you visit your pediatrician, he’ll probably have some product samples he can give you for free, and save you some money. you might not even need to see him, as some experienced doctors can diagnose the disease over the phone, and save you the trip and consultation cost. lastly, you’ll need a digital or rectal thermometer which are more accurate than ear thermometers, while also being cheaper.


 






		copyright © 
		2025		. all rights reserved.	
			
		
 








