



flax council of canada - home





































































              lang: [ en / 
              fr / 
              de /
              cn /
              es /
              jp ] 
	
				

















              office hours m-f 9am - 5pm cst




























about us



who we are


directors & staff




about flax


food


livestock


pets


industrial




members


members




agronomy


grower manual


tips booklet




resources


resources


image catalogue
















total
$0.00


view cart
checkout















go

















flax council of canada
the future is flax
the flax council of canada is a national organization which promotes canadian flax and flax products for nutritional and industrial uses in domestic and international markets. established in 1986 with full representation from all agricultural and industrial flax interests, the flax council promotes the advancement of flax and flax products. located in saskatoon, the council operates at the hub of of canadian flax production.
the flax council of canada is your source for supplier and stakeholder information.  we have a great selection of resource material including food guides, field manuals, recipe books and general flax information for download.













canadian flax
flax comes from the blue-flowered plant crop grown mainly in the cool, northern climate of the western canadian prairies. canadian brown flax seed is the favourite choice of consumers. the omega-3 fatty acid and fibre in flax are nutrients that contribute to wellness.














an ancient crop
flax has been grown since the beginnings of civilization, and people all over the world have celebrated its usefulness throughout the ages. cultivated flax, l. usitatissimum, is of two types: one is grown for the seed and the other for fibre production. in north america, it is primarily the oilseed varieties which are produced commercially.

historians weave the magic of flax into ancient history. records show that the human race has eaten this seed since early times.

















flax council of canada



the flax council of canada is a national organization which promotes canadian flax and flax products for nutritional and industrial uses in domestic and international markets.










contact











saskatoon, sk s0k 4s0
canada
    























www.flaxcouncil.ca
















 © flax council of canada all rights reserved.


privacy policy


|


terms & conditions



















































