




   netd - custom aluminum fabrication | custom truck bodies, dump bodies, fenders, toolboxes, boss snowplows, lighting and more.














email: netdi@aol.com






hours: mon-fri 7:00-4:30 and sat 8:00-12:00










new england truck design




						275 leominster rd.
					



						sterling, ma 01564
					



						ph. # 978-422-8870
					





home

truck gallery ↓

dumps
grain / chipper
flatbed
specialty
5th wheel
switch 'n' go
fire
big rig
tailgate


plows
4x4
store
about

















































































































new england truck design™
new england's only complete custom truck shop.
with over 47 years experience in the truck industry designing and building custom trucks for applications from hauling dirt to military applications we have you covered. look at the following pages to view our more standard stuff or feel free to call with any questions you may have. we are also proud to offer rugby truck bodies and the boss snowplows. torwel sanders are available from 1.5 yd to 14yd for everything from pickups to 10 wheel trucks.
we stock protech aluminum toolboxes as well as cabgaurds for the larger trucks. fenders from lifetime as well as protech , wti and minimizer are also available. we build a lot of custom aluminum and stainless steel products for the larger trucks as well such as our own heavy duty deckplates, air/electrical boxes and rear light valances etc. we offer roadworks, double jj products, lighting from trucklite, federal signal, whelen, maxxima, pse etc. we also offer hydraulic systems sales service and installation. please feel free to call or e-mail with any need you have.


road-craft™
bodies and more designed and built here at netd.
our aluminum truck bodies are designed and built to be heavy duty and high quality. we feel that weight savings should not come before longevity. some of the lighter bodies available are made from sheet formed members. formed members are meant to reduce material costs for the manufacturer, unfortunately it also reduces strength. formed sills are more apt to crack at stress locations than extruded structural sills.
all of our bodies are constructed with a heavy walled perimeter angle . this allows deeper welding penetration for the cross members while still controlling distortion. our cross members are i-beams 12" on center. the height of the i-beam is typically 3" or 4" depending on the size of the body. our long sills are also of structural heavy walled channel, mating a hoist to one of our bodies is not a problem.









a fresh shipment of eby bodies now in stock!
excellent aluminum bodies for standard applications.
quality crafted much like our custom bodies.

click the image to visit eby's website.
give us a call for pricing and application information!












grain/chipper bodies
our grain bodies have removable barn doors fully framed and skinned with .190 aluminum sheet. we fabricate our own hinges from 3/4' bar stock and utilize 1" plow pins for pivots. we utilize the stainless bar lock hardware to interlock the two doors together at the top center as well as latching the doors to the body sill at the bottom. barn door hold backs are stainless steel. our side panels are fully framed with 2x3 tube and skinned again with .190 aluminum sheet. the side walls are also removable. our headboard is again fully framed and skinned with .190 aluminum, the headboard has a an optional removable section that lines up with the vehicle rear window to provide full rearward visability for the winter plowing mode.
click here to see the grain/chipper body gallery









dump bodies
all of our dump bodies are built with the same material as a trailer dump. we overbuild our bodies to last a long time not to just be light. light aluminum bodies don't make it in the work environment. all upright aluminum for our headboard and sides is 3/16" 5052 aluminum. our floors and tailgate are plate style with 1/4" or 3/8" for extreme duty applications. our cross members are i-beam on 12" centers, typically 3" on 1 ton bodies and 4" on everything else. our long sills on our dumps are heavy structural channel. our smaller bodies will have a 5" channel longsill with a .497" wall, compare that to the lightweights available. we also have a unique latch system for our tailgates. we developed a linear style cam latch for the tailgate that allows the latch rod running from front to back to travel in a straight line. there is no bell crank or rotating linkage like the conventional style latches. this allows us to keep the toolboxes up much higher than the competition.
click here to see the dump body gallery















flatbed bodies
we build all kinds of aluminum flatbeds. most are heavy duty using plate floors and i-beam cross members.  we use a heavy walled angle for the perimeter frame. the vertical edge at the bottom of the wall allows you top hook a tie down strap to it anywhere around the perimeter. this eliminated the tie rail which usually gets all bent and wavy. our heavy duty bodies have a 3/8" thick perimeter angle you can bounce off trees with. our plate floors are typically 3/16" for a non dumping bodies and 1/4" for dumping bodies. we build a tubular welded headboard in most any configuration you want. some with lights, some with lumber stops, some with fairings, some straight, some angled, you get the picture. our board pockets are milled into the side rail and reinforced inside with a welded in channel. 
click here to see the flatbed body gallery









brush trucks
since 1977 as an employee of wolf coach, kevin lavin has designed and built many custom emergency vehicles such as ambulances, fire trucks, brush trucks and all other types of municiple vehicles. over the years new england truck design has built numerous emergency vehicles with unique bodies and features regarding the customers preferences. we stock many options for emergency lighting as well. all installation and wiring can be done in-house here at the shop. we also do repairs on just about anything.
click here to see the brush truck gallery















switch 'n' go
our aluminum truck bodies are designed and built to be heavy duty and high quality. we feel that weight savings should not come before longevity. some of the lighter bodies available are made from sheet formed members. formed members are meant to reduce material costs for the manufacturer, unfortunately it also reduces strength. formed sills are more apt to crack at stress locations than extruded structural sills.
click here to see the switch 'n' go gallery









custom big rigs
we don't just sell the products, we can install any of them as well. fenders from liftetime, protech, minimizer and wti. fender installations including custom mounts and paint as required for the applications. we install toolboxes and cab guards, we also modify the cab guards on a regular basis adding toolboxes custom chain trays, light mounts etc.
we do all kinds of hydraulic and pump installations, products from parker, commercial, chelsea, del, drum, permco, lha, american mobile power, lights and emergency lighting. products by whelen, federal signal, maxima and trucklite. we have custom switch panels in stock too. we spend a lot of time on our wiring and we want it to last like factory wiring.
we sell and install chrome, polished aluminum and mirror stainless products as well as custom fabricate it here. products from roadworks, west chrome, double jj, valley, and our own custom line road-craft. check out the pictures below for custom lightbars, deckplates from aluminum and stainless, light panels and so on. the pictures are all large format so download them to your computer and zoom in on them for better detail. also check out the link on big rig details below.
click here to see the big rig gallery















5th wheel bodies
we build aluminum 5th wheel bodies in many shapes and sizes. options available like lighted compartments, inverter and generator power systems, hitch installations, power door locks for larger trucks, comfort ride air suspensions, air ride 5th wheels, dually conversions,transfer flow fuel systems.vehicle interior conversions. cb and stereo installations, custom grilles and lights, visors, running boards, tank covers, exhaust brakes, remote transmission and oil coolers, interior consoles, fuse block extensions for additional circuits, drivetrain power modifications, etc.
click here to see the 5th wheel body gallery














boss plows
netd has been a boss snowplow dealer for over 14 years.  we offer the full line of products from boss ranging from the versatile 5' atv plow to the beastly 10' power-v dtx.  we've chosen to remain a boss snowplow dealer simply because of their superior design and functionality relative to their competitors.  due to their intelligent design, boss plows offer a greater ease of use when it comes to installation and repair, without sacrificing performance.
please call us for additional info on pricing and application.



















