

	home - evpaa











































            {1}
            



##loc[ok]##




  







executive vice president/vice president for academic affairsorganization

evp\vpaa biography
evp\vpaa organization chart
evp\vpaa directory

programs

diversity travel assistance program
underrepresented faculty recruitment
endowed chairs
university scholars program
president's award program
university of illinois-city colleges of chicago transfer scholarship
distinguished faculty recruitment program
presidential initiative: expanding the impact of the arts and the humanities
public voices fellowship
humanitarian award
gender inclusive leadership council

resources

accessibility
governance & regulation
higher education organizations
policies and procedures
sabbatical application and guidelines
university of illinois system privacy statement
legal notice and terms of use
supplemental privacy notice - pipl

rnua

contacts & resources
rnua schedule
 guidelines for new employees
 rnua form retention
guidelines for civil service employees
coci policy
coci procedures
disclosures system

initiatives

access 2030
data strategy
mental health
system credentials working group
task group on online strategy

transfer guaranteeap summer institutes




welcome from nicholas p. jones the executive vice president/vice president for academic affairs
whether you are in search of specific information or simply making a general acquaintance with the university of illinois system, welcome to the section of our website devoted to the office of the executive vice president and vice president for academic affairs. our information is organized for accessibility and ease of navigation, but please contact us if we may be of further assistance.
as the system’s chief academic officer, i lead systemwide academic initiatives and collaborate with the chancellors and provosts of the urbana-champaign, chicago, and springfield universities in addressing the academic policy and budgetary issues that are key to the learning experiences of more than 97,000 students.
i also team with president killeen to advocate for the u of i system across the state and the nation by building connections with legislators, funding agencies, and leaders in higher education and industry.
a much shorter job description – i have the honor and privilege to enable and nurture learners from a multitude of backgrounds as they embark upon their academic journey. my journey carried me here to illinois from a small rural town in the middle of the north island of new zealand. and, really, that is the essence of higher education. for many of us, our true path is discovered through a series of explorations and side trips, perhaps a “zig” at key mileposts where we had expected to “zag.” our resumes and curricula vitae serve to document our accomplishments along the way, but most importantly on our personal journeys we learn about ourselves.
my journey began with an undergraduate degree in civil engineering from the university of auckland in new zealand, followed by master’s and doctoral degrees in the same field from the california institute of technology. with increasing levels of responsibility at several stops along the road – including professor and department head of civil and environmental engineering at the university of illinois urbana-champaign – i have found that my current role is incredibly personally meaningful and rewarding.
the wondrous nature of life is that the range of possibilities for us all is dynamic and limitless. the university of illinois system and its three universities provide world-class academic excellence and support to “travelers” as they find their way in this world, take their places in society, and contribute in myriad impactful ways to its betterment.
as we like to say in our office, for our graduates, it’s all in a day’s work!
nick







initiatives





access 2030







data strategy







mental health and wellbeing










system credentials working group







task group on online strategy







initiatives










in the know






reporting units



 

consortium of academic and research libraries in illinois




 

digital risk office




 

enterprise risk management




 

institute of government and public affairs






 

system human resource services




 

university academic programs and services




 

university office for planning and budgeting




 

university of illinois press








executive vice president's office377 henry admin. bldg.
                            506 s. wright st., mc-348 
                            urbana, il 61801
                            (217) 333-3077facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutubemedia inquiries - contact the evp/vice president for academic affairs through external relations and communications.the university of illinois system is the flagship higher education system in the state of illinois.quick linksstudent financial servicespost 9/11 gi billstudent affairsurbana-champaign student affairs chicago student affairs springfield student affairs transcripts/diplomaurbana-champaign transcripts/diplomachicago transcripts/diplomaspringfield transcripts/diplomapopular topicsabout the systemdirectory/a-to-z listemployment opportunitiesfreedom of information act requestsmake a giftnews and media resourcessystem officeslocationsurbana-champaignchicagospringfieldregional campusesonline catalogui healthoffice of the presidentboard of trusteesadditional linksabout cookies © 2025 university of illinois board of trusteesprivacy statement and terms of use
↑






