







spineworks - support for your back

























































  



call01256 377 653
emailsupport@spine-works.com











home
about spineworks
spineworks services
back problems
medico legal
support for your back
contact spineworks





home 





the one stop clinic
come and get seen, scanned and assessed all on  the same day!
more on spineworks one stop clinics










spineworks is a private clinic for the treatment of spine-related pain. let us help you get back on your feet again.
we believe in the team approach. whatever your situation, with spineworks you will receive expert down to earth advice and the highest level of personal care.practising under the umbrella of spineworks our expert team comprises a consultant spinal & orthopaedic surgeon, consultant in pain management, consultant neuro-radiologist and a clinical psychologist.
although we are each highly specialized and practice independently, we work closely together to offer a comprehensive and first-class service. our aim is to treat your neck and back pain quickly and effectively to help improve the quality of your life.
 







meet the team
we are here to help you back to good health.




andrew quaile frcs
andrew offers a wealth of experience, having cared for people with spine problems for over 20 years.








a team of specialists
dealing with spinal disorders including management of your pain and more.









introducing
spineworks
if you'd like to know more about how we work, watch our short video.












upcoming events

there are no events at the moment. please check back later on or contact us at spineworks for more information. 


social


 follow spineworks on twitter 
 connect with spineworks on linkedin 
 share with spineworks on google + 
















medico legal work spineworks undertakes medico legal work for a variety of clients.

more info


more informationpractice audits
satisfaction survey
legal & disclaimers
privacy policy



registered address 7 lindum terrace
lincoln ln2 5rp


copyright © spineworks 2001 – 2024
registered company no: 03920318












open



