













home | st patrick’s pontifical university, maynooth







































































 






 





















































student portal


faculty & staff

staff directory
staff portal







alumni


newsletter


support us












                            find a course
                            
































student portal


faculty & staff

staff directory
staff portal







alumni


newsletter


support us











study with us


study with us


current students




about


faculties & centres


news & events


contact us


international


international


erasmus+


us students







                            support us
                            


















2025 applications now open!
postgraduate & centre for mission & ministries applications for 2025 programmes are now open! 
                                                apply now
                                                














applications made simple
our new applications portal is now live 
                                                how to apply
                                                














explore our undergraduate programmes
check out our bath – theology & arts degree 
 
                                                search course
                                                














postgraduate. research and taught
independence, confidence and insight 
                                                search course
                                                














centre for mission & ministries
the st patrick’s pontifical university centre for mission and ministries, located within the faculty of theology, exists to advance the participation of the irish church in the missio dei for the 21st century.


 
                                                search course
                                                














interested in learning more about the bible, but unsure where to start?
tarsus scripture school, part of the centre for mission & ministries at sppu, is offering a free, six-part video introduction to scripture entitled “opening the bible.” 
                                                find out more
                                                














international & erasmus+
visit our international & erasmus+ pages 
                                                more
                                                


























undergraduate




                                    programmes in theology and philosophy. we are looking forward to seeing you. there is much to enjoy in the maynooth experience.
                                


read more






postgraduate




                                    study at postgraduate level is about independence, confidence and insight. it brings a person to a new place!
                                


read more






centre for mission & ministries 




                                    continue your education while getting on with your life. the pontifical university offers a range of part-time and evening programmes...
                                


read more 










reasons to choose st patrick’s pontifical university







the student experience





international recognition





dedicated & helpful lecturers





modern facilities





research





opportunities to study abroad





mission





graduate attributes





choose your course









alumni feedback why i chose st patrick’s



explore all students' stories















 









one of my favourite aspects of st patrick’s is how helpful the staff are. i also like how the smaller lectures allow you to establish friends while also getting to know the professors, which you may not be able to do at larger universities. 



caoimhe sweeney, theology & gaeilge student 















 









the mth expanded my learning by exploring the bible from new perspectives. it showed me how relevant theology is to all aspects of life.



arnold hensman
mth graduate















 









your theology studies have the potential to shape both who you are and what you do, just as it did with me.



alan burke
head of mission & hospital management team, bons secours group















  









being a student at st patrick’s pontifical university, maynooth gives you a sense of purpose, belonging and direction.



sinéad hussey
rté broadcaster















  






														bath 2007, mth 2010 


​st patrick’s pontifical university, maynooth is an institution which can provide an environment where people belong, grow and develop.



ger brennan
gaa development executive at university college dublin


























events our events




                                            read all events
                                        









 




fri feb 21st, 2025


irish biblical association annual conference & agm






                                                    continue reading
                                                








 




thu feb 20th, 2025


​prière à notre dame - ​schola gregoriana maynooth lunchtime concert - 20th february






                                                    continue reading
                                                








 




tue mar 11th, 2025


annual trócaire lecture 2025: “a politics of hope and catholic social teaching as a guiding light”






                                                    continue reading
                                                














news our news




                                            read all news
                                        









 




thu feb 13th, 2025


2025 calls are open for government of ireland international education scholarship programme






                                                    continue reading
                                                








 




fri feb 7th, 2025


rev dr neil xavier o'donoghue to give talk to boston college on early christian ireland






                                                    continue reading
                                                








 




thu feb 6th, 2025


fr. neil xavier o’donoghue travels to jamaica to participate in the ordination rite of fr. bartlomiej ‘bartek’ kleczynski, recent st patrick's graduate






                                                    continue reading
                                                















follow us
social media





























if you live outside ireland, check out our dedicated area for international students.








let’s talk

for undergraduate queries: email admissions@spcm.ie.
for postgraduate queries: email  pgadmissions@spcm.ie.
for the centre for mission & ministries queries, email: cmmadmissions@spcm.ie.






















                                    st patrick’s pontifical university, maynooth, co. kildare, w23 tw77
                                







                                    general@spcm.ie
                                





                                vat reg 0064962v
                                charity number chy41
                                cra number 20000066
                            






information for




prospective students


alumni


current students


partners


visit us


accommodation


national science and ecclesiology museum maynooth


college chapel (opening hours)






resources




explore our programmes


fees & funding


moodle


library


publications


kalendarium


newsletter


fuce newsletter


parking


archives


quality assurance






our partners




















































type your email here...






 



                subscribe to our newsletter
                








 




                ©copyright © 2025 st patrick’s pontifical university, maynooth. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | cookies


















