













robin a. sykes, md, pa | the art of rejuvenation
































 call today for a consultation 561-746-9400
 


facebook


  
 
 










home
our practice
procedures

non surgical procedures


events & news
gallery

facial fillers
videos


patient reviews
new patient forms
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 














non surgical facial rejuvenation
read more










monthly specials
come back often to see the latest specials
read more



latest news
for all our latest products and procedures to turn back the hands of time.
read more








meet dr. robin sykes




robin a. sykes, m.d. is a fully trained, board certified plastic surgeon. she received her undergraduate degree in biology from wells college, medical degree from johns hopkins university school of medicine and surgical training at the university of miami and the university of kansas.


read more




what our clients say


“it is a wonderful feeling to go in for surgery and come out looking like you but 15 years younger! it is also terrific that my friends look at me and stare knowing something is different but it is so natural that they aren’t sure what to say until i tell them…and they are absolutely amazed. dr. sykes is an extremely talented surgeon with a terrific eye for sculpturing the human body from head to toe!” 

“dr. sykes is very professional and has a staff that is very supportive to your need and choices. i liked the fact that i was not rushed to get in and out, and dr. sykes took all the time i needed to discuss the procedure i am considering.”

“i felt like dr. sykes had time for me. she didn’t rush thru my consultation.”


read more








this practice is devoted to you, the patient. our mission is to help you achieve your aesthetic goals, using the best available technologies, techniques, and products.
we want you to be educated. we make special efforts to answer all your questions and concerns. every patient is unique, and we try to find answers for you that fit your circumstances. consultations are problem-based and several solutions may be available to you. as a fully-trained plastic surgeon, dr. robin sykes can offer you many options. we believe an informed patient is best equipped to make these decisions.

call us today! 561-746-9400
contact us








robin a. sykes, md, paformerly jupiter plastic surgery
561-746-9400
2055 military trail, suite 305jupiter, fl 33458





latest news




we’ve moved!

sep 12, 2024 | newsrobin  a. sykes, md, has closed her general plastic surgery practice (jupiter plastic surgery center) as of august 31, 2024. that means she will no longer perform plastic and reconstructive...
read more


 

read more news




schedule your consultation today













name


email address


interested in:




submit









disclaimer: *individual results from procedures cannot be guaranteed, and may vary between patients



 








© 2025 robin a. sykes, md, pa - formerly jupiter plastic surgery | privacy policy  | disclaimer   | site map  |  managed by jones & jones advertising, inc.
 

 
 
 






















