







prestage farms | quality turkey & pork














































































































              home
            

              our story
            

              products & services
            

              our team
            

              contact
            



              pork
            

              turkey
            

        fb
      

        ig
      




















































homeour storyproducts & servicesour teamcontact











porkturkeyfbig









scroll








family-owned, industry-leading, and dedicated to continuing our legacy of integrity and innovation in pork and turkey productionour story




































a tradition of stewardshipas our blue-sky and green-grass logo symbolizes, we are deeply committed to treating the  environment, our animals, our team, and our communities with respect and care. this  stewardship mindset has guided us from the start and pushes us to be even more sustainable  today.




    our commitment
  

 






superior products, responsibly producedour products are always top quality and consistent, thanks to our proven production practices and our caring, experienced team. sold to customers under our prestage farms and prestage foods brands, and to other processors for their brands, our turkey and pork is wholesome, nutritious, and delicious food you can feel good about.




    our products & services
  

 














 

learn about our premium turkey and pork products.visit prestage foods











our best care management practices ensure quality at every stage.pork production



from hatching to harvest, our birds are raised with skill and compassion.turkey production








our high standards and dedication to exceptional quality drive everything we do.

 




 

a shared purposea commitment to excellence binds together our team of employees, growers, and members of the prestage family itself. we believe that by doing our jobs well, we do right by each other, our customers and consumers, and the animals and land under our care.




    meet our team
  

 














   

supporting our local farmers by buying their locally produced grain.sell your grain














testimonials
















my favorite thing about working with prestage is being able to work with  good people who are willing to teach you everything they know and guide  you so you can excel in your career.






jake registerassistant hatchery manager

















i had worked six years with two other companies.  i felt i wasn't given the opportunity to move the direction of my goals, so i came to texhoma and been here since.






gene chaveznursery/finishing production manager

















from the truckers who deliver weaned pigs to iowa to the service guys, loads crews, office personal, and livestock haulers here in iowa, everyone makes  the job easier and enjoyable.






chris bellcockmarketing manager













join our team








from our family to yours, thank you for trusting us.- the prestage family

 









home - banner



home - about



home - about 2



home - prestage foods



home gallery



home - truck



home - turkey



home - grain



home - testimonials



home - family










prestage farms is a proud member of:









































prestage farms


our story   |  
our products   |  
our team   |  
contact us   |  
terms & conditions   |  
privacy policy





transparency in coverage mrfweb by chair 8











