










amba - american malting barley association


































































milwaukee, wisconsin







info@ambainc.org







join
about
home
























better barley

amba research
varieties
resources



membership


industry leadership

crop reports
agricultural policy
sustainability
biotechnology



news & events

news
meetings
events



advocacy


contact 










members login






















our membersare passionateabout barley
our work supports a high quality and sustainable supply of malting barley for various end-users.

learn more













advocatingfor barley 
the national barley improvement committee, representing the entire u.s. barley community, advocates for funding and favorable agricultural policies at the federal level.

learn more













barleyresearch 
each year, nearly half of our member dues are redirected towards research programs throughout the country focused on barley improvement.

learn more













your membershipfunds betterbarley
amba membership directly supports the strengthening and resilience of the barley supply chain.

learn more













recommendedvarieties   
the amba recommended variety list has long been the industry voice in variety selection.

learn more






























barley researchand development












industryleadership











advocacy andag policy
















about amba







the leader in research, improvement, and development of malting barley

supporting the malting barley industry since 1982






currently supporting 20+ unique research projects







evaluating 30+ new malting barley varieties in the development pipeline







lobbying for unique federal initiatives directly supporting malting barley research



discover more





























$
00
m

investment
in the last 20 years through our amba research grant program





00
+

new experimental barley varieties
tested each year through our quality evaluation program





00
+

members
malting, brewing, and distilling members leveraging a unified industry voice















supported by 50+member companies


























advocacy







national barley improvement committee

the national barley improvement committee (nbic) represents the u.s. barley community of growers, researchers, processors, users, and allied industries. the work of the nbic seeks to secure both funding and favorable agricultural policies at the federal level. 
each spring, the nbic travels to washington d.c. to lobby on behalf of the malting barley industry and its various end-users advocating for:




targeted barley research initiatives




support for our land grant institutions






usda agencies supporting barley




initiatives that support our allied industries





learn more















members







amba plays a critical role in the u.s. barley community




















brown forman's membership to amba has increased our awareness, understanding, and stewardship of retaining quality malt varieties for our industry for years to come.

leonard lee
strategic global sourcing
brown forman















amba provides a valuable platform for us to communicate end-users’ needs to barley breeders in a coordinated and efficient manner so that advanced barley variety development in the public sector is supported, evaluated, and commercialized most effectively. this leverages collective efforts among available resources across the entire membership.

xiang yin
vice presidentcorporate quality and innovation
rahr corporation















amba has been key to developing and connecting our breeding program to the malt supply chain in the eastern u.s. their malting evaluation programs have been essential to getting our new varieties into the hands of growers, maltsters, and brewers. we are grateful for their support!

nicholas santantonio
barley researcher
virginia tech















proximity malt appreciates amba's role over many decades in advocating for the sustainability of malting barley for the industry at large - maintaining acres, vetting varieties, defining research, and seeking funding. we, and our customers, benefit from the consistent messaging, data, and strategic thinking that amba leadership provides.

amy germershausen
sales and marketing
proximity malt















beyond financial support for our breeding research, amba helps keep me connected to our industry stakeholders.

dr. kevin smith
barley researcher
university of minnesota















amba and bmbri have a strong, collaborative relationship that spans decades. both organizations tackle many of the same challenges and by sharing information, and developing and aligning strategic initiatives, we benefit the malting and brewing industry on both sides of the border.

gina feist
executive director
brewing and malting barley research institute















amba keeps deschutes in the know on all things barley and in touch with those who know barley!

scott birdwell
manager of brewing operations
deschutes brewery















our passion is malt. we strive to buy the best barley varieties, grown on the most sustainable local farms, and malted by highly skilled local malthouses. we joined amba to be part of the leading voice best positioned to drive change in u.s. barley and malting.

jason parker
co-founder/president
copperworks distilling co.















the national barley improvement committee is a great, positive force for the barley industry combining producers, researchers, and industry end users to advocate for the industry. a winning combination.

buzz mattelin
montana barley grower














































































































































































































































































recent posts







latest news & events








news











 02/18/2025                                            
                                        


riverbend malt house rejoins amba as associate member

read more 










news











 02/10/2025                                            
                                        


pinthouse joins amba

read more 










news











 02/06/2025                                            
                                        


barley pest initiative annual report released highlighting four years of progress

read more 










news











 02/05/2025                                            
                                        


barley groups sign letters of support for crop insurance and federal agricultural appropriations

read more 










event











 04/09/2025 - 04/11/2025                                            
                                        


bacterial leaf streak research initiative conference

read more 





view more














upcoming event!
24th north american barley researchers workshop



more info


















the american malting barley association advances a resilient supply of quality malting barley by unifying stakeholders to leverage  innovative research, development, and advocacy efforts.





subscribe
subscribe to our newsletter to get our 
                                    latest updates & news.

subscribe




contact






info@ambainc.org







milwaukee, wisconsin















© all copyright 2024 by amba. website design by pluscode























info@ambainc.org



(414) 272-4640

















search here





































