


















novoprint usa | quality interactive maps & community publications
















































































home


products


interactive publications


print publications




client space


make a payment


upload documents




resources


digital magazine library


digital maps library










home
products

interactive publications
print publications


client space

make a payment
upload documents


resources

digital magazine library
digital maps library




contact us
















we're
novoprint
we help communities connect, elevate, and thrive 
							lets talk 
							
 



we tell 
stories 
							and we love to do it through high quality print publications 
							lets talk 
							
 



local is 
best 
							love where you live, join the movement! 
							get in touch 
							
 






















worka publishing company centered around community:
embracing vision, product, and people.at our core, we believe in the power of community. our portfolio showcases the essence of our commitment. explore our latest projects below and immerse yourself in craftsmanship infused with passion for every detail.


show allmockup

west allismockup

west allis 22mockup

ozaukeemockup

greecemockup

elizabethmockup

berkleymockupworkservicesover 30 years of experienceour team is highly experienced in working with chambers of commerce and dmos – some have even been chamber executives in the past! we understand the delicate balance in meeting your members’ needs while simultaneously promoting your organization.








turnkey publishingwe work with you to create a standout publication with our all-in-one turnkey publishing service. from sales and design to printing and distribution, we’ve got you coveredproject managementcollaborate with us to elevate your in-house publication! we specialize in boosting advertising sales, securing the best print pricing, and fine-tuning your messaging for maximum impact. advertising salesunlock unparalleled sales success with our industry-leading sales team! allow us to craft a dynamic sales strategy that not only maximizes your advertising sales but also skyrockets your revenue.award-winning designdistinguish your publication with our unique award-winning design, showcasing unparalleled excellence that captivates readers and sets your content apart in a crowded market.












cartographyempower your members with our renowned print and digital cartography. ensure visibility, drive engagement, and put your community firmly on the map!













distributionmaximize your market impact! our tailored distribution strategy identifies your audience, meets demands, and optimizes logistics, channels, and research for unparalleled success.let’s talk about your projectservicesteamall-star team.we love what we do, and you will, too.


denisart direction

dorotheeadministration

jessicaproduction

yvonnedirection

ariannadesignteam











contact


get connected.





let’s talk about your projecttogether we can show everyone just how special your community is!call: +1 414-732-2053info@novoprint.comcontact







print & design terms 

dpi: “dots per inch” refers to the number of points of ink or “dots”…
 
ppi: “ppi” stands for “points/pixels per inch and is the measurement of the quality of an image. 300ppi is the ideal resolution for print images to appear the best. 72ppi is the ideal resolution for images 
 
item:
 
item:

×enable javascript 
chrome (google)

open a new browser tab
click “chrome” in the menu bar at the top of the screen
select “preferences”
click “show advanced settings…” at the bottom of the “preferences” tab
click the “content settings…” button under the “privacy” header
under the javascript header, make sure that “allow all sites to run javascript (recommended)” is checked
click the “done” button
close the “preferences” tab
refresh the library window by clicking the circular arrow at the left end of the url bar

 
edge (microsoft)
instructions coming soon
 
firefox (mozilla)

open a new browser window
type “about:config” in the url bar
click the “i accept the risk” button
find “javascript.enabled” in the list and double click it (the status in the “value” column will switch from “false” to “true”
close the “about:config” window
refresh the library window by clicking the circular arrow at the right end of the url bar

internet explorer (microsoft)
instructions coming soon
 
opera
instructions coming soon
 
safari

click “safari” in the menu bar at the top of the screen
select “preferences”
in the “advanced” tab (picture of a gear) of the “preferences” window, make sure that “show develop menu in menu bar” is checked (at the bottom of the window)
close the “preferences” window
click “develop” in the menu bar at the top of the screen
make sure that “disable javascript” is not checked
refresh the library window by clicking the circular arrow at the right end of the url bar

×

 
















































