



html5 animation software with amazing effects





















home
products
download
purchase
support
news










html5 animation software with amazing effects



 




create high impact web sites and animations
export as mobile-friendly html5, gif, avi/mp4
customize image and text effects
add your animation to a wordpress page


learn more about our animation software
download our software for free
buy our low cost software

 



 

 




 

many uses

animated banners
html ads
interactive logos
games and puzzles
cartoons
simulations and elearning applications
general interactive web content

animation features



rich web animation
both koolmoves and koolshow can be used to create interactive html5 animations and games for the web. you can select from a large library of effects, fill shapes with color gradients or images, and add actions to buttons and frames.

video on creating animation shown above



import capabilities
import from a rich set of graphic and video formats. svg vector clipart which is widely available on the internet is easily imported including gradients. the clipart can be edited using the extensive drawing tools available.
					

video on adding objects to the stage



swf to html5
many web designers seek solutions for converting their legacy flash animations into mobile-friendly alternatives. the software supports conversion of flash to html5 (except for action script) and conversion to animated gif (or avi/mp4).
					

tutorial on converting swf to html5


 


animation scripting
the software has a powerful environment for scripting the html5 animation in javascript and createjs. in addition, there are libaries of examples and many createjs demos online.
					

overview of scripting environment



animation framework
there are two modes for creating html5 animations, key frame-based animation with morphing and page-based with jquery widgets. most of the html5 export is built on top of createjs, a suite of javascript libraries providing interactive content.
					

slide show on key frames and timeline



export capabilities
animations can be exported as html5, animated gif, avi/mp4, svg, png with transparent background, and swf (koolmoves only). in addition, the software exports as mobile apps using phonegap.

video on exporting as html5


 


drawing tools
a rich set of drawing and manipulation tools is provided. points defining shapes can be moved, added, and deleted. transforms (scale, rotate, slant, etc.) can be applied to selected shapes or points.

video on drawing and filling shapes



shape morphing
all you do is put together something like a cartoon strip, adding canvas elements to each key frame. the software automatically morphs the elements in between each of your key frames to create smooth animated motion.
					

slide show on shape morphing



text/image effects
you can apply effects and filters to a broad range of stage elements: 1) by selecting from javascript and css libraries of customizable effects and filters, 2) by using ease in/out, or 3) by scripting your own effects in javascript and createjs.
					

article on applying effects and filters


 


motion paths
motion paths (linear or curved) can be applied to stage elements to define paths between gaps in the timeline. in addition, properties like position, transparency, scaling, and rotation can be animated using javascript.

overview of motion paths



sprite sheets
the motion of sprite sheets, a series of images (sprites) comprising a larger image, can be animated using motion paths (with the option to auto orient the sprite to the curvature of the path) as well as through custom javascript.

tutorial on sprite sheet animation



slide shows
two ways are provided to create html5 slide shows -- a simple javascript-based slide show and open source jssor-slider with a multitude of transition options.

tutorial on creating a jssor slide show


 


responsive design
html5 animation exports are compatible with responsive web design. an export option for embedding an animation on a wordpress page using an iframe is also provided.

tutorial on adding animation to a wordpress page



physics engine
createjs-created objects can be animated using box2dweb's javascript physics engine to account for gravity, collisions, and the friction, density, and bounciness of objects.

video on using box2dweb to animate a sprite sheet



chroma key
koolmoves supports chroma key (flash only export at this time) which lets you make a color in a video transparent.
					

tutorial on applying chroma key to a video


 
 
 
 

see our products page for more information.

 



					   
					
					   
					
					   
					
					   
					

 
 
 


home
purchase
download
products
testimonials
gallery
support
what's new
about us
privacy policy

 
 





gallery
testimonials
company
privacy
links


copyright © 2000-2022 lucky monkey designs llc



copyright © 2000-2022 lucky monkey designs llc



