











fotw




























 







toggle navigation






home
services
about
boost service
blog
privacy policy
contact








fotw social media marketing agency 
a one stop solution for your social media needs. starting from account creation to account promotion we provide all kinds of services.


view features


download now







launch your businesswe create brand & personal social media profiles. profiles are created after thorough research of the brand/client persona.
optimized contentrecent content is optimized and more content is scheduled for posting. content is curated based on the account needs.
promoting engagementuser engagement in posts will be promoted and replies to all posts will be given.
advertisingadvertising campaign will be created to get more people to visit the profile and interact.
brand cleanupa cleanup of all social media accounts will be done. older irrelevant/bad posts will be deleted or replaced with better content.
sales promotionadvertising campaign will be created to get more people to visit client site and make purchases/subscriptions.
 






 about how all of us got together to become industry leaders 

fotw is the industry leader in social media marketing niche. started by 4 friends (originally offering instagram likes) it has grown to a team of 16+ now. the team comprises of a mix of experienced as well as young individuals. experiences brings great strategies on table and the young guys get a new and fresh ideas to try out. fotw services are both safe to use and a mix of proven and new but tested strategies to get you the desired result much faster.
fotw contributes to the industry through various social media marketing and management tools also through sharing strategies will other marketers through conferences and meetups.








our clients



 







testimonials

first and foremost these guys are really professional. project got completed on time with beyond expectation results.
carrie fischer, ceo – callum decoratorsteam fotw is just awesome. the social accounts look great and so is the content posted and scheduled. thanks for the extras guys.
darcy short, captain – serendipitousthe social accounts were beautifully setup to showcase our work. couldn't have hoped for anything better. 
cameron bancroft, clakson & co. painters 









 boost service a package service to boost your social media accounts. 

boost service is an amalgamation of all our individual services and much more. if you loved the instagram likes and followers from our sponsors buzzoid, this is a lot, lot better!



creationsocial media accounts will be created and curated to match the brand/person. existing account will be modified as per requirements.
developmentkeywords, demographics, content type etc. will be researched. content will be created to be posted from the accounts. 
marketingmarketing campaigns and strategies will be developed based on the research done in the development phase. campaign will be tweaked after inputs from clients and split testing.
 



 


request service click below to request a service. we will get back to you with the necessary details to process your order. 

contact 







 the need for social media marketing why has social media marketing become such a necessary marketing strategy 

social media is the building block behind taking your digital marketing game to the next level. millennials spend around 5.4 hours per day life surfing through various social media websites.
if you’re losing out customers because you’re still stuck with using traditional means of advertisement, it’s time you consider promoting your business in social media.
now, addressing the topic at hand, let’s discuss why businesses need social media marketing to prosper.
reasons behind the success of businesses using social media marketing!
there are several reasons which cater to businesses prospering as a result of virtual marketing agencies. however, the primary reasons that stand out are as follows:

brand name gets highlighted 

social media marketing is all about promoting the client’s business in various social media to make it popular. with the implementation of smart marketing policies, brands can effectively communicate with their customers directly in a secure online forum.
moreover, social media marketing directly opens up the gates for prospective businesses to study their competition and devise policies accordingly. this makes it easier for brands to create an online presence.

much more cost-effective

without a doubt, social media marketing is easier on the pockets. therefore, businessmen can focus on improving their products and services without having to pour extra money into advertising agencies.
besides using social media is less messy as online platforms are transparent. with enough insight to how the client’s competitors work, social media also enables businesses to find their target audience easily.
thus, with the implementation of smart policies, social media marketing saves both time and money.

promotes brand loyalty!

the specialty of social media marketing is that it can build up loyal customers. picture this, an agency using instagram, hosts periodical giveaways and generates shoutouts featuring loyal customers in their feed.
as a result they become more approachable to potential customers. you see, consumers on social media prefer checking out reviews or testimonials. so, when they witness fellow customers giving positive statements about a brand, it automatically stands loyal in their eyes.

increase traffic rates with contents!

a major way for social media marketing is through contents. people like to stay informed about the type of products or services they desire. hence, what better way to accomplish it other than generating quality contents for your website.
however, it’s tricky, contents can’t sound bland. therefore, choose any reputed content writing agency to write unique blogs and articles for your website which will make customers want to click.
posting these contents to social media can intrigue followers to read them thereby increasing traffic to your website. remember, good click worthy contents can transform your readers into customers.
now, other conditions like better seo rankings or more customer satisfaction also cater to why businesses should consider switching over to social media marketing.
moving forward, many businesses still have a list of unanswered questions regarding social media marketing. therefore let’s review the questions and unveil the answers to give you a clearer insight to online marketing.
common questions regarding social media marketing unveiled.

 how to find the right content for your target audience?
a content writing agency can help you in this case. they can offer you informative and effectual content that you can post on your website.

many a time, users only follow a brand on social networks and refrain from visiting their website. when you post a content in your social media, you will invite your followers to your websites.
this can aid in turning your followers and readers into customers thereby expanding your business.

 how to get customers to stay loyal to your brand?
as you know customers are visual and they love freebies. so promote your brand and gather customers simultaneously with these simple pointers-


host shoutouts
discounts and sales
feature existing faithful customers in your feed
collaborate with a popular celebrities
take screenshot of their feedback and feature them on your feed.


 is it absolutely essential to market over social media? 

well, it’s not mandatory and it’s completely your personal choice. however, social media is where most of today’s generation spends their time.
therefore, businesses naturally benefit more when availing a platform that enables them to connect with their potential customers on a wider platform.
besides, marketing over social media makes businesses more upfront and lets customers connect to brand on a more persona level. thus, a chance of a profitable business venture is naturally more over social media.

 what should i post to make my content stand out?
the best thing to do is keeping a track of the ongoing virtual marketing trends. however, it’s best you take the help of a virtual media marketing agency for guidelines and strategies.

but, what you can do is post relevant pictures of your brand, its staff, success stories and popular products. moreover, don’t stay monotonous, check out ideas and themes online for further information.
video contents get the most engagement and in 2016 around 43% users wanted to see this type of media. so, making videos with high-quality content can aid in more user engagement and increase more followers.

 how often should i post for best results?
a question that has been circulating the web media for a while, according to a research –
twitter – not more than 3 times a day
facebook – the hub of all social activities hence post 2 times with extremely catchy captions.
linkedin – 1 time a day and a minimum of 20 posts a month.
pinterest – millennials stay glued to pinterest so you can pin from 5 to 10 pins per day.
instagram – 1.5 times per day, but use relevant hashtags.
google+ – 3 or more times per day, more post leads to more activity.
 what is the best time to post on social media websites?

according to studies conducted, early morning hours or late nights are associated with posts getting the most clicks.
now that you have a clearer concept to online marketing, the takeaway point from this article is-
“your business won’t exist online without the support of social media marketing”- unknown
moreover, it’s fun to interact with your customers and much more engaging to participate in. not only is it cheap but you can take your business to fame overnight using strategic planning.
so, why wait, try your luck at social media marketing and contact a reliable agency to chalk out your business game plan today.








projects


                                    account creation                    



                                                    content curation                    



                                                    advertising                    



                                                    brand cleanup                    



                                
                                    boost service                    











our team



colin munroproject managerkelly bronsongraphic designerkent clarksenior programmer 






from our blog











2023 strategies to increase instagram views

september 4, 2023


to achieve your marketing goals via instagram, you need to attract lots of people to view your content and make…











unmatched strategies to increase ig likes in 2023

september 4, 2023


when attempting to gain popularity on instagram, having more likes will prove to be incredibly helpful. the only issue is…











most effective 2023 strategies to increase ig followers

september 4, 2023


instagram’s recent data reveals more than 2 billion users accessing their accounts every month. as one of the most popular…






read the blog → 




 


newsletter subscribe to our newsletter to stay updated with our offers and our limited seats services. 











 







 contact use the form below to let us know your thoughts. 

contact info 
 +1 620 891 0014				 
 colin@fotw.net				 
 2686 preston streetparsons, ks 67357united states				 




  
 



 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 


δ












 


with assistance from our partners, we study social media and develop helpful guides.

© 2023 all rights reserved.
                                                            




















