






home - mcintosh search, inc.
















































toggle navigation






 

                mcintosh search, inc.              

                client-focused recruiting with integrity and results.              






















home
what we do
mission
recent posts
  
 

 







information technology executive staffing
it contract/consulting
application development & software solutions
cyber & it security
risk & compliance
finance/accounting 
professional engineering







          mcintosh search, inc. is proudly veteran owned.  as a service disabled veteran owned small business (sdvosb), we have a unique perspective on the opportunities and challenges facing returning servicemen. we are committed to assisting veterans in finding employment opportunities, vocational training, and services to more easily return to the civilian work place. our desire is to help communities and businesses harness the enormous capabilities of these men and women. mcintosh search and its employees support and are actively involved in a number of veteran support organizations.
        





          we solve client problems by efficiently and dramatically accelerating the selection and acquisition of talent. our focus is to deliver immediate and persistent results by placing uniquely qualified professionals, whose tenure affects greater impact. our  belief is that inefficient and ill-focused recruiting is expensive and taints the target applicant pool. another related consequence of poor recruiting is high turnover which dramatically reduces organizational production, profitability and morale. our distinct value is that we deliver on our promise to sell your vision in such a way that you hire the best and derive benefit through their sustained contributions.
        




previous



next


specialtiesveteran/sdvosbimpact













mcintosh search, inc. is proudly veteran owned.  as a service disabled veteran owned small business (sdvosb), we have a unique perspective on the opportunities and challenges facing returning servicemen. we are committed to assisting veterans find employment opportunities, vocational training, and services to more easily return to the civilian work place. our desire is to help communities and businesses harness the enormous capabilities of these men and women. mcintosh search and its employees support and are actively involved in a number of veteran support organizations.
 




 




 






















214.521.2900 | 817.886.2254 | 888.379.0365 | info@mcintoshsearch.com  | submit resume
9203 esplanade dr, dallas, tx 75220













