









home - katherine paterson












































skip to content



 katherine paterson






























buy books »



☰
about

biography
awards
press
faqs


books

award winners
essays / collections / collaborations
holiday gift books
picture books
young readers


movies & plays

bridge to terabithia
the great gilly hopkins
lyddie
jacob have i loved
plays


videos
 










welcome toterabithiahome to the beloved novel and inspiration for the award-winning film “bridge to terabithia.”explore terabithia »



 


looking for a book?

by genre
all genres
award winners
essays/collections/collaborations
holiday/gift books
picture books
young readers


by title
all titles
a midnight clear: stories for the christmas season a sense of wonder a stubborn sweetness and other stories for the christmas season angels & other strangers birdie’s bargain blueberries for the queen bread and roses, too bridge to terabithia brother sun, sister moon celia and the sweet, sweet water come sing, jimmy jo consider the lilies flip-flop girl gates of excellence images of god jacob have i loved jip: his story lyddie marvin one too many marvin’s best christmas present ever my brigadista year of nightingales that weep park’s quest parzival: the quest of the grail knight preacher’s boy rebels of the heavenly kingdom stories of my life the angel and the donkey the day of the pelican the field of the dogs the flint heart the great gilly hopkins the invisible child the king’s equal the light of the world: the life of jesus for children the master puppeteer the night of his birth the same stuff as stars the sign of the chrysanthemum the smallest cow in the world the spying heart the tale of the mandarin ducks the tongue-cut sparrow the wide-awake princess totally middle school who am i? 




  about katherine katherine paterson is the author of more than 40 books, including 18 novels for children and young people. she has twice won the newbery medal, for bridge to terabithia in 1978 and jacob have i loved in 1981. the master puppeteer won the national book award in 1977 and the great gilly hopkins won the national book award in 1979 and was also a newbery honor book. for the body of her work she received the hans christian andersen award in 1998, the astrid lindgren memorial award in 2006, and in 2000 was named a living legend by the library of congress. read more »      


"reading can be a road to freedom or a key to a secret garden, which, if tended, will transform all of life."

katherine paterson



 latest release
 
  
birdie's bargain

birdie has questions for god. for starters, why couldn’t god roll history back to september 10, 2001, and fix things—so the next day was an ordinary sunny day and not the devastating lead-in to two wars? daddy has already been to iraq twice. now he’s going again, and birdie is sure he’ll die. at the very least, she won’t see him again for a year, and everything will not be ok. (why do grown-ups lie?) ...  
														learn more »
													 
														buy book »
													   




discover books by katherine
                              

see all books »





see all videos »






thank you for visiting terabithia!
keep up with katherine and pixie on social media and through our newsletter:
































about
awards
press
faqs
books
movies & plays
videos
inquiries
 





					©2025 katherine paterson.
all rights reserved.
 | 

					website design & development by thrive creative group

commissions may be earned for qualifying purchases made through affiliate links on this site.

















