

















minnesota's largest lgbtq+ advocacy organization | outfront minnesota







      skip to main content
    





helpline:800-800-0350
take action donate







menu


anti-violence


policy & organizing


educational equity


trainings


take action


donate




secondary nav


about us


news & stories


events


accessibility




helpline: 800-800-0350




menu



search


search

















quick exit











 





        minnesota's largest lgbtq+ advocacy organization


you can help
























 




help is available




outfront minnesota assists with incidents of anti-lgbtq+ bias/hate violence, relationship abuse, and sexual assault. we provide crisis intervention services, confidential crisis counseling, and other advocacy services for lgbtq+ victims/survivors of violence and harassment.
if you would like to speak with a trained lgbtq+ advocate at outfront minnesota, who can connect you to resources or talk through options regarding your current situation, please call our helpline at 800.800.0350 or email avp@outfront.org.

learn more







 




forward, together.




our communities have a long history of resilience in the face of hostility; and outfront minnesota will work to uphold hard-fought protections here at home. our anti-violence program is serving hundreds of clients each year, educational equity works with hundreds of students and teachers to create welcoming schools, and policy & organizing reaches out to communities across the state. 
outfront minnesota is rising to meet today's challenges. the need is great and the time is now to support this work.

donate







 




community guide




outfront minnesota is working to respond to the numerous executive orders coming from washington, d.c.—including those targeting the lgbtq+ community.
in this rapidly moving landscape; the linked document below represents our best understanding and guidance as of january 28, 2025. please continue to follow our website, emails and newsletters, and social media for the most up-to-date guidance documents.

read and share











our mission is to build power within minnesota’s 2slgbtqia+ communities and address inequities through intersectional organizing, advocacy, education, and direct support services.
we envision a safe and equitable world where all members of our communities are free to lead lives of opportunity, autonomy, and full self-expression.
learn more














footer


organization directory a-z


resources a-z


media


contact us




social links


facebook


instagram










anti-violence


policy & organizing


educational equity


trainings


take action


donate











