

war and gender










description
table of contents
preface
read chapter one
references (searchable)
other books on this topic


war and gender:
how gender shapes the war system and vice versa
by joshua s. goldstein
   (cambridge university press, 2001)

  book of the decade award (2000-2009), international studies association

"war and gender is a fascinating book about an important
issue. i thoroughly recommend it to everyone who has an
interest in why we humans behave the way we do."
-- jane goodall (the jane goodall institute)

"what a marvelous book!  readers will be captured by
goldstein's clear, trenchant writing style, remarkable
interdisciplinary breadth, and the wealth of fascinating new
details and ideas on every page.  some of his conclusions will
undoubtedly be controversial.  so much the better.  this is
definitely a 'must read' book."
-- eleanor e. maccoby (dept. of
psychology, stanford university)
"joshua goldstein's book redefines what we think of both
'war' and 'gender.'  it is simply the most disturbing account of
the link between sex and violence yet written.  finally, we have
a truly multi-disciplinary study of the subject.  distressing, and
convincing."
-- joanna bourke (school of history, classics and
archaeology, u. of london)
"a must-read for anyone interested in gender and militarism."
-- jane mansbridge (kennedy school of government, harvard university)
co-winner of the american political science association's victoria schuck award for
best book on women and politics, 2002.


  
discussion forum
        
email:  jg -at- joshuagoldstein -dot- com   
        
about the author
        
about the cover photo





short excerpts and illustrations on:
women in wwi
women in combat
female combat
amazon women
feminist theory
gender roles
gender difference
gender issues
gender faqs
gender explanation
gender - sexuality
gender studies
nature-nurture
ptsd
male aggression
men
fathers
boys' violence
peace

      

excerpts and information about women's roles in world war i

      

goldstein's op ed on gender and the war on terrorism
(cs monitor 1/20/02)


isbn: 0521001803 paperback, 0521807166 hardbound, 523 pp.

find at amazon.com

find at barnes and noble

find at cambridge u. press













 search this site
 search the web 



to directly search all references,
click here


description
gender roles are nowhere more prominent than in war. yet contentious debates, and the scattering of scholarship across
academic disciplines, have obscured understanding of how gender affects war and vice versa. in this authoritative and lively
review of our state of knowledge, joshua goldstein assesses the possible explanations for the near-total exclusion of women
from combat forces, through history and across cultures. topics covered include the history of women who did fight and
fought well, the complex role of testosterone in men''s social behaviors, and the construction of masculinity and femininity in
the shadow of war. goldstein concludes that killing in war does not come naturally for either gender, and that gender norms
often shape men, women, and children to the needs of the war system. lllustrated with photographs, drawings, and graphics,
and drawing from scholarship spanning six academic disciplines, this book provides a unique study of a fascinating issue.


© 2001 joshua s. goldstein




brief table of contents
list of figures and tables 
        preface 
1. a puzzle: the cross-cultural consistency of gender roles in war
        
        2. women warriors: the historical record of female combatants 
        3. bodies: the biology of individual gender 
        4. groups: bonding, hierarchy, and social identity
        5. heroes: the making of militarized masculinity 
        6. conquests: sex, rape, and exploitation in wartime 
        7. reflections: the mutuality of gender and war 
references
        author index
        subject index 




 




detailed table of contents



list of figures and tables
      preface
      



1. a puzzle: the cross-cultural consistency
      of gender roles in war 
introduction
        plan of the book
      the diversity of war and of gender
a. the universal gendering of war
myths of amazon matriarchies
        gendered war roles in preindustrial societies
        cases of female participation in combat
b. the universal potential for war
the myth of peaceful origins
        present-day gathering-hunting societies
        specific peaceful societies
c. feminist theories of war and peace
seeing gender
        liberal feminism
        difference feminism
        postmodern feminism
        feminism and biology
        feminism and international relations theory
conclusion





2. women warriors: the historical record of female
        combatants
introduction
a. female combat units
        dahomey in the slave-trading era
        the soviet union in world war ii
        other cases
b. mixed-gender units
        guerrilla armies
        present-day state armies
        the u.s. experience
c. individual women fighters
        cross-dressers
        openly female fighters
d. women military leaders
        warrior queens
        modern political leaders in wartime
conclusion






3. bodies: the biology of individual gender
introduction
        the nature-nurture feedback loop
        gender differences in aggression
a. genetics
the genetics of gender
b. testosterone levels
how testosterone works
        testosterone and aggression
        social competition and testosterone levels
        stress hormones
c. size and strength
body size and strength
        does brain or brawn win wars?
d. brains and cognition
brain development
        cognitive abilities
        wired for aggression?
e. female sex hormones and caregiving
conclusion






4. groups: bonding, hierarchy, and social identity
introduction
        humans, chimpanzees and bonobos
        primate diversity
a. male bonding
bonding in combat
        is bonding gendered?
b. ability to work in hierarchies
dominance
        childhood pecking orders
        managing conflict within groups
c. in-group/out-group psychology
intergroup competition
        intergroup hostility
d. childhood gender segregation
extent of gender segregation
        causes and effects of segregation
        the role of fathers
conclusion




5. heroes: the making of militarized masculinity
introduction
a. test of manhood as a motivation to fight
fear and functionality in battle
        combat trauma
        manhood in war
        historical examples
        the men's movement
        toughening up boys
b. feminine reinforcement of soldiers' masculinity
making war abnormal
        women's nurturing of men warriors
        other psychological war support roles
c. women peace activism
conclusion




6. conquests: sex, rape, and exploitation in wartime
introduction
a. male sexuality as a cause of aggression
sex in wartime
        military prostitution
        does sex affect aggression?
b. feminization of enemies as symbolic domination
means of feminization
        rape in war
        war and misogyny
        military homophobia
c. dependence on exploiting women's labor
women war workers
        women's labor in the world wars
        gender inequality and war-proneness cross-culturally
        are women or men the main victims of war?
conclusion




7. reflections: the mutuality of gender and war
sifting the explanations of gendered war roles
        lessons for scholars of war and peace
        war as a cause of gender
        dilemmas of social change




references 
        author index
        subject index 







       preface



 

recently, i discovered a list of unfinished research projects, which i had made fifteen years ago at the end of graduate school. about ten lines down is “gender and war,” with the notation “most interesting of all; will ruin career – wait until tenure.” fortunately, other political scientists in those years – almost all of them women – were not so timid in developing feminist scholarship on war. these pioneers laid the intellectual foundations for this project, and were often kind enough to teach me and encourage my gender interests. i am indebted to carol cohn, francine d’amico, jean bethke elshtain, cynthia enloe, v. spike peterson, simona sharoni, christine sylvester, j. ann tickner, and others. (and, fortunately, i did get tenure.)
a second debt i owe to the john d. and catherine t. macarthur foundation, which funded a research leave based on my vague idea of writing an interdisciplinary book about war. when it proved slow a-borning, the foundation staff said simply that they would leave a space on their library’s shelf of “macarthur books.” here it is, only seven years late.
the roots of this project – and a third debt – go back further. i grew up on the stanford campus, with two molecular biologists for parents. i worked occasionally in my father’s lab, and picked up a feeling for the world of natural science. only in retrospect do i appreciate what an extraordinary privilege it was to grow up inside stanford when it was still a small town and, for me, an interdisciplinary incubator.
science and scholarship are never entirely unbiased, since knowledge-production occurs within social and political contexts. scientists occupy positions in social hierarchies. arguments serve purposes and reflect political agendas. personally, i write from a position of privilege and security, as a white, male, north american, tenured social scientist. i have never been in a war or served in the military, though i was born in the shadow of world war ii and turned 18 during vietnam – as a peace activist. my political agenda today is anti-war and pro-feminist, tempered over several decades by an appreciation of the enormous complexity and difficulty of these important changes in human society. all these perspectives, no doubt, affect the character of my book, but i would single out especially that of being a man. men should pay more attention to gender. we learn about ourselves by doing so. i have, at least.
this book summarizes a large and complex body of evidence drawn from different research communities in a variety of academic disciplines. bringing this material together requires some translation, but i try not to over-translate others’ voices, nor to massage the mass of sometimes contradictory material to fit a single theory or dogma. the result is a longer book, but a richer one. i have tried hard to be careful, fair, and above all honest – about where the empirical evidence leads, and about how poorly simplistic models and theories describe our complex world.
the research literatures covered here are growing exponentially. my review, with some exceptions, ends in early 1999, although new and interesting works continue to appear (notably kurtz ed. 1999 and bourke 1999). many others will follow. for updates and discussions, see this book’s website, www.warandgender.com.
exchanging ideas with scholars from other disciplines has been a special pleasure of this project. for their suggestions on a previous draft and on the project, i thank in particular john archer, frans de waal, mel and carol ember, seymour and norma feshbach, walter goldschmidt, jane goodall, sir michael howard, paul kennedy, melvin konner, charles lawrence, eleanor maccoby, mari matsuda, richard wrangham, and the late carl sagan.
in my own discipline i especially thank – in addition to the feminist theorists mentioned earlier – hayward alker, neta crawford, randy forsberg, peter haas, ruth jacobson, sarah johnson, adam jones, stephen krasner, nanette levinson, jack levy, lory manning, jane mansbridge, craig murphy, shoon murray, robert north, jim rosenau, bruce russett, cathy schneider, shibley telhami, and others. thanks also to participants in seminars and conversations at yale, stanford, cornell, university of massachusetts, american university, the university of maryland, rutgers, and the peace science society and international studies association conferences. for research assistance and support, i thank the incomparable elizabeth kittrell, wendy hunter, brook demmerle, briana saunders, teruo iwai, maryanne yerkes, american university, university of sothern california, university of massachusetts, yale, and harvard. for seeing the potential of this book, i thank my editor at cambridge university press, john haslam. thanks to reena bernards, cynthia schrager, elena stone, and allan lefcowitz for writing help. for long-distance spiritual support during this long, difficult project, i appreciate joyce galaski, ericka huggins, and reena kling. finally, thanks to andra, solomon, and ruth for companionship and humor.
about the footnotes
the footnotes, grouped by paragraph of text, provide work and page citations for quotes and specific claims, indicated by an identifier word before the page number. a subject word followed by a colon applies to subsequent citations until the next colon. a citation without identifier or subject word refers to a discussion relevant to the paragraph but not to any particular claim or quote in it. some authors cited for a paragraph may be dissenting arguments from the paragraph’s point. some of the footnotes encapsulate running conversations, which the interested reader can reconstruct from the sequence of page citations given.
about the website
discussions and updates regarding the topics raised in this book may be found at its site on the world wide web, www.warandgender.com. scholarly resources include a searchable list of the references. join an interdisciplinary conversation, check for errata (sigh), or read the first chapter.







read the first chapter online



back to top of page


