






online continuing education for ccm, crc, cdms, naadac & more - aaaceus

















































    have a question? call us at 866-850-5999




login
|
create an account













online continuing educationfor healthcare professionals




courses

all courses
featured course
new courses
course bundles
ccm/cdms course bundles
addiction course bundles
clcp training program
mscc training program
cmcps training program
subscriptions
course packages
pre-approved ethics
homestudies
case management essentials



about


blog


resources

company and group accounts
clcp training program
mscc training program
cmcps training program
state addiction counselor requirements
state nursing requirements
partners
jobs
newsletter archive




approvals


faqs


contact


my account









sign up for the latest on ceus
or create an account now





              
            
              
            send me updates



 











trusted ceu provider
providing high-quality continuing education for case managers, rehab counselors, disability
              managers, nurses, addiction counselors, substance use counselors, alcohol counselors, and more!

new courses
featured course


course bundles
subscriptions


clcp training
mscc training
cmcps training















search













how it works
learn at your own pace with a trusted system that puts you first.

 

create an account



find your course




takethetest



get your certificate instantly









course listings
browse by type





course bundlessave up to 75%. pre-selected course 
                bundles ranging from 30 hours to 100 hours. ethics included. approved for multiple licenses and certifications.
            





unlimited subscriptions
            our best deal. choose your own courses with 12 month, 2 year, or 5 year unlimited subscriptions. with 188 courses totaling 1086 credit hours, and longer 
            courses.
            





course packagescourse packages are a great way to save money on groups
            of courses with similar topics.
            





case management essentialsa comprehensive introduction to the field of case management (certificate of achievement program)





case manager (ccm)63 online courses with 385 
            hours of pre-approved continuing education for certified case managers (ccm)





case manager (acm)58 online courses with 360 
            hours of pre-approved continuing education for accredited case managers (acm)





rehab counselor (crc)78 online courses with 525 
            hours of pre-approved continuing education for certified rehabilitation counselors (crc)





disability manager (cdms)57 online courses with 359 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified disability manager specialists (cdms)





addiction counselors114 online courses with 674 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for addiction counselors, substance use counselors, and alcohol counselors. all courses approved by the national association of 
            addiction counselors (naadac), ce provider #176673. 





california consortium of addiction programs and professionals (ccapp)119 online courses with 701 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for addiction counselors, substance use counselors, alcohol counselors, and more. all courses approved by the california consortium of addiction programs and professionals (ccapp) 





 vocational rehab professional - canada (cvrp)53 online courses with 358 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified vocational rehabilitation professionals (cvrp)





rehabilitation professional - canada (vra-canada)52 online courses with 397 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for registered rehabilitation professionals (vra-canada)





michigan certification board for addiction professionals (mcbap)44 online courses with 251 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for michigan certification board for addiction professionals (mcbap-r and mcbap-s)





homestudies11 homestudy courses with 168 
            hours of textbook-based courses for students who prefer an offline option





nurse rn (all states)132 online courses with 813 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for registered nurses (rn)





state required courses (rn)13 online courses with 27 
            hours of online courses required by your state





life care planner (clcp)58 online courses with 361 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified life care planners (clcp)





nurse life care planner (cnlcp)30 online courses with 215 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified nurse life care planners (cnlcp)





vocational expert (abve)7 online courses with 92 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for american board of vocational experts (abve)





occupational health nurse (cohn/cohn-s)58 online courses with 370 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified occupational health nurses (cohn & cohn-s)





cops-kt30 online courses with 230 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for the council on professional standards for kinesio therapy (cops-kt)





certified vocational evaluator specialist (cve)34 online courses with 199 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified vocational evaluator specialist (cve)





medicare set-aside (mscc)53 online courses with 328 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for medicare set-aside certified consultants (mscc)





rehabilitation registered nurse (crrn)50 online courses with 342 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for certified rehabilitation registered nurses (crrn)





georgia state board of workers' compensation (ga-sbwc)17 online courses with 129 
            hours of online courses pre-approved for georgia state board of workers' compensation (ga-sbwc)











accredited and approved:






























ce provider #176673expiring on 6/1/2022



nursingall states
















customer testimonials






                    william n.
                    





"this course was outstanding, it is one of the most informative and best continuing ed courses i have taken."






                    cecelia m.
                    





"thank you for this great course! i learned a lot about the symptoms of dementia and the different causes of it.
"








                    marisa b.
                    





"thank you for this opportunity. grateful for all i have learned. will refer to this book like a bible. everything i deal with every day but clarified everything! the staff and owners are compassionate and kind. thank you thank you."






                    patricia h.
                    





"another great course. well written with lots of valuable information that will carry over to my practice."








                    elizabeth c.
                    





"an excellent course in case management essentials. reading materials and testing are useful tools in learning about case management."












sign up for the latest on ceus
or create an account now





                      
                    
                      
                    sign me up



 













trusted online provider of high quality continuing education for case managers, rehab counselors,
            disability managers, addiction counselors, substance use counselors, alcohol counselors, nurses and more!



get in touch
  866-850-5999
 customer.service@aaaceus.com

12081 w. alameda pkwyunit 426, lakewood, co 80228



                                  
            



useful links

registration
contact us
security info
privacy policy
terms of use






    copyright ©2025 aaaceus™ all rights reserved.
  













