

















mount auburn cemetery – mount auburn cemetery































 


skip to content






locate a grave









search























about









careers


mission. vision. values.


leadership


press


contact






visit









current hours


directions & parking


amenities & accessibility


group visits






events




explore









art


history


landscape


notable residents


media library


plants & wildlife


preservation & stewardship






services









burial space


plan a burial


cremation


host an event


visit a grave


lot & grave care


tributes






support









join or renew


giving circles


laurel circle


special projects


planned giving


members events























home page











weather alert: week of feb 17-21


﻿the cemetery is now open but remains icy.  please use extreme caution when visiting by car or on foot. 







welcome to mount auburn


a place of inspirational beauty and comfort


founded in 1831, mount auburn’s mission has always been to inspire all who visit, comfort the bereaved, and commemorate the dead in a landscape of exceptional beauty.







locate a grave


try our burial search


looking for the grave of someone buried at mount auburn? our online burial search allows you to locate all of those now buried here.







join the friends or support a special project!


help support programming, sustainability, preservation, ecology efforts, and more!


by becoming a member of the friends of mount auburn, you can help sustain the natural beauty and rich history of mount auburn.  join the friends or support a special project today!







winter events


join us for a vibrant season of public programming


view our calendar of events and register to attend!







planning to visit mount auburn?


help us protect this national historic landmark


please help us to preserve mount auburn’s character and beauty by being mindful of our visitor guidelines.







host an event


plan a memorial service or reception


whether you are planning a burial or a graveside memorial, our team is here to help. regardless of if your family has burial space at mount auburn, we have chapels and ornamental gardens that can be used to host a commemorative event. 







join our team


we're hiring! 


mount auburn’s dedicated staff are responsible for the daily care and stewardship of this national historic landmark, accredited arboretum and botanical garden, and active cemetery. view our open positions. 




















news & events









weather alert: ice & snow

the winter is a picturesque time to visit mount auburn, but please take caution. if you’ve walked the cemetery lately, you may have noticed that there are some icy patches on our roads whereas the roads and sidewalks outside our gates are clear down to the pavement. that’s because on municipal roads and private parking lots they tend to use a lot of salt in their snow and ice management practices. at mount auburn, we try to minimize salt use for the long-term health of our plants.
for the safety of our visitors, we typically use an 80% sand and 20% salt mix on the roads, and 100% sand on other paved areas. as each storm is a unique case, we occasionally use an ice melt in high-traffic, icy areas for safety. the majority of our walking paths are not plowed or sanded. overall, our practice is to use little salt to protect our landscape and nearby waterbodies that our drains flow to. it is our goal to balance protecting our plants along with assuring the safety of our visitors.










moving through grief: a conversation with artist-in-residence lonnie stanton

meet 2024-2025 artist-in-residence lonnie stanton who brings her final residency performance to mount auburn this spring.
read the interview










adapting the story of harriet jacobs for children: an interview with '24-'25 artist-in-residence fatima seck

2024-2025 artist-in-residence, fatima seck, sat down with public events producer, julie-anne whitney, to discuss her residency project—a currently untitled illustrated children’s poetry book about harriet jacobs.
read the interview










tribute calendar 2025 

tributes offer a heartfelt way to honor and remember loved ones. visitors are welcome to leave temporary tributes at gravesites, provided they align with our tribute policies. to ensure the grounds remain well-maintained and cared for, our team conducts regular clean sweeps throughout the year to remove tributes.
for the scheduled clean sweep dates in 2025, please consult our tribute calendar.










a mid-century chronicle of mount auburn: the photography of arthur cushman haskell

for 25 years, from 1937 to 1962, mount auburn cemetery was beautifully chronicled through the eyes of arthur cushman haskell. the celebrated new england architectural photographer created an extensive body of images of mount auburn, which capture the cemetery’s ethereal qualities.
continue reading










a.j. & m.d. ruggiero memorial trust awards grant for auburn lake and willow pond restoration

over the years, the ruggiero trust has awarded more than $1.6 million to the friends of mount auburn for habitat restoration projects including indian ridge and consecration dell.
read on










sweet auburn magazine

read our latest issue of sweet auburn magazine featuring articles on our new significant trees at mount auburn, the midcentury photography of arthur cushman haskell, musings on the winter solstice, and more!
sweet auburn 2024 vol. 2



















mount auburn cemetery




locate a grave











                  about us
                →
              



open daily:
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
washington tower:
closed for the season
pedestrian entrances:
9:00 am – 4:00 pm
office hours:
mon | 8:30 am – 4:30 pm
tue | 8:30 am – 4:30 pm
wed | 8:30 am – 2:30 pm
thu | 8:30 am – 4:30 pm
fri | 8:30 am – 4:30 pm
sat | 8:30 am – 2:30 pm
current hours >>





visit


events


explore


services


careers


store





580 mount auburn street
cambridge, ma 02138
+1 617 547 7105
info@mountauburn.org



                  contact
                








                  support us
                







subscribe 



 


social 

facebook






youtube






instagram







twitter


flickr














