










land's end weddings | waterfront wedding & event venue




























menu
contact us








 weddings
corporate events
social events
catering

faq's
virtual tour
location

vendors
back to home










scroll down to content

photo by jay lim photography




the premier
waterfront venue
land’s end is located on long island, overlooking the great south bay in the quaint town of sayville. known for astonishing water views, beautifully manicured gardens, excellent cuisine and impeccable service, land’s end is the best of long island waterfront wedding venues, a premiere venue for beach & waterfront weddings, bar/bat mitzvahs, corporate events, fundraisers and more.

take a virtual tour






plan your next event

weddings



corporate events



social events











photo by brett matthews photography


asset 1

founded in 1985 as a private events catering business exclusively serving the north shore of long island, lovin' oven now encompasses 13 unique locations between long island, new york city and myrtle beach, south carolina. lovin' oven offers exquisite cuisine, professional staffing and event planning services for private affairs, weddings, bar/bat mitzvahs, black-tie celebrations, golf outings, large scale corporate events, as well as off-premise catering.

view our other long island venue



















come visit us in sayville, ny. take a walk of our property and discuss your upcoming event. land's end hosts one event at a time, ensuring that no detail is overlooked and the highest level of personal attention and service. please fill out the form on the left in order to start planning your event and one of our representatives will be in touch with you. by appointment only.
or contact us at
(631) 589-1888
info@landsendweddings.com
80 brown’s river road
sayville, ny 11782












80 brown’s river road
sayville, ny 11782
(631) 589-1888
info@landsendweddings.com





find us on facebook
follow us on instagram
our pinterest board
find us on the knot
find us on wedding wire









subscribe to our mailing list:






 






 




owned and operated by lovin' oven catering of suffolk, llc.
copyright ©1994 -  · all rights reserved




















