

       
timberlyne | sand creek post & beam























skip to main content
view commercial mass timber website















request information!
menu








close barnspre-designed barn kitsbarn + loft living planscustom wood barnshomeshome packages & floor planscustom timber homescommercialbarn venue kitscommercial solutionsoutdooroutdoor livingwood tower windmillsabout timberlynetimberlyne experiencemeet the teamour story + historybuilder resourcesresidential solutionsstructure typesspecies + finish optionsget inspiredphoto galleryinteractive tourstestimonialsget startedrequest informationtour our showroom

submitsand creek post & beam tradition













styles










options










experience










8x8 difference

rooted in traditionbuilt on history and heritage, sand creek post & beam barns and barn homes are the perfect blend of customization and pre-manufacturing. utilizing the same post and beam construction method america’s pioneers used to build their homes and barns, your one-of-a-kind design will be both inviting and inspiring.the warm aesthetics of the rough sawn materials, breathtaking lofted ceilings and exposed post and beam frames create a barn, home, or commercial venue that is not only gorgeous and versatile in design, but that will stand the test of time.








   we’ve got stylesthese five classic sand creek post & beam styles are a great starting point for designing your dream home or barn. think of them as a blank canvas, yours to customize from the ground up. choose from a variety of frame options, floor plans and roofing selections. then add hand-crafted accessories to give your building a look that’s all your own.



western



prairie



ponderosa



gambrel



easternbent optionschoose from a variety of bent options to customize your barn, home, or venue.



standard bent



hammer truss bent



bottom chord truss bentwant something totally unique? check out our custom designs.
custom barns



customization optionsfrom framing to joinery, every customization will work together to give your home or barn a one-of-a-kind aesthetic. we are proud to provide an experienced team of in-house designers and architecture transplants to guide you throughout the entire process, from conceptualization to engineering and design.handcrafted accessories



open + enclosed lean-to’s



barn windows



barn doors



cupolas + weathervanes



widow’s peaks + hay hoods



dormers



hardware + plates
see even more optionstimberlyne experience

step 1 
collaborating

step 2 
creating

step 3 
gathering

step 4 
crafting

step 5 
assembling
learn about our process



only the strongest will dohigh standards mean bigger timber. that’s why our sand creek buildings require the use of massive 8x full-dimensional timber in every frame. the strength of 8x timber is substantially stronger when compared to common 6x timbers, meaning your structure will stand stronger, longer.








pre-designed homes
go to home kits









pre-designed barns
go to barn kits
all packages include• structural building plans and foundation plans.• wood frame consisting of 8x precision-cut timbers and powder-coated steel joinery.• walls consisting of 2x6 girts, pressure-treated sill, kd pine siding: 1x10 board, 1x3 batten.• roof consisting of 4x6 purlins, kd 1x10 roof decking and roof underlayment.• second floor consisting of 2x6 t&g decking with optional 2x10 joists.• construction guide and phone support throughout the entire project.




×subscribe to our newsletterbe first to see our latest designs, photos, and videos!
sign upsubscribe to our newslettersign up with your email address to receive news and updates











online storetimberlyne journaljoin our teamsustainable buildingfaqsprivacy policynebraska: 116 west 1st street | wayne, ne 68787 | 888-489-1680texas: 613 hwy 46 e. | boerne, tx 78006 | 877-680-1680© 2025 timberlyne. all rights reserved.       
