




olympic rent-a-car - st. croix, us virgin islands, caribbean car rentals



































navigate



home


about


about us


about st. croix


terms & conditions




location map


news & social


reviews


directory



 reserve car




call:  1 (340) 718.3000











	olympic rent-a-car

	the most experienced 
  car rentals in st. croix usvi



	book now

 
 


olympic rent-a-car 50 years anniversary
     having been in car rental business for 5 decades we've stood the test of time in car rental customer service. we know what you expect and we're here to give it to you! 
    

		

 experience: 
        50 years in business! oldest  independent car rental agency in st. croix, usvi . 
 location: 
        1 minute from seaborne seaplanes. 5 minutes from downtown. view map. 
no hidden fees:
        no airport fees.
 variety: 
        compact, economy, full size, soft-top 4 wheel dr. jeep wranglers, suvs & minivans. view & book

please call us for corporate rates: 

 1 (340) 718.3000


please note: 

you have to be between 25 and 75 years old to rent from olympic rent-a-car. 
for 23-24 years old please read the terms & conditions.



	more about us		
	  





olympic rent-a-car
    
olympic rent-a-car, 1103 richmond, christiansted, st. croix, usvi.
  50 years of car rental business experience on saint croix usvi. stay informed with local st. croix, usvi news and our specials. 
    follow us on social media @olympicstcroix


call us:

 1 (340) 718.3000







explore st. croix, us virgin islands




	
	renting a car with olympic rent-a-car is an easy way to get out and explore st. croix. from the caribbean sea to the mountains, valleys, rainforest and arid terrain, st. croix is a picture waitng to happen. 
drive to point udall and you will be at the eastern most point of the united sates! take the top off your jeep and tour the west end to see the lush, beautiful rain forest.
	 
	
	

	more about st. croix
		
    










	olympic rent-a-car

	the longest serving 
  car rentals in st. croix usvi



	book now

 
 


reviews
no issue!






  "good service and no issues. we took great care to minimize bringing any sand from the beach into the vehicle and shook out all the floor mats if any did sneak in. pick up and drop off at the airport went smoothly and the drivers were all very friendly and professional. the credit card hold did take up to two weeks to disappear from the credit card, but over all, would choose again for island rental."
best car rental in st. croix






  "best car rental service in st.croix!!! great, friendly and professional service; regular customers get vip treatment. only one complaint, the lot is too small. i hope they can move to a better location to entertain more customers...but that's a small matter. the best car rental in stx!"
	super great experience renting from olympic






"super great experience renting from olympic. they worked with me to rent us a car even though i am under 25, which no one else would do. they were waiting outside the airport to pick us up when we arrived and the transport back to the airport was just as easy when we were headed home. the kai we rented was clean and in great shape and got 30+ mpg even with the curvy roads and island driving. we still definitely be back when we return to st croix."

	more reviews






book here
		








book car







reviews





location





 
    caribbean info
  













share this website on your social network! 









 






		
		
© olympic rent-a-car copyright 2023
tel: 1 (340) 718.3000  toll free:  1 888.878.4227
    fax: 1 (340) 718.9000 e-mail: rent @ olympicstcroix.com 
 address   : 1103            richmond, christiansted  st. croix, us virgin islands

website created, managed, hosted and promoted by gandor.tv
member of the caribbean info directory: coolestcarib.com





 









