


 symbiotic systems  - products to help you






sonnenbrille 2011




welcome to symbiotic systems, 
      inc.



if you are seeking information on reflexology, please click 
  here.

since 1996 symbiotic systems, inc. has been dedicated to creating, finding 
  and distributing “alternative products?which are designed to enhance your life. 
  some products produce a cost savings when used which makes them an excellent 
  investment rather than an expense. many of our products deal with health issues, 
  but not all.
  do you have unique formations building 
  up on your faucets and minerals clogging your pipes,
 we can fix that with our magnetic water 
  conditioning system we've sold
  with a money back guarantee for nine years now.
  and... it is a no bones about it money saving investment.
 we firmly believe that there is a greater knowledge in this world and search 
  the world to bring this knowledge to you. some information presented is pure 
  knowledge, we don’t sell a product associated with the knowledge, but feel it 
  this is information you can use. 


we are not doctors. we are information junkies who 
      have a particular interest
      in natural and/or “alternative?solutions for human ailments/problems.
and then we back all our products/solutions with 
      a 30 day money back guarantee.


hair straightener



 we believe that the term “alternative?should be applied to drugs rather than 
  natural treatments. we feel that natural treatments should be your first option 
  or line of defense before using any drugs which may produce profound side effects. 
  prevention is paramount to good health. further, we believe that natural treatments 
  are best utilized in addition to the western approach to medicine. knowledge 
  is a tool and it would be foolish to ignore the benefits each approach offers. 



    when we are talking about personal health,
    our philosophy is; whatever works (and proven safe). 
  



hermes


please note: all replies to 
  e-mail queries, as well as any information on this website, 
  are not intended as substitutes for diagnosis and treatment
  by a qualified, licensed professional. 

the products we sell have long histories of effectiveness. if you have a chronic 
  condition, we recommend you start a crusade to find health care providers of 
  all types specializing in your condition and learn what you can from this site 
  and others. don’t be satisfied with what’s available in your town. if you are 
  reading this, you have access to all the knowledge in the world. you can easily 
  verify most of the information contained on this site and we encourage you to 
  do so.




willard water - the foundation 
  
 here you’ll discover what "60 minutes" called "doc willard’s wonder water". 
  a very powerful antioxident. this is the reason we are here. this amazing concentrate 
  is our featured product and should be used in conjunction with everything else 
  we sell to build a healthy foundation. willard water concentrate creates a more 
  activated form of water that has so many positive effects, you can use it for 
  almost anything. of primary importance is willard water’s ability to make other 
  substances work better. follow this link to discover the wonders of "willard 
  water".





magnetic magic water conditioning 
  system

there are a number of health benefits to drinking magnetized water, but to 
many people, this is a secondary benefit. most purchase these space age magnets 
to save money by saving their home from the effects of hard water which destroys 
appliances and creates corrosion on fixtures. the savings you'll realize on your 
water heating bill alone will pay for this beneficial application within a year. 
follow this link to discover the wonders of magnetic magic.







 lice rx: the non-toxic solution 
  to pesticide resistant head lice
 

jimmy choo scarpe


  everybody hates head lice. schools, parents, teachers and most of all 
  kids hate head lice. prior to lice rx, eradication of head lice infestations 
  involved poisons including those which have been proven by harvard to not always 
  be effective in at least two areas in the us. your town too? we hear that a 
  lot. since 1997 we've offered lice rx as a safe 
  and effective way to eradicate adult head lice without poisons. often we are 
  parents last hope and feel comfortable in the role of hero :) which is why we 
  have been able to offer a money back satisfaction guarantee since day one. our 
  lice rx works to your satisfaction or your money back. many past customers 
  comment how nice their hair feels after an application of our green apple scented 
  lice rx. click here to find out more about lice rx.








scabies salvation lotion
scabies infestations are not fun and the remedy most often recommended is even 
less fun due to the application of pesticides all over your body. here at symbiotic 
systems, inc., we offer you an alternative scabies solution that is a non-toxic 
combination of essential and other oils from around the world which have been 
used and proven over centuries to help with scabies in the countries of their 
origin. we've taken these individual scabies remedies from different parts of 
the world and combined them all into a moisturizing lotion base which is guaranteed 
(or your money back!) to stop your scabies infestation. click 
here to free yourself from this scabies nightmare.


dhea & melatonin
 a good nights sleep is essential to good health and yet a vast amount of 
  people suffer from insomnia every night. melatonin is a natural way to get a 
  good nights rest. dhea has been called the "fountain of youth hormone". however, 
  many people are simply using dhea to lose weight. both of these products have 
  been extensively reported on in the media. i’m sure you will have heard these 
  names, follow this link to learn more about what dhea 
  & melatonin can do for you. 







insuladd, the additive that 
  makes paint insulate
 sounds to good to be true doesn't it? just two coats of paint containing 
  this amazing additive, will give you r-20 insulation. we have a lot of info 
  on it so it's best just to follow this 
  link to learn more. 
 



ls-90, 
  the ag advantage
if you are a farmer or rancher, you’ll want to visit ag 
  advantage. ag advantage stands for "a great advantage". one product, 12 
  u.s. patents for uses in agriculture. ls-90 can make a dramatic improvement 
  in your bottom line at a cost of about us1.75 an acre. 

idaho central reservations is an 
  ever evolving city by city travel directory for the state of idaho. detailed 
  information is presented by businesses encouraging you to visit their establishment 
  prior to and during your visit to idaho. travel from city to city is just a 
  click away. come plan your trip with the fine establishments listing their products 
  and services.

our public service
our national debt. current 
  and to the penny as of the moment you visit. in september 1996, the us national 
  debt went past $5 trillion for the first time ever. this 
  should concern you. take a moment to visit. it's very eye opening. make 
  note of the dollar amount and hit reload. watch how much our debt goes up in 
  the time it took your screen to reload!
 as a nation, we owed: 
 $5,193,289,504,811.98 as of 7:10 p.m. on september 23, 1996.
  $5,346,464,964,281.64 as of february 28, 1997
  $5,462,624,123,747.44 as of december 4, 1997.
  $5,531,660,484,841.88 as of march 24, 1998
  $5,719,424,838,725.42 as of august 29,2001 (about two 
  weeks before 9/11)
$6,874,577,948, 531.60 as of november 11, 2003 at 11:42 p.m. gmt
  $6,874,597,706,207.99 as of november 12, 2003 at 
  12:00:13 a.m. gmt (18 minutes time difference) 
$7,441,543,658,872.86 as of october 28, 2004 at 2:04 p.m. gmt growing at 
  $1.67 billion per day since september 30, 2003! 

u.s. debt was growing 
  at $706 million a day on february 28, 1997. august 29, 2001 the debt really 
  started to climb rapidly. news is, the "tax relief" check president bush gave 
  us put us back in the hole. we, as a nation would have saved way more, if he 
  just would have paid down the debt. you still need to contact your representatives 
  and tell them it's your money! they need to spend it wisely so our children 
  don't shoulder the debt!
the war on terror has become a war on the u.s. taxpayer with 
  halliburton
  earning a cut of every dollar they spend. the more they spend, the more they 
  make. it isn't right.
  








all our products come with a 30 day money back guarantee. 







thank you for visiting our 
    site.
    we hope we can help you soon!







 you can reach us here. 
      for contact information and to learn about our shipping, refund,
      cancellation and privacy policies.


 visit 
  our new links of interest





   © 1996/7/8/9/2000/2001/2002/2003/2004/2005 symbiotic systems, 
  inc.
  most recent revision sunday, december 4, 2005
  




