





welcome to the lgbtq crc | lgbtq campus










skip to main content



ucla






lgbtq campus
resource center




about
our staff
contact
join our listserv
give












search websitesearch


services & resources
community
events & programs
leadership
education & advocacy
trans @ ucla
report an incident




about
our staff
contact
join our listserv
give








search website
search

















welcome to the lgbtq crc




  glad to be in community! the ucla lgbtq campus resource center has proudly been serving the ucla community for over 25 years. we provide a comprehensive range of education and advocacy services supporting intersectional identity development as well as fostering unity, wellness, and an open, safe, and inclusive environment for ucla’s lgbtq community. the lgbtq crc supports community members of all sexual and gender identities and serves the entire ucla community – undergraduate students, graduate and professional students, faculty, staff, and alumni. we welcome you to engage with us by stopping by the center, attending our programming, utilizing our services, or participating in an allyship training.  lgbtq crc hours stop by our space to relax, study, and get to know members of the community! the lgbtq campus resource center is open from 9am-6pm, monday-thursday and 9am-4pm on fridays during the academic year. we are closed during all university holidays.   visit our contact page to learn more, and stay up-to-date by following us on instagram. 





quick links



 


services & resources




 


for transgender & nonbinary bruins




 


come to a weekly space




 


get involved in lgbtq advocacy & organizations









upcoming events

stay up-to-date with the lgbtq crc's events through our community calendar!

 loading events...

 





more about ucla



gender-inclusive restroom map (updated january 2022)
the integration of gender-inclusive restrooms into the ucla campus map is in part thanks to the work of the lgbtq crc student advocacy committee.

you can visit the campus map online and use the filter to find gender-inclusive restrooms on-campus or download a pdf version below. 

facilities management offers additional campus maps for accessibility and emergencies.
downloadable gender-inclusive restroom map




at the crc

rae lee siporin library
david bohnett cyber center
weekly and recurring spaces
ucla resources

community programs & resource centers
black bruin resource center (bbrc)
bruin resource center (brc)
community programs office (cpo)
dashew center for international students & scholars
graduate student resource center (gsrc)​​​​​​
transfer center
undocumented student program
veterans resource center
education & research
barbra streisand center for the study of women
center for lgbtq+ advocacy, research & health (c-larah)
gender studies
institute of american cultures (iac) centers
lgbtq studies
williams institute

health & wellness
ashe student health and wellness center
care program
case management services
counseling and psychological services (for students)
gender health program
financial wellness
​​​​​​rise center
staff and faculty counseling center
 
student services
center for accessible education (cae)
economic crisis response
student legal services

additional resources
office of the dean of students
office of equity, diversity and inclusion
student affairs


the ucla lgbtq campus resource center acknowledges our presence on the traditional, ancestral and unceded territory of the gabrielino/tongva peoples.














    student activities center
    220 westwood plaza, suite b-36 
    los angeles, ca 90095
(310) 206-3628
contact us



facebook @uclalgbtq
instagram @uclalgbtq
instagram @uclalgbtq


covid-19 resources





© 2025 regents of the
      university of california


emergency
accessibility
privacy & terms of use


facebook @uclahousing
instagram @uclahousing
linkedin @ucla
x @ucla
youtube @ucla
tiktok @ucla
snapchat @uclaofficial









