









home - nastt















































































search for:








followfollowfollowfollow















membership

login/join/renew now
what’s in it for me
membership types
member directories
students
volunteer
faq


no-dig show
no-dig north
training

training
instructors


resources

industry job board
knowledge hub
trenchless 101 glossary
trenchless north america magazine
regional chapter magazines
blog
trenchless photo gallery
pipe bursting center of excellence


overview

about
contact
board
regional chapters
staff
hall of fame
awards
strategic plan


events

calendar view
upcoming events














 











nastt – advancing the trenchless industrybecome a member today!





join today!

login

trenchless knowledge hub








nastt is a society of individuals, public organizations and private companies with strong beliefs in the practical, social and environmental benefits of trenchless technology.









membership

there is great value in nastt membership including substantial discounts for nastt’s good practices courses, trenchless training programs and publications, plus registration discounts to the annual no-dig show and to local educational seminars.

join / renew





no-dig show

nastt’s no-dig show is the society’s flagship educational and networking event. the annual no-dig show offers quality, non-commercial technical papers; an exhibition hall; a series of specialized trenchless training courses; plus many entertaining networking events and special industry related awards. nastt’s no-dig show is the largest trenchless technology conference in the world.

register





training

nastt offers multiple in-depth, high quality courses each year in cities throughout north america covering targeted trenchless topics – cipp, hdd, pipe bursting, laterals and new installation methods. you will find that our course content is of the highest quality as the material is thoroughly peer-reviewed for consensus-based information and non-commercialism.

find training









calendar






february 2025



20
february
thursday



southeast topgolf social

topgolf lake mary | 1010 greenwood blvd, lake mary, fl 32746

facebooktwitterlinkedinemail


view detail 





                                26 -
                                27                            
february
wednesday



nastt’s all new hdd good practices course – virtual



facebooktwitterlinkedinemail


view detail 




27
february
thursday



northwest technical luncheon – edmonton, ab

university club of the university of alberta | 11435 saskatchewan dr, edmonton, ab t6g 2g9

facebooktwitterlinkedinemail


view detail 





        no event found!    

load more




view full calendar











blog




dr. kimberlie staheli, p.e. inducted into nastt hall of fame

by nastt staff | feb 13, 2025 | uncategorizedthe nastt hall of fame is pleased to welcome dr. kimberlie staheli, p.e., president and principal engineer at staheli trenchless consultants as its 2025 inductee. the hall of fame honors nastt members who have made outstanding accomplishments and exceptional...




nastt announces 2024 outstanding trenchless paper awards

by nastt staff | dec 12, 2024 | blog, industry news, the no-dig shownastt is pleased to announce the winners of the 2024 nastt outstanding trenchless paper awards for new installations and rehabilitation. these awards recognize excellence by commending authors of the best nastt no-dig show papers each year. the winning papers were...




nastt congratulates its 2024 trenchless rising stars

by nastt staff | dec 12, 2024 | blog, trenchless peopletrenchless rising stars are young professionals whose record reflects ongoing and exceptional growth in their contributions to the profession and increasing levels of leadership, responsibility and sphere of impact. these early career professionals have a track record...




brian dorwart inducted into nastt hall of fame

by nastt staff | jan 24, 2024 | blog, industry news, trenchless peoplethe nastt hall of fame is pleased to welcome brian dorwart, senior consultant at brierley associates as its 2024 inductee. the hall of fame honors nastt members who have made outstanding accomplishments and exceptional contributions to the advancement of the north...




warren environmental set to establish roots in georgia with relocation

by nastt staff | sep 20, 2023 | blog, industry news[gainesville, georgia] – warren environmental and coatings, llc (warren environmental), a leading manufacturer of proprietary epoxy products and patented application technologies, is excited to announce its strategic relocation from massachusetts to georgia this fall....



« older entries




read more








































 








visit our social media channels to see us in action!





followfollowfollowfollow



 










join our newsletter!

stay up to date with the latest information on nastt events, educational opportunities, training, news and more with the nastt newsletter!

click here to sign up







contact nastt





mail


 22722 29th drive se #100
bothell, wa 98021




payments


 po box 74358
cleveland, oh 44194-4358 




phone


888-388-2554




email


info@nastt.org




connect with us

followfollowfollowfollow





© copyright nastt. all rights reserved. privacy policyreproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



 






 






























































