





village at the peaks








































































village at the peaks















home
directory

all stores
dine & entertainment
services
directory map


visit
events
about

community art
leasing opportunities
contact












serving the community with passion & pride






















welcome tovillage at the peaks
village at the peaks is a shopping and entertainment hub in the heart of longmont, colorado. the village features a 12-screen regal cinemas and a variety of delicious dining options alongside specialty stores like whole foods, retailers and convenient service providers. with a robust calendar of events, village at the peaks is the area’s community destination for activities throughout the year. join us at the village.






explore the village










shop  ➝













dine & entertainment  ➝













services  ➝









events at the village












the great easter egg scavenger hunt


march 21 - april 19, 202510am - 9pm 











easter bunny visit


april 12, 202511am - 3pm 

view more events






follow the village 




follow @villageatthepeaks










get the latest news & offers


















visit village at the peaks
longmont, colorado



browse our directory for store hours & information.




















village at the peaks
1250 south hover
longmont, co 80501
view map









 




about the village

community art
leasing opportunities
contact us











privacy policy

©2025 village at the peaks
newmark merrill companies
all rights reserved.






×















we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. reject cookies | read more.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






non-necessary							


non-necessary





any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility.











