







collaboration.org | integral yoga in america




































































































 

collaboration.orghome
aum
journal

overview
current edition
issues
journal online
gems from the archive
special features
index
subscribe


forum

overview
members list


community

overview
online groups
local groups


resources
about

overview
team
history
donate
contact


my account

login
register


home
welcome to collaboration.org


collaboration.org is a website devoted to the knowledge, practice, and community of integral yoga in america. it is hosted by the sri aurobindo association (saa) of america, a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization whose purpose is to be of service to groups and individuals devoted to the realization of the spiritual vision of sri aurobindo and the mother.


“what we propose in our yoga is nothing less than to break up the whole formation of our past and present which makes up the ordinary material and mental man and to create a new center of attention and a new universe of activities in ourselves which shall constitute a divine humanity or a superhuman nature …”—sri aurobindo, the synthesis of yoga, p. 66


“sri aurobindo came to tell the world of the beauty of the future that must be realised. he came to give not a hope but a certitude of the splendor towards which the world moves. the world is not an unfortunate accident, it is a marvel which moves towards its expression. the world needs the certitude of the beauty of the future. and sri aurobindo has given that assurance.”—the mother, collected works of the mother, vol. 13, p. 15


about integral yoga, sri aurobindo, the mother, and auroville





integral yoga: the aim of integral yoga is an inner self-development by which the individual can discover the one self in all and evolve a spiritual and supramental consciousness that will transform and divinize earth nature.sri aurobindo’s teaching • wikipedia







sri aurobindo, one of the foremost indian philosophers of the 20th century, was a political activist, poet, cultural commentator, mystic, and spiritual leader. he mastered 11 languages and was nominated for the 1950 nobel prize in literature. his teachings synthesize the rational clarity and impulse toward material perfection of the west, the profound spiritual wisdom of the east, and a new vision for a supramental life on earth.biography • wikipedia







the mother, also known as mirra alfassa, worked with sri aurobindo for the manifestation of a mode of consciousness beyond mind, which sri aurobindo called the supermind. after sri aurobindo’s passing, the mother continued his work of psychological and physical transformation. an account of her experiences is given in mother’s agenda. in 1952 she established the sri aurobindo international centre of education, and in 1968 she founded auroville, the city of human unity.biography • wikipedia







auroville is a universal township-in-the-making for a population of up to 50,000 people from around the world. the purpose of auroville is to realize human unity in diversity. auroville is an internationally endorsed, ongoing experiment in human unity and transformation of consciousness. it also conducts practical research on sustainable living and the future cultural, environmental, social and spiritual needs of humanity.auroville home page


 
a deathbound littleness is not all we are:immortal our forgotten vastnessesawait discovery in our summit selves
— savitri, page 46 
copyright © 2025 collaboration.org · all rights reserved.












					you don't have credit card details available. you will be redirected to update payment method page. click ok to continue.				
ok
cancel






homeaumjournal

overview current edition issues journal online gems from the archive special features index subscribe
forum

overview members list
community

overview online groups local groups
resourcesabout

overview team history donate contact
my account

login register




 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website










































































 



