














epoxy, urethane, cast components, transformer bushings



















































 







iso 9001:2015 certified




 

submit an inquiry  sample / quote  















epoxy, urethane, cast components, transformer bushings









         





















home 


about us





company profile 


divisions 


why buy our products? 


quality & certifications 


sustainability 







cast components 





cast epoxy stand-off insulators 


epoxy transformer bushings 







formulations 





polyurethanes 


epoxies 


utility products 







products by application 





adhesives 


cast electrical and mechanical components


electrical transformers 


electronic circuits and components 


electric motor products 


electric utility products


filter applications 


industrial belting 


sport equipment 


tooling and patterns 







support 





epoxy / urethane users handbook 


epoxy and urethane calculations 


epoxy - polyurethane tips & tricks 


faq's 


health & safety 


terms and definitions 


trouble shooting guide 







resources 





articles


brochures 


videos 













search






















                   a commitment to our planet and to future generations                

                   sustainability                
through innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement, we are committed to making a positive impact on the environment and the global ecosystem.

learn about crosslink’s esg strategy













                   protect electronic components in harsh environments                

download the guide today!













                   we are a proud sponsor of mcmaster university's baja racing team                

                   mcmaster baja racing sponsorship                
the team made up of undergraduate students at mcmaster university in hamilton, ontario, designs, manufactures, and races a single-seat off-road vehicle across north america every year.

learn about mcmaster baja racing













                   lower your costs and your footprint by switching to cold casting                

                   triathane® variable hardness polyurethane                

learn more about triathane®













                   have you ever wondered what the shore hardness means on a given product?                

                   hardness guide                

see shore hardness scale examples















                       a commitment to our planet and to future generations                    















                       we are a proud sponsor of mcmaster university's baja racing team                    








                       lower your costs and your footprint by switching to cold casting                    








                       have you ever wondered what the shore hardness means on a given product?                    

























							what we offer						

						with over 40 years of experience in the thermoset plastics industries					

						crosslink provides customized epoxy and polyurethane formulations, cast electrical components, and a high level of industry expertise to ensure that our customers are successful in everything they do.					










cast components
custom cast electrical transformer bushings, stand-off insulators and unique mechanical devices based on customer design.

see cast components







formulations
crosslink provides customized epoxy and polyurethane formulations and a high level of industry expertise to ensure that our customers are successful in everything they do.

see formulations







products by application
epoxy and urethane products find many uses in various industries. they are versatile compounds, resistant to a great number of chemicals and contaminants found in a variety of operating environments.

see products by application












useful products to consider for your battery applicationscrosslink premium wood filling putty







useful products to consider for your battery applications


												
						protect your batteries with superior thermal management potting, encapsulating and adhesive resins.						
													

crosslink technology has been providing innovative thermoset solutions for the most difficult requirements for over 40 years.
learn how to protect your batteries












crosslink premium wood filling putty


												
						crosslink's premium wood filler offers you quick curing and greater output						
													

our wood filling products are premium formulations that do not fail, have super hardness and adhesion and a fast cure time. these premium products ensure you achieve greater success with fewer failures and a greater life-cycle over other alternatives.
see our wood filling products
























need help selecting a product?

					product selector			












support
epoxy / urethane users handbookepoxy and urethane calculationsepoxy - polyurethane tips & tricksfaq'shealth & safetyterms and definitionstrouble shooting guide



contact
contact ussubmit an inquiryrequest a sample or quotecareers



quick links
 new epoxy and polyurethane developments ul® recognized epoxy and urethane productsproduct selectorsustainability 





send us an email
phone: (+1) 905.673.0510toll free north america: 1.800.563.37696430 vipond drive, mississauga, on l5t 1w8canada












associations             
 

 copyright 2025© crosslink technology inc.


















chat with us, powered by livechat


