

embassy of papua new guinea to the americas, washington, dc















































































    











 





















welcome to the embassy of papua new guinea to the americas in washington, dc. here you can learn all you ever wanted to know about png,  visa and passport info, travel and tourism, business and economy, and embassy services.                                    















embassy of papua new guinea
                              1825 k street nw
                              suite 1010
                              washington, dc 20006

                              phone: 202-745-3680

                              email (general): info@pngembassy.org
                              email (consular): visa@pngembassy.org















papua new guinea is located in the south pacific and lies 3 degrees north and 11 degrees south of the equator. papua new guinea consists of a mainland and a collection of islands of varying sizes. the mainland is really part of the island of new guinea, the second largest island in the world after greenland.  more...
what the world is saying about us?

























condolences:
on the sad occasion of the passing of the nation's founding father, grand chief rt. hon. sir michael somare, the staff of the png embassy in washington mourns with all of png at home and across the globe, and extends our heartfelt condolences to the family of sir michael somare.
to the wantoks in the u.s. and canada, the embassy welcomes your condolence messages to be conveyed to the family of sir michael somare, to email address info@pngembassy.org.
important websites:

https://ica.gov.pg
https://covid19.info.gov.pg














































last updated 9/01/04.  copyright © 2004 embassy of papua new guinea to the americas and globescope, inc.having problems viewing this site?  click here to update your flash player.for questions, comments, and contribution, please e-mail us.

















