







immigration law associates, chicago




















call us: (847) 763-8500












select language

english
한국어
polski










menu / navigation


our services 

family-based sponsorship 

options for relatives of us citizens 
options for relatives of lprs 
i-751 petition to remove conditions on permanent residence 
waivers 


temporary work visas 

b-1/b-2 visas 
e-1/e-2 visas 
h-1b visas for professionals 
h-2 visas for temporary workers 
l-1 visas for intra-company transferees 
o-1 visas for extraordinary ability 
p-1 visas for athletes & entertainers 
r-1 visas for religious workers 
tn visas for canadians & mexicans 
temporary worker visas 


employment-based permanent residence 

perm 
eb-1 
eb-2 for advanced degree professionals 
eb-3 for professional, skilled & unskilled workers 
eb-4 for religious workers 
eb-5 for investors 


scientist/researcher options 

national interest waiver 
eb-1a 
eb-1b 
schedule a group ii 


students/trainees 

f-1 academic students 
h-3 trainees 
j-1 exchange visitors 
m-1 vocational students 


citizenship/naturalization 

general requirements 
military naturalization benefits 
child citizenship act 


crime victims/daca 

u visa for victims of criminal activity 
victims of domestic violence/vawa 
daca/deferred action 


i-9/compliance center 

i-9 compliance 
h-1b/public access file compliance 




our firm 

our team 
testimonials 
legal and privacy notice 


case successes 
immigration blog 
contact us 











opening the doorto your future





immigration law associates has successfully represented businesses and individuals in all aspects of immigration matters for over 20 years.


our experience and advanced understanding of immigration laws and procedures allows us to build cases persuasive to uscis.  we are skilled at identifying the strengths of each case from an immigration legal standpoint and presenting them in the most strategic manner. our firm has also worked with many clients to develop cases until they are strong enough to file.  immigration law associates accepts a client only when we believe we can build an approvable case from the facts in his or her record, while remaining solidly within the ethical and legal boundaries.

contact us today
or
learn more






our services





family-based sponsorship





temporary work visas





employment-based permanent residence





scientist/researcher options





students/trainees





citizenship/naturalization





crime victims/daca





i-9/compliance center




contact us today



why we are different


strategy
our attorneys use their decades of combined experience to create the best strategy for your case. we do not believe in a one size fits all approach, because each client and each case is unique. beginning with your initial consultation, we will take the time to fully understand your individual situation and tailor a strategy that will give you the best chance at achieving the results you need.


skill
immigration is a complex and dynamic field, with constantly changing laws and procedures. our attorneys have the skills and flexibility necessary to navigate our intricate immigration system. we understand the law and how to apply it to your case. we are active members of the american immigration lawyers association, and we have the skills necessary to quickly adapt to all changes to the immigration process that could impact your case.


integrity.
you can count on honesty and candor every time you walk through our door. we believe in complete transparency, so you will fully understand the process every step of the way. if you do not qualify for an immigration benefit, or have a risky case, we want you to understand why. your decision will impact the rest of your life, and we want you to be knowledgeable about your options and chances of success.


learn more about us


testimonials



i want to thank you … and your very competent staff as well for helping me become a permanent resident of the u.s.! when i initially called your office, and you told me i had a national interest waiver case, i wasn’t very confident. but your firm’s extensive experience with niw and with science cases reassured me. i felt you were on my side the whole time, and i couldn’t recommend better advocates and friends than you turned out to be! i continue to refer my friends and colleagues to your office, because i know they will be in good hands.

dr. s.h. askree, emory university





i am very happy to mention that i had immigration law associates help me obtain my h1-b visa. highly knowledgeable attorneys, extremely helpful staff with ready availability for the entire visa process. all work was done in compliance with all the immigration regulations. i had filed my first visa through them and of course they helped me out very well during my transfer too. i have referred many of my colleagues and would always strongly recommend them as i am confident in the firm’s professional approach towards each individual case.

 vishwesh kelkar




see more testimonials



case successes





difficult eb-1a approved
eb-1a  case approved for indian national with retrogressed eb-2 case read more





o-1a patent technical specialist gets speedy approval 
our client came to us when her opt was close to expiration.  read more





not selected for h-1b, approved for o-1a
our client was a scientist who had to leave the u.s. because he was not selected in the h-1b lottery.  he explored the idea of an o-1a with his potential employer, and we went ahead with the case.  read more



see more case successes





explore your immigration options.
contact us today


immigration law associates, p.c.8707 skokie blvd., suite 305skokie, il 60077
(847) 763-8500








our services
our firm
case successes
immigration blog











copyright 2025. immigration law associates, p.c.. all rights reserved.terms of use. privacy policy.















