

matt garrett's car collection home page






matt
garrett  -  dallas texas  -  214-878-3823

 

youtube channel;


https://www.youtube.com/@gm-classics
you can email me at 
cadillacman@mcsmk8.com
click any car for more information 
and  tons of photos!




welcome to
	www.gm-classics.com.   a 
	site dedicated to rare and interesting cars from the 50s to the 90s.   
	these cars are part of the matt garrett car collection in dallas. this is 
	my personal car collection put online, a 30+ year effort into collecting the 
	finest examples of specific models.  thanks for stopping in!  
gm-classics building







many cars are for sale!   i am always buying too!







you can email me at cadillacman@mcsmk8.com


and now the cars! 
 
click
here 1928 model a hot rod - sbc 265 4x2 offenhauser
 1937 cadillac series 75   1939 plymouth business coupe  click
here 1968 shelby gt500-kr convertible with factory ac 1985 cadillac eldorado convertible  1977 cadillac coupe deville - as new
 1958 cadillac eldorado brougham #525 - finest of finest  
 click here for 1979 454 excalibur series iii home page
 click for 88 iroc 5 speed g92 convertible
corvettesclick
here for 1963 grand sport corvette home pageclick here for 1992 corvette convertible - new in wrapperclick here for 1992 corvette convertibleclick
here for 1988 35th anniversary home pageclick
here for 1988 callaway twin turbo roadster home page - new in wrapperclick
here for 1989 callaway twin turbo home page




click
here for zr1 home page


click here for 1990 corvette zr-1 - new in wrapper german collectibles click here for 2000 mercedes sl600 sport v12 - 7000 miles - new

 click here for mercedes sl74 v12 575hp home page
           click here for bmw 850 v12 home page
   click here for mercedes s600 v12 home page           click here for mercedes 560sl home page   click here for supercharged bmw 3 series convertible    nice fordsclick
here for ford mustang cobra svt - new in wrapper trucks-suvs
click
here for 79 jeep wagoneer home page - 28k miles - best early wagoneer on planet 2006 chevrolet 2500hd 4x4 rclb lbz duramax2004 chevrolet 2500 4x4chevrolet 3500 commercial service truck - collection service vehiclecampers, trailers and moregm-classics warehouse - collector car facilityclick
here for some past cars, many real interesting (all have have happy new owners!)click
here for random photos of the gm classics collection past and present click
here for vintage hi-fi gear

 



                                                        

      

a bit about me and my automotive insanity.

  as of 2023, i have been collecting, racing, working on, and preserving cars since 1983.   the longest car in my collection i have owned and kept since 1986.   this hobby is an ever evolving lifetime commitment that started in late 70s when i was a garage hand then grease monkey / street racer in dallas tx on the local famed forest lane.   since those days i went to school, went into it and ran a business for years that had 0 to do with cars but left me in a position to play cars within reason.  today i am much older, much smarter, much faster, semi retired and turned my hobby into a working revolving personal collection of cars.  i also own a small high end shop that is incorporated to a very high end collector car storage facility for mainly myself and close friends in the hobby.   my knowledge base on cars on the mechanical side is extensive and ever growing.  i have a very acute eye for detail and what constitutes a "complete package" on a car, and strive to do that with every car i am involved with.    the gm-classics name is on loan from the corporation and the they gave me privilege to use it do to my efforts to preserve historic cars, their history and keep the pride going.  i am not associated with the company in any way other than to keep the history alive.  above are photos and each photo is a link to its respective car.   i have about about 
	35 cars at any given time and spend tons of time seeking out the best 
	examples of mega low mile museum level vintage cars to add to the collection.  i buy my collector cars on condition first,  not price...  i pay up for the good stuff, and mediocrity is not tolerated here nor will you find anything that is of really a driver type car here.  no car i own comes from or will i trade in "auctions".   i don't play those games, i play with cars that have noted history... before auctions were around.... and i do my best to match up the car with a caretaker who gets the fact he wants as close to perfect as they come vs a warmed over car that sell overpriced on a liquor fueled saturday and disappoint on monday...    my cars are the best of the best i could find of their make/model/type and in person their condition is beyond what you see in photos.   they are all collector level, investment cars unless otherwise noted.  i turn away about 250 cars i look at hard for every one you see on my site.  to even be one of those 250, the car has to be special to begin with.  you can consider me a professional filter of the finest examples of these type cars known. i make that my duty and nothing you see here has come easy, nothing lands in your lap.... and no little old lady ever owned cars like this.....   lots of work 
	between the constant hunt and maintaining what is in captivity!  i actually like the cadillacs 
	best of all, mainly due to my extensive experience with them, but have an 
	open mind to all types of cars and own more non-cadillac than cadillacs. i 
	have a few others that deserve some credit that are not pictured here and 
	will get them here soon along with some updates on a few pictured here. 
	thanks for looking and feel free to email me with criticisms, questions or 
	compliments, but most of all thanks for stopping by!some personal views;original vs. restored  old vs. new.  what cars to own? - matt garrett's views - click herewhy cadillacs? - matt garrett's views - click hereinfo on the photosyoutube channel;
https://www.youtube.com/@gm-classicsthank you for visiting;214-878-3823
many cars are for sale!   i am always buying too!you can email me at cadillacman@mcsmk8.com

gm-classics.com has no affiliation with the general motors corporation - this is a private car collection, not a dealership. 