







ludlow: visitor information, events, where to eat, accommodation, things to do, history

























ludlowabout ludlowa guide to ludlowhistorythe welsh marchesludlow's buildingsludlow castlest laurence'sparking & travelmap of ludlowthings to doin ludlownear  ludlowwalkingcyclingfishinggolfhorse ridingludlow racesmillennium greenplay areaswhere to stayhotels & b&bs in ludlowhotels & b&bs outside ludlowholiday cottages in ludlowholiday cottages near ludlowcamping & caravanseat & drinkcafes & restaurantspubs, inns & barseventsevents this monthadd your eventvisitor information enquirieswebsite enquiries












ludlow
"the perfect historic town"

ludlow with st. laurence's church



a town full of history
a walk through ludlow's main streets and quiet lanes is to experience over 900 years of history. 
ludlow's history

broad street, ludlow



ludlow castle
ludlow castle is one of the most interesting castles in the marches, in a dominant and imposing position high above the river teme.see more

ludlow castle


broadgate, ludlow


the buttercross, ludlow



the shropshire hills
situated on the edge of the shropshire hills, an area of outstanding natural beauty, ludlow is the perfect base to explore this glorious area.
places to visit near ludlow

cardingmill valley, church stretton



an area full of history
with many beautiful  historic buildings in and near ludlow, the area is a fantastic place to step back in time.see more

stokesay castle


ludford bridge, ludlow



ironbridge gorge
ironbridge gorge museums are a series of museums, spread along the banks of the river severn. the ironbridge gorge is a unesco world heritage site.

more things to do near ludlow

ironbridge, shropshire







welcome to ludlow





ludlow
ludlow is a thriving medieval market town and an architectural gem with a lively community feel, busy with events and festivals throughout the year. the historic town centre and the 11th century ludlow castle are situated on a cliff above the river teme and are surrounded by the beautiful countryside of south shropshire and the welsh marches. ludlow is an excellent base for walking and cycling; as well as exploring the rest of shropshire and the welsh marches.ludlow has a reputation for the quality of its food and drink with many excellent restaurants and cafes encouraged by the areas abundance of quality food & drink producers. this is showcased every september when the town is filled with food lovers from all over the uk, and beyond for the ludlow food and drink festival















featured accommodation






ludlow



a bustling market town






things to do in ludlow
ludlow has many things to offer - from walking the streets of this historic town and visiting ludlow castle and st laurence's church, to a meal at one of ludlow's restaurants. ludlow is also noted for the many events and festivals that take place throughout the year, from the annual medieval christmas fayre and the famed ludlow food and drink festival.view our list of some of the things to do in ludlow or our list of events in ludlowludlow and the surrounding area offers a great variety of accommodation to suit all tastes and budgets. please visit our accommodation pages for more details.















events in ludlow






food & drink
there is no shortage of good eating places in and around ludlow, at all levels and to suit all tastes and budgets. many top chefs have been attracted to the area because of the excellent supply of raw materials, resulting in frequent reviews in both restaurant guides and national papers. but it's not just gourmet meals that ludlow excels in. at all kinds of eating establishments from the simplest cafe or pub upwards, you will be far more likely to experience really good quality food that is locally sourced than almost anywhere else in britain. visit our where to eat page.






walking
ludlow is situated on the edge of the shropshire hills area of outstanding natural beauty. it is an ideal base for walking and walkers wishing to explore the hills, valleys and forests of the marches. ludlow also offers gentler walking opportunities into the surrounding countryside, and whitcliffe common, with its panoramic views, overlooks the castle and town - is an essential visit for any newcomer to ludlow. visit our walking in ludlow page.






shropshire



and the surrounding area






the surrounding area
ludlow is a good base to explore this area from: within an hour (often much less), you can experience the delights of shrewsbury, shropshire's county town; the cathedral city of hereford; the south shropshire hills such as the longmynd, caer caradoc, the stiperstones and wenlock edge; sample real herefordshire cider and perry; visit ironbridge, the birthplace of the industrial revolution and an unesco world heritage site; or explore the uncrowded hills and valleys of mid-wales.more information about what's nearby to ludlow.











ludlow by john creber
i love those crumbling castle walls,the old half-timbered shops and halls,and how the streets go tumbling downto riverbanks around the town.the festivals, the market square, the medieval christmas fayre.i love those lazy long weekends -good company, good food - good friendsjohn creber




links
eventscontactadvertise



about
the ludlow website by britprint.comâ© britprint.com ltd. 2009 - 2025 disclaimer privacy and cookie policy


share 
search















