









camp van vac - burntside lake resort in ely, minnesota
































skip to main content


























 







 


 home
 about
 cabins
 reservations
 news
 amenities
 contact













 home
 about
 cabins
 reservations








 news
 amenities
 contact

 




































 
        breathtaking sunsets right from camp!    







 
        we keep it simple at camp van vac......and that is a good thing!    







 
        burntside lake: clear water & 100 islands    







 
        we have some of the best fishing in the area....and some of the biggest smiles too!    







 
        you'll keep coming back year after year!    












        camp van vac - on burntside lake    take your family away to a log cabin by the lake at the edge of the wilderness. or maybe to a little cottage made of fieldstone with a perfect view of the minnesota sunset. camp van vac has 25 rustic cabins on the shore of burntside lake in the superior national forest at the doorstep of the boundary waters canoe area. 
summer trails are bordered with fern and blueberries. lucky travelers may spot moose, bear, and the elusive wolf in a drive up the echo trail. come in june for the fields of purple lupine and orange hawkweed. in the fall when children are back in school you can find a week or a weekend of solitude among bright leaves and crisp, sunny days.


video courtesy of martin ouimet



        celebrating 100 years!    


    
        view stories & photos    
    








        latest news    









boundary waters named 'dark sky sanctuary'

 





spring 2018 news

 





thanks to camp's spring 2018 work weekenders

 













        address    


  
2714 van vac laneely, minnesota 55731 





        contact us    


  
(218) 365-3782 

 

  
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 






        get our newsletter    










subscribe







©

camp van vac. all rights reserved.


 



