












 lord lucan.com the official website for the missing 7th earl of lucan. 











         the complete lord
      lucan mystery 














welcome to lord lucan.com. 
				i believe lord lucan is still alive and living in africa and that he's made a number of visits to the uk in the 
				last 25 years.
			 this website is
                hosted in the usa and administered from luanda angola, africa.

















follow lord lucan on twitter.com
			 
 












i believe lord lucan is alive and living in either south
  america or africa, possibly canada or the usa. i also believe he remained in
  the uk for 2 days after the murder of his children's nanny before being flown
  out of the country from headcorn kent, arranged by james goldsmith and
  john aspinall who
  were such good and true friends to lord lucan. the plane was headed for the south of france where arrangements were then made for the next
  stage to africa in dec 1974, his 
first visit back to uk was in 1985.



 







 
































      the mystery of lord lucan the 7th
      earl of lucan
at 9.45pm on the night of 7th november 1974, a
          distressed and bloodstained woman burst into the bar of the
          plumber’s arms, lower belgrave street, crying out "help me,
          help me, help me. i’ve just escaped from being murdered. he’s in
          the house. he’s murdered the nanny!" she was the countess of
          lucan, who had fled from her home at number
          46, leaving behind her three children. she was obviously the
          victim of a serious assault, and the police and an ambulance were
          called to the scene. the police officers who arrived to investigate
          found a substantial house with a ground floor, a basement and four
          upper floors. forcing open the front door, they searched the premises,
          and found the children in their bedrooms, unharmed. the door to the
          basement was open. there was no light in the hall, so they fetched
          a flashlight. they descended the stairs to the breakfast room, and
          found the walls splashed with blood, a pool of blood on the floor,
          with some male footprints in it, and, near the door connecting the
          breakfast room to the kitchen, a bloodstained sack. the top of the
          sack was folded over but not fastened. inside was the corpse of sandra
          rivett, the children’s' nanny. she had been battered to death with a
          blunt instrument. in the hallway was a length of lead piping, covered
          in surgical tape, very bent out of shape and heavily bloodstained. the
          back door was unlocked.
when lady lucan was able to make a statement to the police she
          named her husband as her attacker and the murderer of sandra rivett.
          of lord lucan, there was no sign.
shortly after 10pm, mrs. madeleine
          floorman, a friend of the lucans,
          who lived a short distance away, was dozing in front of the tv after a
          tiring day when she was awoken by someone pressing the doorbell
          insistently. assuming it was a local youth, who had done this kind of
          thing before, she ignored it and went back to sleep. some time later,
          the phone rang. she was sure that the caller was lord lucan, but he
          sounded distressed and became incoherent. she put the phone down and
          went back to sleep. (later, some spots of what appeared to be blood
          were found on her doorstep).






at approximately 10.30 that evening, lord lucan telephoned his
          mother who lived in st john’s wood, telling her there had been a
          catastrophe at the house, and he wanted her to collect the children.
          she went straight there, found the place occupied by police, and
          informed them that the lucans were separated, the children were wards
          of court, and that lord lucan currently resided at a nearby flat. 


 she
          then took the children to her home. the police searched lord lucan’s
          flat. he was not there, but they found his car keys, passport,
          chequebook, driving licence, wallet and glasses. his blue mercedes car
          was parked outside. the battery was flat. (it had been suffering from
          battery trouble for some time).
lord lucan was driving another car that night, a ford corsair he
          had borrowed from a friend some 2-3 weeks previously. (he had, in
          fact, insisted that he wanted the car for that particular evening.) it
          was about 11.30pm when he arrived in uckfield, sussex, at the home of
          his friends ian and susan maxwell-scott. the house was 42 miles from
          lower belgrave street, a journey of about an hour at average speed,
          though he was a fast driver and might have taken less time. ian
          maxwell-scott was away, but his wife admitted lord lucan and was
          surprised to see him in disheveled daytime clothing. his flannels
          looked as though they had been stained and something sponged off.
this was lord lucan’s story, as told to susan maxwell-scott. he
          had been walking past the lower belgrave st house, and had peeped in
          through the basement window. he had seen someone struggling with his
          lady lucan in the basement kitchen. he let himself in through the
          front door and ran down the stairs. he slipped and fell in a pool of
          blood, and the man had run off. he had calmed lady lucan down and
          taken her upstairs to try and clean her up, but while he was in the
          bathroom she had run out of the house shouting "murder!". he
          had panicked, realizing things looked very bad for him, and decided to
          get out.
between that time and arriving at the
          maxwell-scotts he said had
          made three phone calls, one to mrs. floorman, one to his mother, and
          he had also tried to telephone bill shand kydd, who was married to
          lady lucan’s sister but there was no reply. mrs. maxell-scott said
          that he did not tell her where he made these calls from, but she got
          the impression they had been made after he left the house. at 12.15 he
          rang his mother from the maxwell-scotts house to check that she had
          the children, and rang bill shand kydd again, but there was no reply.
lord lucan then wrote two letters, both addressed to bill shand
          kydd at his home in bayswater. (they were posted the following day.
          the envelopes were found to have smears of blood on them. ) mrs.
          maxwell-scott tried to persuade him to remain so they could go to the
          local police the next morning, but he said he had to "get
          back". he drove away. there has been no validated sighting of him
          since.
three days after the murder, the ford corsair was found abandoned
          at newhaven. bloodstains were found inside of both type a and type b,
          also, a piece of bandaged lead piping, unstained, but very similar to
          the one found in the murder house.

read
          the whole story 
 ..... 
 
      
















please link to lord
                        lucan.com by saving this small gif banner and pasting to
                        your website.




 


						  











 



l
                o r d   l u c a n . c o m








