





fred d. pfening company – bakery equipment proof boxes flour sugar conveying













































skip to content








homeorder partscontact us 

phone: (614) 294-5361 



 











ingredient handlingdough proofingliquid meters 









 


search for:








who we are historycapabilitiesengineeringmanufacturinginstallation and commissioningtechnical supportcombustible dust mitigationmarkets servedwhy pfening?product lines ingredient handling systemsbulk dry ingredient handlingminor and micro ingredient handlingliquid ingredient handlingcontrolsdough proofing systemsrack and monorail final proof boxesproofing conditioning systemsfermentation rooms and dough retarder roomsliquid metersenviro-blenderdata sheetsliquid meter manualsinsightscareers



 









home pageadmin2024-09-17t11:47:47+00:00

we are pfening.a fourth-generation and family-owned business, in continuous business since 1919. we proudly serve the baking and food industries with equipment and systems to support our customers’ growth and success.
always adhering to our customer first philosophy has made pfening a valued partner and is why many of our customers have been with us for several decades. we actively listen to fully understand their vision and plan. by seeing the big picture, we can deliver a comprehensive, customized solution for every budget and need – large and small.
our core products
automatic ingredient handling systems
engineered dry and liquid systems for bulk, minor, and micro ingredients. we deliver comprehensive projects from concept to startup. in-house manufacturing, custom plc control & batching systems ensure ease of operation, accurate recipes and high reliability.
learn more
enviro blender
the pfening enviro-blender is a green machine that delivers water at the correct weight and temperature to a mixer with no waste.
learn moredough proofing systems
we supply rack and monorail proof boxes, fermentation and dough retarder rooms, and air systems for automatic proofers.
learn moreliquid meters
our liquid meters measure water, oil, liquid sugar, and brine within 0.2% of the desired weight.
learn morehigh speed batching mixers with advanced food systems




 
 





 
call us


phone: (614) 294-5361
fax: (614) 294-1633
toll free: (866) 733-6464


 

email us sales:
sales@pfening.com
parts orders:
pfeningparts@pfening.com 


 

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024 fred d. pfening company	



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area














 
 
page load link









go to top




