
















chickenhawk express







































































chickenhawk express



never give up! never surrender!




















search this blog

























































































monday, january 25, 2016







trump did not fill the void, rush





i am a loyal regular listener of the lovable little fuzzball, rush limbaugh. i get it when he makes comments just to tick off the media and leftists. i like his insights and his take on the day to day political issues.  i was a bit annoyed when rush kept talking about trump but figured that he was just loving someone giving it back to the media and speaking out for a change.

but today - today rush went on a tear in his opening 30 minutes that had me jumping out of my office chair and racing to my car to get my bluetooth headset so i could try to get through on the show. and it wasn't going to be a happy dittohead call.

rush was speaking about why he believes that trump is so popular...
"if the republican party had actually been opposed to obama and acted like it, the vacuum would not have existed making it much more difficult for trump.  when somebody comes in, enters a race, and is the only person from the outset that is voicing opposition to the status quo and is identifying with people and their feelings about it and their thoughts about it and is telling that he wants it to stop, why wouldn't people support that one voice? 

then the primaries get going and ted cruz joins that chorus.  you got two people, maybe rubio, but the other establishment republicans, they've had their moments, but it's not something that the republican party has identified with, opposing obama.  not by republican voters."

wait just a minute - trump was not the only one voicing opposition to the status quo, etc. ted cruz was fighting against the establishment before trump decided to become a republican.  cruz was the one standing literally alone on the senate floor, fighting for the very things that the voters elected him to do at his own peril/detriment.  and cruz was the first candidate to announce his run for the nomination - march 23, 2015, not trump.

to make things worse, trump is mocking ted cruz for being "hated".  yes he is hated - hated because he refused to "go with the crowd" in the senate and called a liar a "liar" on the senate floor. trump actually said...

"you know what? there's a point at which: let's get to be a little establishment," trump told the crowd at the south point resort and casino. "we've got to get things done folks, ok? believe me, don't worry. we're going to make such great deals."
 
snip
"guys like ted cruz will never make a deal because he's a strident guy," trump said, pushing back against the idea that collaboration is a dirty word. he pointed to the famous relationship between republican president ronald reagan and democratic house speaker tip o'neill in the 1980s. "that's what the country's about really, isn't it?"


dear.martha....this is what we conservatives have railed against for at least 8 years!!! deals?  deals?? d.e.a.l.s.??????????????? 

we.don't.need.no.stinkin'.deals!!!!

yes i know that rush has had some exceptional things to say about cruz but it pales in comparison to the hours of "trump talk" on rush's show.  i just don't get it - i really don't. 

rush started talking about playing the long game to defeat liberalism but i don't agree with that plan.  if the world goes to hell in a handbasket during the reign of "president trump", we will never win another presidential election. it will not matter whose fault the meltdown is - it will only matter that a non-establishment republican was in charge. why waste this moment and put all our trust into a candidate that can't even make up his own mind regarding what he believes in?

ted cruz has not only talked the talk, he has walked the walk. he has earned our trust and he deserves our support!!





posted by



robin




at

9:52 pm



3 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, january 19, 2016







another deal maker?  not if i have anything to do with it!





i am a cruz supporter - i decided to support him from the moment i heard his announcement speech but i had followed him since he was running for the senate.  i had trump listed as my backup.  i thought trump was an asset to the race - an attention grabber who didn't speak politically correct bullcrap.

the past few weeks have me rethinking about my backup choice.  the trump attacks against cruz were annoying at first but i figured it was simply "politics".  then came all the birther crap coupled with the personal attacks.  those really stuck in my craw but still had trump as my #2 man.

trump then blasted cruz for calling mcconnell out on the senate floor.  trump said that he wouldn't be like that - that he knows how to make deals and get along with people.  hello!!!??? isn't that what we have been fighting against for the past 8 years??  a congress that decided that reaching across the aisle and getting along was more important than doing what they were elected to do?  reaching backroom deals that were killing our country while smiling and telling us how they had no choice?  yet trump still has a majority of support?  has the world gone mad?

today trump said that he supported ethanol subsidies - not just supported them but wanted to increase them.  people this is big government at its worst!  it is another taxpayer funded scam that lines the pockets of big business while literally doing nothing for alternative fuel research. this is not a conservative position no matter how you try to spin it.  not to mention that trump was reading from a prepared script and i doubt he knows what all those abbreviations actually mean.

trump is also touting that establishment members from the left and the right are contacting him about giving him their support.  what.the.hell?? this is what we want in a candidate??

not me - i don't want a progressive in conservative clothing.  i want a true conservative who not only says the right things but does the right things. the one that has stuck by his beliefs even when it was not popular. it may not be "hip"or "cool" but that is what is going to get our country back on track. 

i'm not willing to make a deal on the backs of my grandchildren's future not matter what "mama grizzly" says.  it's a deal breaker for me.







posted by



robin




at

8:54 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, august 21, 2014








about that absurd caliphate theory...





since the attacks of september 11, 2001, most of us have fretted about another attack against our country. even after obama took office with his claims of "healing the world" and "bringing all religions together" from his speech in egypt, those of us that were not bedazzled by this mtv president fretted about what could be coming in the way of islamic terrorists.  warning after warning - report after report, were just pooh-poohed away as conspiracy theory or tinfoil hat craziness.  it got worse after osama bin laden was killed - no matter what went on in the middle east, it was irrelevant because obama killed bin laden.

glenn beck started speaking out about the islamic caliphate in 2011 (he may have spoken of it before but that is when i really started listening to him.)  he was ridiculed to the ends of the earth and back.  it was a running joke in liberal, and even conservative circles, about beck and his crazy conspiracy theory.

from firedoglake 2/21/2011
foremost among beck’s critics is the neoconservative william kristol who said: “when glenn beck rants about the caliphate taking over the middle east from morocco to the philippines, and lists (invents?) the connections between caliphate-promoters and the american left, he brings to mind no one so much as robert welch and the john birch society. he’s marginalizing himself, just as his predecessors did back in the early 1960s.” richard lowry of the national review echoed kristol’s criticism, to wit: “a well-deserved shot at glenn beck’s latest wild theorizing.” david brooks opined on beck’s “delusional ravings about the caliphate coming back…for the first time, you began to see a lot of really serious conservatives taking on beck and people like that, and saying, you know, your theories are just wacky.”

from liberal blogs to the colbert report, the caliphate theory was something to laugh at and mock.

from mediaite 2/15/2011:
after playing a clip of beck stating that a “a global caliphate is coming,” but then later clarifying that he did not “know when” or “if it will (even) happen,” colbert put beck’s fears in proper (and absurd) perspective, sayin, “and the conspiracies that we know are coming but might never happen are the most dangerous. because if they might never happen, how will we know if they stopped it.

in the summer of 2011, john brennan, the top anti-terrorist advisor to president obama gave a speech on the us middle east strategy after bin laden took his trip to hell. brennan had this to say about the caliphate theory...

from the daily caller -
“i’m not talking about al-qaida’s grandiose vision of global domination through a violent islamic caliphate,” brennan explained. “that vision is absurd, and we are not going to organize our counter-terrorist polices against a feckless delusion that is never going to happen.”


who. is. crazy. now??

the butchering of american james foley by members of the "religion of peace" in syria has finally opened the eyes of some people.  well, except for the president of the united states, who interrupted his continuous golf game just long enough to make a "strongly worded statement" about foley's murder which i'm sure had the jihadists quaking in their boots...

today chuck hagel, the inept secretary of defense, pronounced that isis (or isil or whatever these bastards are calling themselves today) is "as sophisticated and well-funded as any group we have seen."

hagel went on to say... "they are an imminent threat to every interest we have, whether it's in iraq or anywhere else," 

i just about pulled out a handful of my hair when i read that.  where the heck have you been chuck?  better yet, where the hell has our president and his entire administration been?  this is not just some new issue that popped up on the radar!!!!  this has been building since we pulled everyone out of iraq, really gained steam during the syrian "civil war" and since june has been barreling through iraq.

this "awakening" is a bit late for the victims of the christian genocide in the middle east or the yazidis stuck on the mountains in sinjar.  it's too late for james foley.  i pray to god that it is not too late for the usa.









posted by



robin




at

8:11 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, august 19, 2014








setting the record straight - go get 'em rick!











posted by



robin




at

2:49 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, august 17, 2014








new black panther party, malik zulu shabazz & capt johnson - a strange mix in ferguson





like everyone else across social media, i've been following the situation in ferguson. my heart breaks for the loss of a young man with his whole life ahead of him. my heart breaks for the family that lost their son. my heart also breaks for the police officer that shot mike brown and his family.  most of all my heart breaks for the destruction and violence done in the name of "justice".


when capt ron johnson of the missouri highway patrol took over the situation in ferguson, i was truly impressed.  he displayed an attitude of respect for the grief and anger while maintaining a firm control of the situation.  taking down the "armed police presence" a few notches was a good thing.  

but now i'm starting to get a gut feeling about the capt.  it all started when he had the officers stand down during the massive looting and destruction of property on friday night. when he praised the new black panthers and stood with malik zulu shabazz, my "something's not quite right" meter pegged the red line.



i came across many interesting tidbits regarding the new black panther party and its members while researching info for my books.  it's not the kind of organization that is known for "tamping down the fires" in a situation like ferguson.  the same goes for malik zulu shabazz.



here's a bit of information on malik zulu shabazz from the southern poverty law center - not exactly a bastion of right wing nuttery...



although he's sometimes identified in the mainstream media as a mere "legal adviser" or "community organizer," malik shabazz is a racist black nationalist with a long, well-documented history of violently anti-semitic remarks and accusations about the inherent evil of white people. he is also particularly skilled at orchestrating provocative protests. ousted from the nation of islam after he became an embarrassment even to that hard-line group, shabazz went on to take up the leadership of the new black panther party.




"kill every goddamn zionist in israel! goddamn little babies, goddamn old ladies! blow up zionist supermarkets!"

— speech during protest of b'nai b'rith international, washington, d.c., 2002




in october 2007, about 100 nbpp members from across the country gathered in atlanta for the national black power summit, co-billed as the attack on black america. “our rise is co-dependent on the white man’s demise,” shabazz said in a scalding keynote address. “what do i mean when i say, ‘the white man’?” he asked. “well, i mean the goddamn white man.” arguing that overt signs of white racism like the jena 6 case in louisiana are just cause for black americans to become militant, shabazz discouraged the idea of “waiting” for racial tensions to ease, saying “that sounds like faggot talk, and i hate faggot talk.”



since 2007, shabazz has increasingly identified himself as the head of the black lawyers for justice, instead of the nbpp that he still leads. nevertheless, during a march in west virginia related to the williams case, shabazz publicly reaffirmed his commitment to the nbpp. "i will always be a part of the new black panther party," he said. "i am not going to deny my family for anybody."



here's a piece from an interview malik zulu shabazz gave to final call in march 2005 - a publication of louis farrakhan's nation of islam...




am: what would the perfect world of the new black panther party look like?



ms: the perfect world for us would be the vision of the honorable marcus mosiah garvey and the vision of the honorable elijah muhammad and even according to the 10-point program of the panthers from the ’60s. our perfect world, of course, is a nation of our own. we want our own land, factories and farms. we are tired of demonstrating against police brutality year after year, month after month, “please treat us right. stop discriminating against us.” it seems almost impossible to achieve real justice within the confines of white racist america. so, the perfect world, of course, is a black nation. the perfect world for us would be the honorable louis farrakhan as our president and a congress with our best politicians, scholars, researchers, thinkers and activists working under a divine chain of command.




and who could forget the new black panther party offering up a bounty for george zimmerman in the trayvon martin case in sanford fl?  here's a snip from malik zulu shabazz while he was discussing the nbpp's plans for sanford in april 2012...



you touch us with what we are building for black people and you got a hell of a price to pay. you don’t build a movement – if you don’t develop a movement and defend what you develop with a movement then you gonna be out of luck. so we gotta do both my sista. we got to fight on all fronts. we got to build and in self-defense we got to kill.



so i'm wondering why would capt. johnson stand shoulder to shoulder with the new black panther party and malik zulu shabazz.  if they are there to keep the peace and assist the community in a positive way without agitating an extremely tense situation - great!  but based on their histories, that's not what they do. mix in a little bit of al sharpton and you've got a lot of pot-stirrers in ferguson.



case in point - last evening gateway pundit posted a video on his blog of the nbpp leading the protestors in a chant before their protest march.  here's the chant...




what do we want?

darren wilson

how do we want him?

dead




i don't know about you but that just doesn't seem like the best way to keep the peace and send a positive message to the protestors...



it's going to be interesting to see how this all plays out. i pray that i am wrong about malik zulu shabazz and the nbpp.  unfortunately the combined history of those involved doesn't leave me feeling very optimistic.  



as for capt ron johnson, i'll sit back and see what happens.  he's starting to come across as though he likes the attention the media is giving him.  i wonder if he is already thinking about running for office as so many pundits have suggested?



and about those looters - nothing says "justice" like making off with a crapload of hair extensions...













posted by



robin




at

7:51 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, august 16, 2014








bad optics?  how about just total lack of respect!





at a press briefing on thursday 8/14/14, president obama announced that "u.s.-led airstrikes have broken the siege by islamic militants against religious minorities who were trapped on a mountain in northern iraq -- but made clear the u.s. mission in the region is not over yet."  he also spoke about the police shooting in ferguson and the subsequent looting/violent protests.

when the press briefing was completed, the president headed out for another round of golf. according to politico...
on thursday, he went from the podium where he delivered the statement on ferguson to the vineyard golf club faster than a ball driven by a 3-wood.

obama departed the edgartown school at 1 p.m. four minutes later, he had arrived at the course.


meanwhile at arlington national cemetery, the first u.s. army general to die in an overseas conflict since vietnam was laid to rest. maj gen harold greene died on aug. 5 when an afghan soldier opened fire at u.s. personnel at an afghan military academy near kabul.
seated at the front of the ceremony was his widow, susan myers, a retired army colonel; his son, first lt. matthew greene; his daughter, amelia greene, and his father, harold f. greene.





 defense secretary chuck hagel was at the service as was the army chief of staff, gen. ray odierno. 





where was vp biden? on vacation. where was president obama? golfing.

via twitter:

to those who asked: yes, obama was, in fact, on course at vineyard golf club during gen. greene's funeral.
— byron york (@byronyork) august 16, 2014 



but let's give the president a break - he did mention the death of the major general briefly during a speech at fort belvoir, va on august 7th.  not to mention that he needed a little r&r after a night of dancing/partying at vernon jordan's house on wed. night.





amazingly bad optics is one thing - a total lack of respect for maj gen greene and his family is another. but this shouldn't surprise anyone - it's been the tone of the entire "selfie" obama administration.



may god bless the family and loved ones of maj gen greene. and a heartfelt thank you for the 34 years of service to our country maj gen greene. 







posted by



robin




at

10:06 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, august 06, 2014








the silence on the genocide in iraq is deafening





i previously posted about the genocide of christians in iraq and the lack of media attention.  there has been a slight uptick in media reporting but the extermination of iraqi christians is still not receiving the attention that it should. 

reports are out this week of another non-islam religious group that is being targeted in iraq.  the yezidis, who live primarily in sinjar in kurdistan, are the latest target of the caliphate seeking murderous bastards of isis. in addition to killing approximately 100 men, the terrorists have taken women for "jihad" marriage and stolen children away from families. unicef said that 40 children have been killed in the attacks against the yezidis. the ones that were able to get away with their lives are now living in the deserts and mountains with no drinking water.  like a christian-less mosul, there are no yezidis in sinjar.

meanwhile, the humanitarian crisis for the christians and the yezidis gets worse day by day.  many are dying of hunger and thirst.  the extreme heat has also taken innocent lives.  isis has cut power and water off to all areas that are not under their control.

have you heard anything about this on the news???  i searched for a statement from the white house but could only find a read-out of a meeting of chaldean and assyrian community representatives in the us with ben rhodes, the deputy national security advisor for strategic communications.  whoo-wee - that's what i call taking it to the top dog in the administration (insert sarcasm tag here).  i mean the iraqi christian representatives didn't even merit a meeting with the white house chef, who has about as much influence as ben rhodes.  obama can't even muster up enough outrage to send out a written press release, much less meet with these christian leaders. even the kidnapped girls in nigeria rated a hashtag on twitter.  the members of any non-islam religion in iraq don't even rate that. that should pretty much tell you how concerned obama is about the annihilation of all religions except for islam in iraq.

according to christianity today, the catholic bishops in england and wales have selected august 9th as a day of prayer for the iraqi christians.  catholic patriarch louis raphael sako, the head of iraq's largest church, composed a prayer for peace for iraqis wanting to pray for the christians...

"lord, the plight of our country is deep and the suffering of christians is severe and frightening. therefore, we ask you lord to spare our lives, and to grant us patience and courage to continue our witness of christian values with trust and hope.  lord, peace is the foundation of life; grant us the peace and stability that will enable us to live with each other without fear and anxiety, and with dignity and joy.  glory be to you forever."

this prayer can be modified for those of us not living in iraq - or you can say any type of prayer that comes to mind.  the most important thing those of us so far away can do is pray.  the 2nd most important thing is to raise our voices so the world steps up and stands up.  there are several organizations that are collecting money to help with this humanitarian devastation - i am not listing them here as i have not checked them out thoroughly to ensure they are on the up and up.

our world is on fire thanks to that so-called religion of peace and the silence of those with the power to end this reign of terror, is deafening.











posted by



robin




at

8:21 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, july 30, 2014








the genocide that is getting minimal attention 





the world continues to burn - israel is defending itself from terrorists, the un and the obama administration, russia continues to fight against ukraine, the obama administration is sending illegal alien "children" en mass to states without even notifying the governors (lots of states with republican governors - hmmmm).

meanwhile, there is a genocide going on in iraq that has received very little media attention, minimal condemnation from the un, literally nothing from the obama administration and doesn't even have a twitter hashtag campaign.  it is a genocide against christians by that so-called religion of peace and the terrorists of isis (or isil or whatever the hell these disgusting pos are calling themselves now).

mosul is rich with christian history and was once the home of the largest christian population in iraq. now for the first time in the history of iraq, there are literally no christians in mosul. the "islamic state" declared that non-muslims who wanted to continue to live in the "caliphate" had 3 choices - convert to islam, pay the jizya (a tax paid by non-muslims - like protection money to the mob) or the sword.  well the exact wording from the islamic state leader abu bakr al-baghdadi was "if they refuse they will have nothing but the sword". 



the homes of the christians were marked with a the arabic symbol for christians (sounds like the nazis with their marking of jewish homes with the star of david).


a house in mosul tagged with the arabic letter “nun” for “nassara” (christians in arabic) and another with “property of the islamic state”.

 property was seized - homes, vehicles, possessions (including fingers cut off for the rings) - by the terrorists. the mosque of the prophet younis (jonah) was destroyed. churches have been burned, the 1800 year old mar behnam monastery was seized and an orthodox cathedral was turned into a mosque. 



mosul chaldean cathedral burned down by isis

people were forced to leave with only what they were wearing - everything else became property of the "islamic state".  some christians- that were too old or infirm to leave- converted to islam in order to live.

it's hard to find condemnation from the usual bastions of bloviating condemnation such as the un.  take this statement from the special representative of the un secretary-general for iraq, nickolay mladenov...

"the systematic persecution of minorities, the destruction of cultural heritage and the obliteration of some of iraq's most ancient landmarks, sacred to both islam and christianity, show isil's total contempt for human values.  such acts must be unequivocally condemned both by the international community and iraq's political, religious and civic leaders"

"this most recent outrage is yet another demonstration of the terrorist group's intention to shatter iraq's shared heritage and identity", mr. mladenov further stated, adding that isil members' horrific crimes, including torching and destroying churches and mosques, as well as other symbols of mosul, should further urge iraq's political elite to set aside their differences and restore their country's integrity."

ouch - that's gonna leave a mark.  i saw more outrage from the un when the iraqis were looting saddam's palaces back during the early moments of the iraq war.  meanwhile the un gave hamas back those missiles that were being stored in the un schools in gaza.

i have yet to locate any specific statement made by president obama regarding the genocide of the christians in iraq.  the blaze did have a statement from steven feldstein, deputy assistant secretary with the bureau of democracy, human rights and labor...

“persecution of christians and other minority groups is a top priority for us,” feldstein said. the state department had already obligated over $136 million to iraqis in the 2014 fiscal year.
“we’re meeting with those in vulnerable communities, religious representatives and leaders in the region,” feldstein said. “we’re looking to fully engage to the extent possible to assist those who have been persecuted by isil.”

pretty mealy-mouthed if you ask me. but what do you expect from an administration that chastises israel but forks over billions in us taxpayer money to hamas.

instead of sending illegal alien gangbangers to the various states in order to change the voter demographics, maybe we should be giving refuge to the iraqi christians. i think they meet the criteria for refugee status - much more so that those serving as mules or distractions for the drug cartels.

and just a reminder to those dismissing this genocide as part of the natural order of the world in these times -

"in his daily homily pope francis reflected on the end times, saying that faith will be increasingly pushed out of the public square and that persecution of christians is a "prophecy" of what is to come" - 11/28/13.

please pray for the safety and freedom of christians throughout the world.




photos from barenakedislam





posted by



robin




at

9:38 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, july 17, 2014








a day of death & destruction but obama got a great burger





today has been a tragic sad day.  the murder of 298 people aboard the malaysian airlines flight over the ukraine is just unbelievable.  the initial images coming out via twitter and the internet were horrific and just broke my heart.  rather than re-post all the news coverage, i've highlighted a couple of links that contain the most current info.

first of all is the overall news coverage from fox news...
malaysia airlines passenger jet shot down over ukraine, 298 dead

the daily mail uk has footage from a mobile phone that purports to be the russia separatist group marveling over their handiwork in the murder...
'that was a blast - look at the smoke': sick boast of the laughing rebels as they 'saw mh17 hit by missile' - hours after leader boasted: 'we warned you - do not fly in our sky'

while the news of the tragedy in the ukraine was breaking, news came out of israel that the idf had launched their group offensive to root out the murderous hamas thugs in gaza.
israel launches large-scale ground operation in gaza strip


president obama left the white house to attend a photo-op at a diner in delaware followed up by a speech about how our roads and bridges are crumbling due to the slacktivity of the gop. (i thought the stimulus and son of stimulus where supposed to take care of our infrastructure??)

obama did manage to address the malaysian airlines terrorist attack as he began his speech in delaware. he said it "may be a terrible tragedy". 

wtf??  may be?
by the time he gave his speech, it was confirmed that at least 295 people had been murdered including the possibility that 23 americans were aboard the flight and all he can muster up is may be???

the daily mail nailed obama on his response to the terrorist attack with this headline -
'it looks like it may be a terrible tragedy': obama goes awol again with just 40-second mention of malaysian plane crash feared to have killed americans before his jokey 16-minute transport speech

even piers morgan tweeted his offense at the president's remarks.  when you've lost piers morgan...

over at pj media, myra adams wondered "what would cause president obama to cancel a fundraiser?"

while all the death and destruction going on around the world, here at home we still have the irs scandal, overflowing borders with a medical crisis looming, a violation of the hatch act by one of obama's minions and just a plethora of issues.  the world is not just simmering - it's on fire.  god knows what the ramifications will be once the guilty party is determined in the murder of 298 innocents over the ukraine.  it doesn't bode well and frankly it scares the hell out of me. 

but it's all good cause our "divorced from reality" president is attending photo-ops and fundraisers and getting an awesome burger to fill his hungry tummy in delaware. oh and throw a few more fist bumps...




does he even give a crap anymore?  i don't think so - but i've thought that for years. 

on a side note - i was listening to glenn beck when he broke the news about the malaysian airliner today.  i popped onto drudge to see what was happening and then posted a blurb to facebook to pray for the souls involved and for calm among the leaders  at the very moment i hit "post", the framed print of the serenity prayer, hanging on a wall in my office, fell off the wall with no one near it.  i was worried and scared before that happened but now i'm downright petrified of what may be coming. 

continue to pray for those affected by today's events and pray for our country. there are never too many prayers.






posted by



robin




at

9:15 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, july 10, 2014







need money for the immigration disaster?  why not use the foreign aid? updated





scroll down for updates
the media is abuzz about president obama's request for 3.7 billion dollars in emergency funds to assist with the border disaster that he himself created.  wtf??  we are way over our heads in debt, entitlement programs are bleeding us dry and the economy continues to suck pond water - where are we gonna get that money from?  are we just gonna swipe our nation's credit card through the scanner and pray that the chinese don't deny our charging privileges?

it got me thinking. what could we do to kill 2 birds with one stone - get the emergency funds without raising our deficit for the millionth time. then it hit me - what about all the damned money we send to the very same countries shipping their kids (and criminals) to the united states?  according to the congressional research service, the proposed amount of federal aid for fiscal year 2013 that was earmarked for central america is 350.3 million dollars!  guatemala alone was slated for 93.6 million while el salvador was due 41.8 million. if you include the money that we were supposed to fork over to mexico, the total jumps to 619.8 million.

now i realize that is not enough to foot the bill totally but it's a great start.  after all, the aid money is supposed to be used to "combat trafficking in persons", "promote the rule of law and good governance" and "to control the borders".  i think the current crisis falls under all of those items plus more.  why do we need to send our hard earned money to all these other countries anyway?  no one sends the usa any money to help bail us out of this hell-hole of debt.  yes, i know that's silly to believe that our tax dollars should stay here in the usa to help the people who actually earn the money...

i did come across an article on the heritage website - which i usually agree 100% with - that addressed why removing the foreign aid would cause problems and destabilize our security in the long run.

"when used wisely, foreign aid is a key national security tool. it ensures u.s. partnerships, promotes like-minded democratic institutions, and provides the u.s. with leverage abroad. congress should understand that as security conditions in the region continue to deteriorate, cutting foreign aid would undermine the u.s.’s security interests."

meh - right now our main concern should be the threat to our security from the thousands of illegals (not just kids making the trek and holding up in those dhs shelters) spilling across our border.  not to mention the gangbangers and illegals from yemen or pakistan that are crossing along with the rest of the crowd.

then i found this little tidbit from a link at freerepublic...

the southern border program to improve passage, will provide for more border checkpoints along mexico's border with guatemala, and offer more protection and even emergency medical care to those making their way north. the illegal aliens will receive a so-called regional visitor's card, according to el universal.

still researching to see if the southern border program to improve passage is the real deal or another internet conspiracy theory so take it with a grain of salt.

anyway - let's quit sending the money to the central american countries who don't give a rats' ass about the sovereignty of the united states.  we can use the funds to send their citizens back to live within their borders instead of our own.  and once we send them back - make sure we lock the door and only allow legal immigration. our doors are open but only if you obey the rules to get across the threshold.

update:
rush limbaugh talked about the southern border program to improve passage on his show friday.  today world net daily has a column about it also.  i guess i can take off the tinfoil hat cause it looks like it's the real deal.  what. a. freaking. disaster.





posted by



robin




at

9:34 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me





robin


author of a quagmire of hate: the post election liberals and warmongers & traitors: thoughts on the war with iraq. also blogged for newsbusters.org and media mythbusters. known as a bush apologist, bushbot or right wing nut. proud member of salon.com's world o'crap list of rightwing nuts.
tea party member and socialist hater.
email me at chickenhawkexpress@gmail.com

view my complete profile








daily reads


chatterbox chronicles
jihad watch
mike's america
papa mike's blog
sweetness & light
this ain't hell




blog archive




blog archive
january (2)
august (5)
july (4)
september (4)
november (1)
september (1)
april (1)
march (3)
january (1)
november (1)
september (3)
august (1)
february (1)
january (1)
december (1)
november (1)
october (2)
september (5)
august (5)
july (3)
june (3)
may (4)
march (2)
february (7)
january (12)
december (8)
november (7)
october (3)
september (12)
august (23)
july (3)
june (9)
may (4)
april (10)
march (4)
february (12)
january (5)
december (12)
november (16)
october (17)
september (27)
august (19)
july (26)
june (31)
may (9)
april (11)
march (27)
february (21)
january (15)
december (10)
november (37)
october (39)
september (32)
august (18)
july (22)
june (23)
may (26)
april (16)
march (23)
february (24)
january (36)
december (39)
november (37)
october (30)
september (58)
august (42)
july (51)
june (45)
may (58)
april (64)
march (56)
february (37)
january (48)
december (15)
november (28)
october (1)











total pageviews




































































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























