








home - champion aerospace



















































































							   


buy champion


technical support


parts search













toggle navigation






home
products

piston products

spark plugs
oil filters
slick magnetos
ignition harness
surestart booster
champion tools
toolbox tips
lightning series magneto


turbine products

igniters
exciters
ignition leads
turbine ignition systems
champion tools


power products

power converters
ups
ups loaner program
270vdc power systems


av-22 catalog


markets

piston aircraft
commercial aircraft
military aircraft
helicopter
business aircraft
industrial gas turbine


support

sales support
technical publications
parts search
authorized repair stations
product warranty
igniter reclamation program
conflict minerals declaration


careers
company

about us
media gallery

toolbox tips
product videos
champion air show media gallery
airshow photo gallery


our history
news
engineering & development
manufacturing capabilities
brand store
champion sponsorships


distributors
contact
 




 








world leader in
aerospace ignition
& power systems 
							

we strive to deliver advanced technology,  superior products,  and the highest level of support services to our customers.   
							 


world leader in
aerospace ignition
& power systems 
							

we strive to deliver advanced technology,  superior products,  and the highest level of support services to our customers.   
							 


world leader in
aerospace ignition
& power systems 
							

we strive to deliver advanced technology,  superior products,  and the highest level of support services to our customers.   
							 


world leader in
aerospace ignition
& power systems 
							

we strive to deliver advanced technology,  superior products,  and the highest level of support services to our customers.   
							 


visit store 
							visit the champion aerospace brand store! 
							

 







champion products


champion aerospace excels in aviation. we have earned a global reputation for high quality and performance-proven aviation solutions, and we’re recognized as a leader in innovation and product performance. from our extensive line of reciprocating engine spark plugs to our jet turbine engine exciters, leads, and igniters, champion product quality and technology has been recognized by aviation technicians worldwide.







piston products


the champion brand has been the industry’s gold standard for reciprocating engines and piston ignition since the evolution of powered flight.


read more





turbine products


champion has revolutionized the turbine engine ignition system with our technical advancements in exciters and ignition leads.


read more





power products


for over 100 years, we have worked to diligently to develop products that meet the needs of today’s most comprehensive military aircraft.


read more
















champion aerospace mission & quality policy





our goal is to be the preferred supplier of aerospace ignition systems and power components. we will strive to deliver superior products and services to our customers. we have a culture based on values that encourage the continual improvement of our people, products, processes, and quality system. we are dedicated to this mission.


please watch





careers at champion aerospace






looking to some spark in your career?
want to ignite your professional level?
do you need to excite your day?



click here to learn more about all the great opportunities to work with a brand that is considered to be the best in the aerospace industry.watch our video to learn more






 

 





											1230 old norris road liberty  south carolina 29657										

											1-864-843-1162										

											info@championaerospace.com										

											9 to 5 working hours										




connect














 


	champion aerospace, llc.

1230 old norris road
liberty, south carolina 29657
please click here to email champion aerospace 

resourcesvendor portal
distributor secure portal
legal/terms & conditions
customer satisfaction survey
 



© 2025 champion aerospace inc. all rights reserved. 




















































search












