








smart glass inc || glass installation, replace & repairs

















































































skip to content

smart glass inc















facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 













 
pay online



 
our guarantee




 
206-464-1444




















 















 

home
about us

mission & core values
our history
community involvement
testimonials
warranty
credit application
employment
links


residentials

shower enclosures
shower design tool
mirror
home windows
home doors
insulated glass replacement
furniture glass
storm doors & windows
glass railings
pet doors in glass
residential quote procedure
shower enclosure care & cleaning


commercial

entrances
storefront systems
curtainwall
all glass entrances & partition walls
architectural glazing
skylights & roof glazing
fire rated & security glazing
window tint & security film
service & repair
estimating & autocad


automotive

auto glass replacement
auto glass repair
web quote
services

safety system recalibration
headlight restoration
auto mirrors and wipers
rv & motor home
machinery
fleet truck dealer
classic cars
auto glass parts


auto glass warranty
resources

auto glass faq
insurance help
right to choose
windshield safety
credit application
links




showroom and retails

flat glass
plastics
obscure and speciality glass
mirrors
antique mirrors
back painted glass
table tops
insulated glass
storm windows, screens, and doors
windows and doors
retail products
edge options
glass & mirror care


contact us

let’s get started
customer feedback





































 
slide 1smart glass inc is your source for quality shower and mirror products since 1961slide 1new windows from smart glass inc can give your home that 'wow' look you want!slide 1smart glass inc can install, replace, or repair the window glass in your home! 



 











ready to order or have questions?
 










let's get started















our services
 



taking pride in providing only the very best in product and service to our field.

 







residentialsmart glass inc offers a wide variety of residential products and services geared towards the homeowner. shower enclosures, shower doors, mirrors, fogged glass, furniture glass, windows and door replacement and repair, storm doors and windows, and more.

 






read more











commercialsmart glass inc's commercial glass division provides storefronts and entrances, window glass, plate glass, mirrors, contract glazing, replacement windows, and more.


 






read more











automotivesmart glass inc is the leader in auto glass. we provide automotive services from free estimates to lifetime warranties. we can replace and repair all auto glass parts such as headlights, windshields, mirrors.
 






read more











glass productssmart glass inc specializes in custom glass projects and special glass projects for your office or home. glass walls, glass railings, back-painted glass, oversize conference tables; we do it all!


 






read more



















 





the clear advantage in glass products


 







smart glass inc is family-owned and integrates two generations of the smart glass family. quality, service, honesty, and value are the smart glass name benchmarks and will continue as our business moves forward into the century.at smart glass inc, we pride ourselves on serving and serving any glass needs of our customers. our glass products include home (shower enclosures, mirrors, storm doors, door and window replacement, glass railings), auto (windshields, headlights, mirrors), business (entrances, curtain walls, partition walls, reception glass, conference tables, colored glass, custom mirror), flat, (table tops, insulated glass, cabinet glass, glass shelving, antique mirror) and glass repair service or commercial storefronts. 







 











we understand that our customers expect the best services from us, so we only use our company’s certified technicians for every project. our experienced and veteran staff leads each job to ensure a proper fit and function. our prompt service and quality products have allowed us to secure an advantage over our competitors and emerge as one of the leading service providers in seattle’s glass and mirror industry. you can contact us or any of our department’s toll-free  at (206)464-1444 to inquire, make an appointment, or collect pricing/information.smart glass inc has locations in seattle, west seattle, north seattle, mercer island, bellevue, redmond, lynnwood, snohomish, marysville, and tacoma. at smart glass inc, we are committed to providing our customers with the best parts, procedures, and glass services available today at affordable and competitive prices in the market.we have proudly serviced the following areas: king, pierce, snohomish, thurston, mason counties. our new location will service allentown, macungie, lehigh valley, emmaus, hellertown, and fogelsville.we pride ourselves on being able to service any glass need. our glass products include auto, (windshields, headlights, mirrors) flat, (table tops, insulated glass, cabinet glass, glass shelving, antique mirror) home (shower enclosures, mirrors, storm doors, door and window replacement, glass railings) business (entrances, curtain walls, partition walls, reception glass, conference tables, colored glass, custom mirror) and commercial storefronts, or glass repair service.we only use our own company technicians for every project and do not subcontract our work. each job is guided by our experienced staff to insure proper fit and function. 






let's get started























shower gallery
 



smart glass inc is well recognized for its quality shower door products and personalized shower designs in seattle. 






let's get started



















 



our shower design tool 



our shower design tool will help you build your custom shower online and receive a free quote with your measurements! 






let's get started











 



our featured projects 



smart glass inc can install spacious glass showers to showcase your beautiful home bathroom. homeowners are satisfied with the final results. 






let's get started
















a beautiful job!thank you for such a beautiful job on our shower and mirror, they both look beautiful. i appreciate how neat your people were. thank you again m. clemmquick, clean, unobtrusive and courteous!just wanted to tell you how pleased we were with your service on our job… you made the transformation (of our shower) painless. your installer was quick, clean, unobtrusive and courteous.p. rocchi




 











 


 







 







quick links 






home




about us











contact us 







 
info@smartglassinc.com





 
206-464-1444















							copyright © 2025 smart glass inc | designed by zone websites. 







 





 

					shopping cart					


 























































































