






























home | usli


























facebook







linkedin



















                            888-523-5545
                        




broker / agent login








navigation

policyholder servicespay my billmanage my policyreport a claimget helpproductscommercialhospitality and liquorprofessionalnonprofitindividualsspecial eventsbusiness resource centersupportabout usabout uslidiversity, equity and inclusioncommunity outreachcare2 fundaccessibilitycareerscareers at uslifull time/part timestudent programmenuhomecanadabroker/agent loginproductsbusiness resource centercareersabout ussupportcontact usfraud policyprivacy policyaccessibilitycanada 



























business resource center 

save time andmoney while growing your business 

having an insurance policy with us is only the first step to making sure your business runs smoothly. you have exclusive access to free and discounted resources so you can focus on what’s important — operating a successful business. 


                                                        explore resources 



















careers 

a career with opportunity, culture and incomparable benefits awaits you 

the usli community is unique because the people who work here are committed to similar values, as we emphasize the importance of having an actionable attitude, giving 100 percent effort and making a difference in lives locally and across the globe. 


                                                        more info 



















usli experience 

speed, accessibilityand ease of use ™ 

no matter what happens in the industry, we're here. we're easy to get in touch with. we make doing business easy. and we're going to provide a fast turnaround. 


                                                        what can we quote for you today? 






















manage billing & paymentpolicyholders who receive an invoice from usli can make payment or register online for more options

make a payment








report a claimneed to report a claim? submit the necessary information on our website 24/7.

report a claim








productsusli specializes in underwriting low premium, low hazard specialty insurance products and we are focused on being your go-to company for small businesses.

learn more








business resource centerproviding value to business owners is important to us. gain access to free and discounted resources by becoming a usli policyholder.

learn more








careersa career with usli can help you unleash your full potential. we are looking for eager, energized business professionals to help us grow! view our career listings

opportunities








supportcan’t find what you’re looking for? our support page offers assistance for everything from technical issues to checking your claim status.

need help?










"bringing energy is a choice and it makes all of the difference in how we feel and how we make others feel"
thomas p. nerney - ceo


about usli


















dedicated to creating a more diverse community and culture
at usli, we are committed to fostering a vibrant and inclusive community that celebrates the rich diversity of all ethnicities, nationalities, abilities, genders, gender identities, sexual orientations, ages, religions, socioeconomic backgrounds, and life experiences. we understand the importance of continuous learning, self-reflection, acknowledging our biases, and expanding our perspectives beyond our own. we actively encourage open dialogue on diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging to support a workplace where every individual feels valued, respected, and empowered to contribute at their fullest potential. join us in building a diverse and inclusive environment where our shared values drive us toward excellence.
learn more


















usli aspires to be the very best insurance company for underwriting insurance for small businesses along with a select group of specialty products. we are committed to making a difference to our customers through well-designed products delivered with unparalleled speed, service and support.  



 homecanadabroker/agent loginabout usproductsbusiness resource center   pay my billmanage my policyreport a claimsupportcontact uscareers   diversity, equity and inclusioncommunity outreachaccessibilityfraud policyprivacy policy  




community outreach

usli is committed to making a difference through community service, fundraising and volunteering. we consistently reach out to several organizations including breastcancer.org, united to beat malaria, eagles autism challenge and more.learn more about our community outreach efforts >>








                        copyrights © 2025 usli all rights reserved  |  1190 devon park drive   po box 6700   wayne, pa 19087 | 888 523-5545








facebook






linkedin

































 

