














	home




















































skip to main content





about us
partner with isa
private client services
job board
contact us
sign in 
join isa









what can we help you find?

submit






international society of appraisers
 menu



find an appraiser-isa member


courses


assets 2025 conference


member resources


credentialing


becoming an appraiser







menu
close

find an appraiser-isa member
courses
assets 2025 conference
member resources
credentialing
becoming an appraiser













representing the top independent personal property appraisers in the us and canada.



find an isa member near you

zip code

submit



search by name or keyword.
























isa member benefits





credentials
advance your career by earning your isa credentials, signifying to your clients, business contacts, and the public that you are among the highest-trained personal property appraisers.



peer network
get help when you need it. access a network of support with your appraisal industry peers through isa's online forum, courses and events.



business support
appear on the find an isa member directory for client referrals, use the job board for new assignments and assistance, and take advantage of toolkit resources to market your business.



exclusive training
gain access to advanced training courses in appraising, only available to isa members.




see all member benefits & services apply for membership










educational opportunities
comprehensive and convenient, isa’s courses are available to you as in-person or online training experiences that work within your time and schedule.

isa core course in appraisal studies
uspap courses
specialty studies
webinars

course calendar



upcoming courses
see all courses





                                                    feb 24
                                                        
                                                

february ksp - how to expand your art appraisal business footprint




                                                    feb 25 - 26
                                                        
                                                

7-hour uspap course for personal property (2024 version) feb 25-26




                                                    mar 03
                                                        
                                                

march 2025 meet & greet




                                                    mar 03 - 07
                                                        
                                                

2025 live online core course in appraisal studies mar 3-7




                                                    mar 11
                                                        
                                                

office hours with the director of education march 11, 2025












increase your value through membership and advancement
professional advancement and requalification is important to provide the public with appraisers they can trust.


1
member
professional designation: isa
signifies you have completed core isa training in appraisal theory, methodology, ethics, and report-writing standards.
apply for membership



2
accredited member
professional designation: isa am
official designation of a qualified isa appraiser with a declared specialty and significant, appraisal-related experience.
accredited member details


3
certified member
professional designation: isa capp
the highest achievement and level of credentialing in the industry of personal property appraising, signifying advanced appraisal methodology, expertise and professional development.
certified member details




other membership options:
student affiliate
life member




                member
                spotlight
            

david sanders
isa am


please see our website at www.mobilebayestatesales.com



(251) 680-8538
            
view full profile









isa delivers value
delivering the best, most trustworthy appraisers in the business. choose an isa appraier or learn more about appraising as a career.






learn more about the many benefits of isa membership.








from the isa now blog




sculptures, googly eyes, in-person inspection and uspap
wednesday, january 22, 2025 
brandon zebold’s sculpture “orb i” was installed in 2005 on the roundabout art route in bend, oregon, and was recently subjected to what stephen colbert called “lighthearted vandalism.” but how does this impact you as the appraiser?
steve roach, jd, isa capp provides valuable insight about this lighthearted vandalism!
city of bend, oregon, photograph.






office hours with the director of education - january 2025
friday, january 17, 2025 
welcome to the isa "post office hours" blog post! this post serves as a follow-up to our recent office hours session, where members submitted questions in advance. inside, you'll find answers to these submitted questions.






introducing the new director of education
wednesday, january 08, 2025 
isa introduces our new director of education!






2024 moving into 2025 design trends likely to affect value of personal property
friday, november 08, 2024 
state and national elections, conflicts in the middle east, and global unrest have constantly been on our minds and in our daily conversations. we are bombarded with things over which we have little to no control. our homes provide us a sanctuary by surrounding ourselves with possessions that feed our souls, keep our memories alive, tell stories, or showcase our interests.  people desperately seek more positivity - as reflected in their buying trends in 2024 and moving into 2025. 




see all blog posts










find an appraiser-isa member
courses
assets 2025 conference
member resources
credentialing
becoming an appraiser



about us
partner with isa
job board
contact us
sign in 
join isa
















facebook
linkedin
instagram

international society of appraisers

1933 n. meacham rd. ste 450, schaumburg, illinois 60173
(312) 981-6778 phone
isa@isa-appraisers.org email


copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
privacy statement
terms of use

site by spinutech



go to top of site 





