


mediterranean cruise




















    
	mediterranean cruise
	
  
mediterranean cruise deals and schedule. sail to spain, france, italy, and greece to enjoy mediterranean beauty, history and culture. a cruise ship is the perfect platform for exploring the mediterranean.





tuesday, march 31, 2015



	 
	 mediterranean cruises from barcelona 2015
	 
    


many cruise lines offer mediterranean cruises from barcelona in 2015. disney cruise line, celebrity cruises, holland america line, norwegian cruise line, princess cruises, regent seven seas, and windstar all have voyages. barcelona is the big leading departure port for cruises, particularly for cruises around the western mediterranean.

disney cruise line's departures from barcelona are all in august. they are one-week long and visit nice (france), florence (italy), rome (italy), and naples (italy).

holland america line offers 12-day mediterranean tapestry cruises from barcelona to venice. they stop in 8 ports and leave in april, may and september.labels: 2015, barcelona, cruises, mediterranean



posted by 3runhomer at 1:38 pm
0 comments






friday, march 27, 2015



	 
	 round-trip cruise to the mediterranean from usa
	 
    


there is a round-trip cruise from america to the mediterranean. but only one because it's a long voyage and a very unusual itinerary.

the cruise is round-trip out of fort lauderdale, florida. it starts by visiting 2 caribbean islands, then stopping at the canary islands on the way across the atlantic. then it visits morocco, 4 ports in spain, 3 ports in italy, 3 ports in greece, malta, 2 more italian ports, 3 more spanish ports, and portugal. it finishes with a stop in the bahamas then back to fort lauderdale.

that's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of cruise adventure. go to all of the great places around the mediterranean without getting on a plane or moving from hotel to hotel. what could be easier or more luxurious?

learn more about this round-trip cruise to the mediterranean from the us.

labels: cruise, mediterranean, round-trip, usa



posted by 3runhomer at 8:47 am
0 comments






thursday, march 26, 2015



	 
	 mediterranean cruises from the uk 2015
	 
    


there are quite a few cruises to the mediterranean from the uk in 2015. the departures are out of southampton (england). four cruise lines offer the trips, including princess, celebrity, royal caribbean, and cunard line.

princess cruises' two-week mediterranean cruises from the uk go to barcelona (spain), corsica (france), rome (italy), florence (italy), genoa (italy), marseille (france), and gibraltar (uk). the departures are in may, july and august.



labels: 2015, cruises, england, mediterranean, princess cruises, southampton, uk



posted by 3runhomer at 10:03 am
0 comments






wednesday, march 18, 2015



	 
	 mediterranean cruises from rome 2015
	 
    


rome is one of the leading departure ports for mediterranean cruises in 2015. there are frequent cruises throughout the year.

leaving from rome are cruises around the western mediterranean, which includes ports in spain, france, monaco and italy. these are some of the most famous and loved cities in the world.

cruises along the glamorous rivieras are a subset of the western med cruises. experience the resorts of the rich and famous.

alternately, your cruise could head for the eastern mediterranean and the adriatic. trendy destinations in croatia and montenegro add pizzazz to itineraries that also include old favorites like athens and venice.

learn all about mediterranean cruises from rome.



labels: 2015, cruises, mediterranean, rome



posted by 3runhomer at 3:33 pm
0 comments






saturday, december 30, 2006



	 
	 cruise the mediterranean
	 
    


hot mediterranean cruises are in huge demand. the beautiful lands of the mediterranean have an abundance of culture, history and fun. the wide variety of ports offer something of interest to everyone. explore the way the ancients did; by water. book your mediterranean cruise now.the best overall guide to mediterranean cruises is at cool mediterranean cruises. despite the silly name, it has an easy overview of the trips available in 2006, simple introductions to cruise departure ports, and info on all the mediterranean cruise lines.the mediterranean cruise season is from may to october, although there are cruises all year. cruise from great cities like venice, barcelona, athens, rome or many others. mediterranean cruise passengers avoid the currently high cost of hotels.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:00 am
0 comments






wednesday, march 22, 2006



	 
	 disney mediterranean cruises in 2007
	 
    


disney cruise line will offer mediterranean cruises for the first time in 2007. the disney magic will sail from the port of barcelona in spain with alternating 10-night and 11-night mediterranean cruise vacations. enjoy the hassle-free way to experience the beauty and culture of europe with your entire family.disney mediterranean cruises will visit palermo, sicily; naples, italy; rome; florence;  marseille, france; and villefranche, france. the 11-night itineraries depart on saturdays: may 26, june 16, july 7 and july 28. the 10-night itineraries depart on wednesdays: june 6, june 27, july 18 and aug. 8.in addition to the disney mediterranean cruises, there will be a 14-night disney transatlantic cruise from port canaveral, florida on may 12, and from barcelona on aug. 18.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:07 am
0 comments






sunday, march 12, 2006



	 
	 windstar mediterranean cruises 2006
	 
    


the three sailing yachts of windstar cruises will spend seven months of 2006 sailing  the mediterranean and greek islands. from april to november, the ships will sail 40 cruises from lisbon, barcelona, rome, athens, monte carlo, malaga, marseille, nice and venice. have a real adventure on a windstar mediterranean cruise.windstar's greek islands cruises are very popular, and the company is increasing its number of sailings in 2006 from 27 to 38. the wind star and wind spirit will sail the athens to istanbul itinerary. new for 2006, the wind spirit will sail five greek islands cruises on a new itinerary that allows you to combine two greek island cruises for a 14-day voyage with no repeating ports of call.the wind surf will sail the western mediterranean from april through november including a 14-day nice-to-nice itinerary to coincide with the grand prix race in monte carlo, monaco. the wind star and wind spirit will sail three seven-day cruises beginning late april and then again in late october. the wind star will also operate a series of eight cruises between athens and venice in july and august, with visits to monemvasia, katakolon, and corfu, greece and dubrovnik, croatia. the venice to athens itinerary visits rimini, italy; hvar and dubrovnik, croatia and cephalonia and kythira, greece.in 2006 there will be later departures and more overnights in ports, so you have more time for shore excursions and nightlife. 20 cruises are designated "foremast sailings" for those who have sailed with windstar before. on these sailings, repeat guests will save 50% or more off the brochure rate.take a windstar cruise to the mediterranean or greek islands in 2006. the casual luxury of these sailing yachts, and their ability to reach small, uncrowded ports,  makes them a great way to go.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:18 am
0 comments






friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 carnival mediterranean cruises 2006
	 
    


carnival cruise line is offering its excellent grand mediterranean cruises again in 2006. spend 12 fun-filled days on the beautiful new carnival liberty to historic cities in europe. a carnival mediterranean cruise is an american-style fun vacation that explores the region from the water.the carnival cruise line liberty has a friendly english-speaking staff and a variety of dining options. it's a perfect place to return to after a day of exploring mediterranean ports. carnival offers 15 grand mediterranean cruises in 2006. these cruises depart from rome and visit naples, italy; dubrovnik, croatia; venice, italy; messina, sicily; barcelona, spain; cannes, france; and livorno, italy before returning to rome. at venice there is an overnight aboard ship. each port has great attractions, including the sistine chapel in rome, the ancient ruins of pompeii in naples, the famous adriatic fortress in dubrovnik and the canals of venice.2006 carnival mediterranean cruise departure dates: may 7, 19, 31; june 12, 24; july 6, 18, 30; august 11, 23; september 4, 23; october 10, 22.



posted by 3runhomer at 2:51 pm
0 comments






saturday, january 21, 2006



	 
	 costa mediterranean cruises
	 
    


cruise the mediterranean on one of costa cruise line's modern ships. the fleet of 11 ships is beautiful and elegant, built with the style of a grand hotel. costa concordia, the new flagship of the line, is representative of costa's distinctive italian style. onboard, passengers can brush up on their italian, enjoy italian cooking classes, take in some great shows or simply relax by the pool, surrounded by the beautiful waters of the mediterranean.costa mediterranean cruises for 2006 include a variety of different itineraries and departure ports. the new 3,000-passenger costa concordia will sail 7-night cruises round-trip from rome. the inaugural mediterranean cruises will visit savona, barcelona, palma, tunis, malta, and sicily before returning to rome. eighteen sailings from july to november.



posted by 3runhomer at 7:27 am
0 comments






sunday, january 08, 2006



	 
	 mediterranean cruises january 2006
	 
    


yes, there are mediterranean cruises available in january of 2006. the med is primarily a warm weather cruise destination, but the climate is mild enough that winter cruises are enjoyable -- and you avoid the summer crowds!an example of the january 2006 mediterranean cruises are two 11-night voyages on the costa fortuna. sail from savona, italy to visit civitavecchia (rome), italy; alexandria (cairo), egypt; limassol, cyprus; rhodes, greece; izmir, turkey; piraeus (athens), greece; katakolon (olympia), greece; and return to savona. departs january 8 and 19, 2006.



posted by 3runhomer at 9:00 am
0 comments






wednesday, january 04, 2006



	 
	 medcruise and the bright future for mediterranean cruises
	 
    


next year eight new ships will be launched and additional mediterranean cruise capacity from cruise lines such as travelscope, fred ocean cruise line, saga, norwegian cruise lines, royal caribbean international, island cruises and thomson cruises will play a significant part in phenomenal growth. year-on-year growth between 2005-6 is expected to be nearly 16 per cent. the market remains strong with no major withdrawals planned and investment into the industry in terms of new ship builds and additions will continue with a further nine ships due to be launched in 2007.



posted by 3runhomer at 2:43 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 27, 2005



	 
	 mediterranean cruise to egypt and libya
	 
    


the costa classica makes an 11-night cruise to libya and egypt. sails from savona (genoa), italy and visits naples, italy; alexandria (cairo), egypt; limassol, cyprus; rhodes, greece; valletta, malta; and tripoli, libya.departs december 27, 2005. an exotic way to start the new year. the costa classica was recently refurbished, becoming more beautiful, modern and comfortable. high atop the ship, galileo disco and observatory offers 360 degree views -- an observatory by day, a state-of-the-art disco by night. cruise the mediterranean italian-style with costa cruises.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:00 am
0 comments






friday, december 23, 2005



	 
	 celebrity cruises to refurbish century, offer mediterranean cruises
	 
    


celebrity cruise line will completely refurbish the celebrity in 2006. century will emerge with 314 new verandas, more conciergeclass category staterooms, a new specialty restaurant, and amenities that typify the line's millennium-class fleet. the contract with fincantieri involves century's major structural modifications, new verandas and associated stateroom interiors, new staterooms on deck 12, and regular drydock work. other interior outfitting contractors also will handle portions of the work.a new specialty restaurant will present a menu designed by celebrity's longtime culinary and wine consultant, master chef michel roux. the venue will follow the style of celebrity's "olympic," "ss united states," "normandie" and "ocean liners" restaurants, which presented the industry's first tableside cooking, carving and flambe. the "casual dining boulevard" on the lido deck will be expanded to include a sushi cafe, and made-to-order pasta and pizza bar, along with buffet breakfasts, themed lunches, and dinner service with a casual dress code. fans of light, healthy cuisine will find what they're seeking in a new spa cafe.for evening cocktails, a sophisticated new martini bar will offer more than 30 versions of the popular drink, while outside on the aft deck, a new bandstand and bar complete with tapas carts will offer a romantic setting at sunset, complete with live music.century's "fun factory" children's area will be expanded, with a new teen room added to offer new activities geared exclusively toward that age group.following its revitalization, celebrity's "new" century will set sail on a series of 12-night baltic and 10- and 11-night mediterranean cruises.



posted by 3runhomer at 7:43 am
0 comments






thursday, december 15, 2005



	 
	 five 2007 world cruises to depart from port everglades in span of 7 days
	 
    


all eyes in the cruise industry will be on fort lauderdale when five world cruises depart from port everglades in january of 2007. world cruises are the most exclusive and extended of cruises, with itineraries ranging from 81 to 126 days. only seven world cruises are scheduled for 2007 and five of those will leave from this one south florida port in a span of seven days.on january 9, 2007, the radisson seven seas voyager departs from fort lauderdale on a 111-night world cruise. it will provide all of the romance and mystique of a global itinerary while exploring 34 destinations in 26 countries in five continents in six-star luxury. this will be the most extensive world cruise ever offered by radisson seven seas.january 10th will be a very special day for port everglades as the queen elizabeth 2 and the queen mary 2 depart together, sailing on a southward journey to begin their world cruises. the world's most famous cruise liner, the qe2, begins its historic silver jubilee world cruise with an exotic 108-day itinerary. after 25 world cruises, the qe2 really knows her way around.the queen mary 2 makes its own history as it continues the cunard line's time-honored liner tradition by embarking on her very first world cruise. the qm2 will circumnavigate the globe in just 81 days. the qm2 world cruise 2007 can take place at high speeds and in great comfort for the guests due to the fine seakeeping capabilities of the ship. passengers will enjoy an exotic journey in the grand manner of the golden age of travel, with an abundance of sea days allowing time for fine dining, self enrichment and the opportunity to meet fellow travelers.on january 15th, two more world cruises will depart from port everglades. holland america's ms amsterdam's world cruise will commemorate the company's 43rd year of globe-spanning sailings and mark the return of the popular 1,380-guest flagship to world cruising. the amsterdam will make a 104-day journey to 38 ports in 26 countries and six continents. staff will help guests celebrate the panama canal transit with an evening deck party, and the crossing of the equator with a king neptune ceremony initiating guests into south-seas sailing.2007 will be a groundbreaking year for ultra-luxury silversea cruises, as the line debuts its first world cruise. also departing january 15, 2007 from fort lauderdale, the world cruise will cross three oceans, seven seas and six continents, visiting 61 different ports, and conclude in new york city, on may 22. the voyage of 126 unforgettable days aboard silver shadow will follow the trade winds from the island jewels of the caribbean to the incan treasures of peru and across the wide pacific to the fabled south seas, down under, the enchantments of the far east, india, the spice ports of arabia, ancient egypt and the mediterranean.travelers can learn more about all the world cruises at world cruise central, the new online resource from the cruise guide network. the site includes a complete calendar of the cruises and full details about the offerings of each cruise line.



posted by 3runhomer at 11:32 am
0 comments






tuesday, december 13, 2005



	 
	 star cruises to sail mediterranean from malta
	 
    


star cruises, the leading cruiseline in the asia-pacific region will have a ship based in the eastern mediterranean for the first time during the summer 2006 season. currently sailing from the homeport of mumbai, india, the 1,480-passenger capacity superstar libra will reposition to the homeport of valletta, malta in june 2006.star cruises will be selling the superstar libra eastern mediterranean cruises in its core markets in asia-pacific and the middle east in addition to the european market.  this is part of star cruises’ ongoing strategy to contribute to the growth of the international cruise market by increasing the awareness of cruising in the mediterranean to a wider base.superstar libra is the first ship in the star cruises asian fleet to operate in europe. most cruises will depart from the homeport of malta. the eastern mediterranean cruises will visit rome (civitavecchia), la spezia (for florence and pisa), olbia, naples, venice and messina (sicily) in italy; athens (piraeus), santorini, corfu and crete in greece; valetta in malta; istanbul and izmir in turkey; dubrovnik in croatia; and alexandria in egypt.



posted by 3runhomer at 7:21 am
0 comments






monday, november 14, 2005



	 
	 costa mediterranean cruise
	 
    


7-night greek isles cruise on the costa victoria. cruises from venice and makes stops in bari, olympia, santorini, mykonos, rhodes, dubrovnik before ending back in venice. a great time of year to escape to the greek isles.departs november 14, 2005. costa cruises is the italian fun cruise company.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:00 am
0 comments






saturday, november 05, 2005



	 
	 windstar spirit cruise
	 
    


7-day western mediterranean cruise on the windstar cruises spirit. starting in barcelona (spain) with stops in palma de mallorca (spain), ibiza (spain), malaga (spain), tangier (morocco), portimao (portugal) and lisbon (portugal).departs november 5, 2005. enjoy the adventure of a real sailing ship on this windstar mediterranean cruise.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:00 am
0 comments









	 
	 western mediterranean cruise
	 
    


7-night western mediterranean cruise on the royal caribbean splendour of the seas. starting from barcelona (spain) with visits to marseille (france), villefranche (france), livorno (italy), civitavecchia/rome (italy), naples (italy) and back to barcelona.departs november 5, 2005. the splendour of the seas has a 7-story lobby and an indoor-outdoor pool in a solarium. enjoy the autumn weather on a mediterranean cruise.



posted by 3runhomer at 8:00 am
0 comments






monday, october 24, 2005



	 
	 santorini - greek island on mediterranean cruise
	 
    


dianne herschelman finds that the greek isle of santorini is the best part of her mediterranean cruise. climb to the peak of the island heights for spectacular views. aren't you ready for a cruise?the blue of the water defies description. whitewashed buildings, some with blue roofs, cling to cliffs that plunge from the blue sky to the turquoise mediterranean.



posted by 3runhomer at 9:32 am
0 comments






thursday, october 20, 2005



	 
	 luxury mediterranean cruise
	 
    


10-day "knights and minotaurs" mediterranean cruise on the silversea silver shadow. you'll cruise from monte carlo to genoa (italy), livorno (italy), sicily (italy), valletta (malta), heraklion (greece), rhodes (greece), kusadasi (turkey), and athens.silversea cruises has small very luxurious ships. the thoroughly modern ships have every technolgoical innovation. spacious ocean-view suites, with sumptuous furnishings and appointments – most with a private veranda.mediterranean cruise departs october 20, 2005.



posted by 3runhomer at 7:00 am
0 comments














cruise schedule

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
december 2006
march 2015


archive: mediterranean cruise deals
archive: italy cruises
have you also considered a bermuda cruise? the islands of bermuda are famous for pink sand, pastel buildings, great golf, mild weather and a relaxed british style.

the association of mediterranean cruise ports has a nice map of the region and photos of mediterranean ports.






i hope you enjoyed my daily dose of mediterranean cruise news; i certainly enjoy putting it together. get on a mediterranean cruise as soon as possible.



