





home page - baum realty group

























home

 









services


retail leasing
retail site selection
investment sales
office & flex
national solutions
franchise services




retail leasing


active listings
recent transactions
landlord team 




retail site selection


featured tenants
recent transactions
tenant team




investment sales


net lease
multi-tenant/shopping centers
other investment properties

recent transactions


net lease
multi-tenant
other 



investment sales team




auction sales


active auctions
recent sales
auction sales team 




office & flex


active listings
recent transactions
office & flex team 




national solutions


corporate representation
franchisor representation
recent transactions
nres team














baum revision
baum asset managment












 baum realty group
 superior service, unmatched results.
 baum consistently maintains the highest quality brokerage service model in the industry, using state-of-the-art technology and data to provide site selection services to prestigious national, regional and local tenants, as well as property evaluation for top landlords and asset managers.









907-909  w randolph st
chicago, il 60607
2 spaces available
click for detail








216 w jackson blvd
chicago, il 60606-6909
10 spaces available
click for detail








grand plaza
chicago, il 60654
4 spaces available
click for detail








3119-3125 w irving park rd
chicago, il 60618

asking price:$750,000
cap rate:









 chicago’s premier retail real estate firm
 serving chicago’s retail  community since 1991
 baum is widely regarded as the premier retail brokerage firm in chicagoland, providing investment sales, leasing and exclusive tenant representation. additionally, baum’s unique national real estate solutions division delivers high quality real estate services to corporate retailers and national franchisors that need efficient solutions to scale their national retail real estate strategies.





 ethical & progressive culture
 baum works tirelessly to promote an ethical & progressive culture in our firm.
 baum is committed to understanding each client’s specific needs at each stage of their business cycle. we ensure that the best possible real estate decisions are made in each transaction we’re involved in. because we work as a team on every transaction, we can employ deep market knowledge & expertise to customize our response to your project goals, and we focus on maximizing your profitability.










 landlord representation
 not content to hang a sign in the window & wait for the phone to ring.
 baum takes an aggressive, proactive and technologically advanced approach to marketing properties and securing the right, credit worthy tenant. we use proven methods and deep market knowledge to procure an ideal tenant-mix.
 leasing opportunities


 investment sales services
 a trusted advisor and business partner for real estate investors.
 baum offers disposition and acquisition services for third-party property owners and investors. we help our clients execute sale transactions for all property types, including retail, office, mixed-use and land.
investment sale properties





 tenant representation
 we take site selection seriously, and it shows.
 baum is synonymous with tenant representation in chicago. our brokers represent local, regional and national brands on an exclusive basis. we combine market knowledge, insight and hustle (art) with the latest technology and information sources (science). this equal reliance on both art and science sets us apart from other firms. our brokers are dedicated to the long-term success of their clients. we work shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients’ in-house teams to ensure that the ideal location is found in the shortest possible timeframe under the most favorable terms and conditions.











 national real estate solutions
 realize strategic growth in a quick, efficient and cost-effective manner.
 baum helps national retailers and franchisors expand their national footprint without the intensive capital required to build an internal real-estate team. we have developed an intricate system that drives the success of our national accounts.






  

 baum assest management
 imagine that you could design a new kind of property management company today.
 knowing what you know now, you’d do things a bit differently. that’s exactly what we’ve done. 
 our heavy use of verified and vetted technology provides consistent access to the most valuable asset a property manager can offer you – information.
 with more information, you can maximize tenant retention, and minimize operational risk & expense. 

















join our mailing list!
sign up


contact us



1030 w. chicago avenue suite 200  chicago, il 60642



                                        (312) 666-3000
                                    


info@baumrealty.com




about us



 our people




follow us

twitter
linkedin







baum revision
baum asset management





© copyright 2025. baum realty group, llc. all rights reserved.










