

















welcome to sweet briar college







































apply


visit


deposit


give













menu
close


























admissions


academics


student life


athletics


riding


alumnae







about


news and events


mysbc





































where women lead
majors and minorssweet briar at a glancevisit campus






areas of academic focuspreviouspreviousnextnextengineering, science and technologynationally, only 13% of u.s. engineers are female. our engineering program is abet accredited, which means it meets agreed-upon standards set by professional engineering organizations. we excel at preparing women for the field, through project-based, hands-on learning. this focus, shared by all our stem majors, is exactly what employers and competitive graduate programs told us they are looking for.see all the majors & minors that we offercreativity, design, and the arts  sweet briar has thriving programs in the visual and performing arts, adding vitality to campus life. rooted in practice, our students make, create and perform in their chosen disciplines from day one. we also benefit from discussions with and performances by a variety of guests artists each year.see all the majors & minors that we offerhuman and environmental sustainability  on our 2,847 acres, students can explore sustainability, agriculture and other environmental topics. in our vineyard, apiary and greenhouse, they get to practice what they learn.see all the majors & minors that we offerhands-on, experiential learningon our beautiful campus, in close community, we grow into the connected, ethical leaders the world urgently needs. sweet briar offers hands-on academics, a focus on women’s leadership, an innovative academic calendar designed for experiential learning, and a deep connection to our land. together, we learn by doing. in our labs, in our greenhouse, in our barns and on our teams, we shape our community and our future.explore academics at sweet briar







by the numbers
women making history


1 of 2   one of only two women’s colleges in the u.s. to offer an abet-accredited engineering degree program2,847   sweet briar college’s 2,847-acre campus is located in the beautiful foothills of the blue ridge mountains. 60%   of sweet briar students complete research projects with faculty, three times the national average.18   for the use of our equine riders, we have more than 18 miles of trails as well as a 130-acre on-campus riding center.5.8   acres of land per studentpreviouspreviousnextnext




“sweet briar is a place that enables women to mature into intellectually fierce, well-spoken individuals who are able to shine outside of the college’s campus.”karlynn mccarthyclass of 2020, engineering scienceexplore engineering“what makes sweet briar feel like home to me are the people. the small class sizes allow me to know everyone and to get really close to my professors.”damarys rodriguesclass of 2024, art history and english and creative writingexplore english and creative writingsweet briar voicespreviouspreviousnextnext






sweet briar in pictures
the place we call home



women’s leadershipwe forge ethical leaders with the skill, compassion, and vision to create a more just and sustainable world. learn more >our traditionsa longstanding college tradition, founders’ day is held in september. learn more >in the wildour 2,847-acre campus is a living laboratory and outdoor classroom. learn more >riding and equestrian lifeour tradition of riding excellence goes back more than 100 years. learn more >stem for everybodyengineering at sweet briar is based on a hands-on, lab-intensive curriculum. learn more >previouspreviousnextnext






news and events
around campus




ethics bowl team finds success during statewide competition  sweet briar ethics bowl team goes 3-1 during annual competition.read moresweet briar welcomes back 2 faculty members  dr. melanie stine ’06 and dr. stephen loftus return to sweet briar college.read morewhere bold women thrive: sweet briar college joins “the college tour” on amazon prime  sweet briar college to be featured on “the college tour” on amazon prime.read more

















  do you want to be part of the sweet briar community? applying is fast, easy and free.apply today



























information for



visitors


current students


faculty & staff


alumnae


job applicants


















































helpful links



a-z index


news and events


contacts


title ix


privacy policy


emergency information


editor login












					©
					
					sweet briar college | 134 chapel road, sweet briar, va 24595 | 434-381-6100
				







back to top
















