










lake mohawk, ohio real estate | clark kidder team
































home           properties           about lake mohawk           other communities           contact us










 
we'll help you find your dream home!



































































clark kidder real estate team 
your lake mohawk real estate specialists!
our business is founded on trust, integrity, discretion, and a total commitment to maximizing the value of your home with 100% satisfaction. working together, we‘ve found our diverse neighborhood knowledge and savvy business skills to be perfect complements.
we look forward to working with you!

robyn clark 
robyn specializes in lake mohawk and carroll county areas! she has been in real estate and serving the lake mohawk area since 1998. robyn is a graduate of floyd wickmans “sweat hogs” course and leadership realtor. she completed fast track training in 2003, ninja training in 2019 and from 2000-2016 she received the oar presidents sales club award of achievement. from 2017 to present she recieved the oar presidents sales club award of distinction. robyn also earned stark county women’s council of realtors entrepreneur of the year award in 2016 and sat as president in 2018. she is an active member of the stark county association of realtors serving on various committees, 2009, 2011 executive club, 2011 100% club award winner, as well a member of women’s council of realtors. she prides herself in determining her client’s real estate needs and then meeting them.
robyn is very involved with her community and participates in coaching and volunteering to help with many projects in the area. she lives at lake mohawk in malvern, ohio. she shares her life with her husband matt, son aiden and daughter avery.
melanie kidder
melanie has been an educator for the past 18 years, she brings her zest for knowledge and helping others to her real estate business. listing homes and selling them with ease is her specialty. she is more than willing to help you with any of your real estate questions or needs. melanie is an avid distance runner, so you will find her out running through the neighborhoods, typically early in the morning, before she gets her three children off to school.
melanie is active within her local community. weekly, she mentors young women with hannah’s house, a local organization devoted to empowering young women to succeed and make positive choices. melanie is a devoted member of the women’s council of realtors stark county and was on the 2018 governing board as secretary. she was awarded the oar president’s sales club award of achievement in 2018. in 2019, melanie completed the ninja sales installation, which allows her to serve her clients with more care and focus. 













here's what our clients had to say...












amanda chaddock



 




                                                            robyn and mel are wonderful to work with and always knowledgeable and helpful! highly recommend!                                                        













cathy jennings



 


















amy myszkowski



 




                                                            melanie was a pleasure to work with!  during an exceptionally difficult time for buyers, melanie confidently lead us through the buying process. she helped us find a perfect home for our family!                                                        













charles collier



 




                                                            these women always are on top of all our real estate needs no matter the day of week. thank you so much for your prompt response and for serving us for all our real estate needs!                                                        









                                    see all reviews                                

                                    write a review                                

















contact the clark kidder team

 robyn clark realtor®
330.412.0220 | this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
melanie kidder realtor®
330.612.8142 | this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 
office
115 north reed street, malvern, ohio 44644 
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 
               
 







view properties with
 
 
or visit our clark kidder team cutler website for advanced property searches and more.
 


















home           properties           about lake mohawk           other communities           contact us







            © 2025 lake mohawk, oh real estate 
            

















