grain science and industry



powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





document with check mark











chart-purple





home


list-purple











computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white









jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




grain science and industrysearch
search

welcome to the department of grain science and industry
our mission

 the mission of the department of grain science and industry is to advance the global grain and plant-based food, animal food, and bioproduct industries through scholarship, research, and outreach. 

we are proud to be the primary training ground for technology specialists, scientists and managers who lead businesses and organizations in working to preserve harvest, process grains into products, and nourish a hungry world.
as one of the very few places in the world to offer bachelor's degrees in the areas of bakery science, milling science, and feed and pet food science, our students benefit from exceptional faculty, resources, and job opportunities.

our programs
our students are in high demand throughout the industry and receive some of the best starting salaries earned by k-state graduates. students majoring in bakery science, feed science, or milling science receive technical training that prepares them for successful careers working in the baking, animal food, milling, and bio-based product industries.
click on the program links below to learn more about our various programs.
bakery science and managementmilling science and managementfeed and pet food sciencegraduate programs
 
9/19 faculty members have more than 60% research appointments$12.1 million in research proposals and $3.4 in newly funded projects94 peer-reviewed articles and 56 non-peer reviewed articlesresearch areas: grain and plant based material storage, processing and products, animal food science, fermentation, biomaterial discovery/application, and sustainable agriculture
 
why choose grain science?"i chose to enroll in the bakery science program at k-state because i have always been interested in baking, chemistry, innovation, creativity, and how these concepts relate to one another. i also wanted to spend no less than four years in college, and bakery science is the only program that allows me to fulfill this desire while also learning about an industry i love being a part of." -emily leihsing, senior in bakery sciencelearn more about bakery science & management
 
"i chose to transfer to kansas state, specifically for their grain science program. the feed science program here has brought me countless learning opportunities as well as networking. along with that, i have always had a passion for livestock nutrition, and i am beginning to fulfill those passions with my education and the opportunities i have received since becoming a student here." -julia gerling, senior in feed and pet food sciencelearn more about feed and pet food science
 
"this major is the perfect mix of agriculture, engineering, and business. every day offers a new adventure, no day is the same. in one day, you can go from maintaining equipment to managing people and even working on various projects within the mill. milling science students have the opportunity to participate in internships every year, even as freshmen! these internships will not only help the students in class but also help them make lifelong connections. a milling science degree will start you down the road to success." - grace young, junior in milling science learn more about milling science & management
 

apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitgrain science and industry 1301 mid campus drive, manhattan, ks 66506 785-532-6161 | grains@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 9/27/24

