


aaatix.com -  is the ticket!




















    
	aaatix.com -  is the ticket!
	
  
tickets for all major events including nfl, college football, nba, baseball, nascar, concerts and theatre.





monday, october 17, 2005



	 
	 georgia bulldogs tickets - no. 5 georgia rolls, in control of sec eastshockley tosses 3 tds in win over vandy
	 
    


no. 5 georgia rolls, in control of sec eastshockley tosses 3 tds in win over vandy; ’dawgs lead gators by 2 gamesnashville, tenn. - the georgia bulldogs are fully in control of the southeastern conference’s eastern division, and they don’t plan on tripping themselves up anytime soon.d.j. shockley threw three touchdown passes, thomas brown rushed for 91 yards and the fifth-ranked bulldogs beat vanderbilt 34-17 saturday night in a rare sec east showdown with a team that has been the league’s worst for decades.instead, shockley remained undefeated as a starter along with the bulldogs (6-0, 4-0), who have a two-game division lead with the victory and florida’s 21-17 loss to no. 10 lsu earlier saturday.“we’ve got some cushion, but the worst thing in the world we can do is get beat next week,” georgia coach mark richt said. “then we have no cushion. we’re only halfway through the schedule. we’re not in a position where we can relax.”the bulldogs knew before they took the field that florida had lost, and that left them playing the only sec east team with one league loss in vanderbilt. they started slowly but scored 17 straight points in the second quarter and improved to 18-2 on the road under richt.“we still have to go out and play hard,” shockley said. “anything can happen in this league.”the sec’s top offense rolled up 446 yards. shockley was 15-of-30 for 298 yards with td passes to three different receivers, and brandon coutu also kicked field goals of 40 and 28 yards.the commodores (4-3, 2-2) had a chance to turn in the best start in school history, a feat that still belongs to the 1915 commodores.georgia, with two defensive starters already out because of injuries, lost tackle kedric golston in the first quarter with an injury to his left elbow, and richt said he may be out up to three weeks. the bulldogs gave up a season-high 17 points and allowed the commodores roll up 324 yards offense, but still sacked jay cutler four times.“we made too many physical and mental mistakes to hang in there with a team like georgia,” vanderbilt coach bobby johnson said.the commodores, trying to become bowl eligible for the first time since 1982, had a chance to pull within six late in the third quarter after cassen jackson-garrison broke loose for a 50-yard run to the georgia 34.marlon white was running wide open toward the end zone, but cutler’s pass went through his hands so cleanly the ball bounced off his knee. vandy instead settled for a 45-yard field goal by bryant hahnfeldt and pulled to 27-17 with 3:55 left in the third.that was one of at least five dropped passes by the commodores that had johnson upset.“i’m not saying we win the game if we catch some of those balls, but those plays prevent you from having a chance to win,” johnson said.vanderbilt then forced georgia to punt for the first time in six possessions, but the commodores couldn’t pick up a first down. hahnfeldt stood on his goal line waiting for the snap to punt, and tyson browning broke through for the block.shockley found bryan mcclendon three plays later on an 18-yard td pass he may have trapped against the ground. the play was reviewed but it was ruled a catch for a 34-17 lead in the opening minute of the fourth that sealed the victory.richt said shockley, who kept many plays alive by scrambling around to find his receivers, was the difference.“without a doubt, he was our player of the game,” richt said.the bulldogs started a little slowly, a bit of an expected letdown for any team going from the sec’s biggest stadium at tennessee where they played last week before more than 108,000 to the league’s smallest where vanderbilt’s biggest crowd this season still was just 38,822.georgia got going in the second quarter by scoring 17 points and rolling up 234 yards offense for a 17-7 halftime lead.kregg lumpkin got georgia on the board by capping an 81-yard drive with a 9-yard touchdown run with 13:34 left in the quarter.vanderbilt had some good bounces early such as when jackson-garrison fumbled, the ball popped right to white. the commodores tied the game at 7 by answering with an 80-yard drive of their own.jackson-garrison scored on a 4-yard run that left golston with an injured left elbow. he had to be helped off the field.shockley made it 14-7 with a 10-yard td toss to brannan southerland with 4:13 left in the quarter, and coutu added his first field goal as time expired.



posted by aaatix inc. at 2:37 pm
0 comments









	 
	 auburn tigers tickets - tigers feeling good about going back on the road
	 
    


auburn - coach tommy tuberville is ready to take his improving auburn football team back on the road, but this time he's going to do it with a twist as he heads to lsu.denied a chance to spend a normal friday night on the road because of a lack of hotel rooms due to hurricane katrina, the tigers plan to fly into baton rouge on saturday just three hours before kickoff and go directly to the stadium for the 6:45 p.m. game."it's going to be an hour flight. that's just like a bus ride," shrugged auburn quarterback brandon cox. advertisement the tigers feel good about hitting the road again, especially after overcoming a halftime deficit and beating back arkansas' blitzing defense in a 34-17 sec win over the weekend. it was the tigers' first road game of the year.lsu will present bigger road problems in tiger stadium. lsu is ranked no. 7 nationally, boasts a 4-1 overall record, is 3-1 in the southeastern conference and, as cox says, "i know they're going to be rowdy there. i've heard horror stories about it."auburn, winners of five straight, is ranked 16th in the nation and is 5-1 overall and 3-0 in league play.four of the last five sec west champions have come out of this game.tuberville has already decided he won't let this weekend's travel plans bother him."it won't make any difference how we play. it'll be just a little bit different," he said.auburn is following a different route than tennessee and florida used on their visits to lsu after katrina changed everyone's travel plans. tennessee flew in early on the day of the game and lounged around in hotel meeting rooms. florida spent friday night in baton rouge and lafayette in order to find enough rooms. auburn showed it could overcome all sorts of things, at least in the win against arkansas. cox was blitzed into mistakes for most of the first half, but a change in the offensive scheme at halftime left the razorbacks reeling. the tigers, who trailed 10-3 late in the second quarter, turned up their running game and scored on five straight possessions to win going away.tuberville said arkansas' early success with the blitz might tempt other teams to try the same thing against cox."it's a learning curve for him, especially on the road," tuberville said. "they did a lot of things to him that he'll continue to see. hopefully, he'll have the answer down the road." advertisement he had the answer at arkansas. cox threw three touchdown passes, used play fakes and rollouts to buy time against the pressure and bounced back from the early hits.keeps steady course:"he doesn't get rattled," said offensive coordinator al borges. "i've had kids who did. if he was rattled, i probably would never say it publicly, but i can say it, with all honesty, the kid is always the same. he doesn't change expressions. if he's rattled, i can't tell, and i've been coaching the position for years. i can usually tell when a guy is falling apart."cox was cool against the hogs. he missed five of his first nine passes, but finished up completing 13 of his next 17 attempts. all the while, kenny irons was rushing past the blitz for 182 yards.borges said he expects similar defensive game plans in the coming weeks "because we're a first-strike team.""we're usually going to get something in the first couple of drives," borges said. "i think what teams are doing - and i've had this happen everywhere i've been - is trying to throw your rhythm off as fast as they can by pressuring. they run defenses that they may have used on later downs, they use on early downs. i think the key to it is to run the football and don't be predictable."



posted by aaatix inc. at 2:34 pm
0 comments









	 
	 alabama football tickets - surging alabama shocks no. 5 florida in 31-3 rout
	 
    


college football: surging alabama shocks no. 5 florida in 31-3 routby ray glier the new york timessunday, october 2, 2005tuscaloosa, alabama the window has closed on the opportunity to ridicule alabama's football program or label it second best in its own state, behind rival auburn. the crimson tide, damaged by coaching changes and scholarship reductions from ncaa sanctions, roared back to prominence over the weekend with a 31-3 rout of no. 5 florida before 81,018 fans at a sold-out bryant-denny stadium.the 15th-ranked crimson tide, which went 4-9 and 6-6 in coach mike shula's first two seasons, is 5-0 - and a feared team once again. shula, a former alabama quarterback and the son of the nfl coaching legend don shula, evened his three-year record at 15-15.for alabama, quarterback brodie croyle completed 14 of 17 passes for 283 yards and three touchdowns on saturday. running back kenneth darby rushed for 101 yards.the victory might have been sweeter for alabama because defensive end jeremy mincey and linebacker brandon siler of florida had taunted the crimson tide beforehand. mincey said the gators could win the game in a rout, and siler said he could not envision alabama's defense stopping florida's spread-option offense.both were wrong. quarterback chris leak, the trigger to the gators' wide-open offense, completed only 16 of 37 passes for 187 yards and threw two interceptions.alabama, which has won 21 league championships in the southeastern conference, is 3-0 in the league and 5-0 over all for the first time since 1996. if it makes the associated press top 10 when the next rankings come out, it would be the crimson tide's first appearance since 2002. alabama had never beaten a top-five team at bryant-denny.the only disappointment for alabama was an injury to tyrone prothro, a wide receiver and kick-return specialist who went up for a pass with 8 minutes 53 seconds remaining and fell awkwardly, breaking his left leg. alabama was already ahead 31-3 when the pass was thrown to prothro in the end zone.on alabama's first play from scrimmage in the game, croyle faked a hand-off into the line and threw a pass to prothro for an 87-yard touchdown. florida's safety had provided double coverage on another alabama receiver, leaving prothro, who is regarded as alabama's most dangerous offensive player, in single coverage with cornerback vernell brown.less than two minutes later, leak's second-down pass from the gators' 17 was tipped by alabama defensive end mark anderson and intercepted by defensive end chris harris, who returned the ball 14 yards to the gators' 2.fullback tim castille rammed over from the 1, and the extra-point kick made the score 14-0 with 9:45 left in the first quarter. the rout was on. the crimson tide added a 65-yard touchdown pass from croyle to keith brown midway through the second quarter and a 16-yard touchdown pass from croyle to prothro in the third quarter.florida (4-1 over all, 2-1 in the league) had trouble blocking alabama's odd-man fronts and was never able to spread out the defense enough to run between the tackles. gators running back deshawn wynn had just 47 yards rushing.coach tommy tuberville of auburn warned this summer that the spread offense that coach urban meyer of florida ran so successfully when he coached at utah would be challenged by the speed of defenses in his new league. that was the case on saturday. wynn's holes closed fast, and leak's wide receivers could not get much separation, forcing him to make perfect passes.croyle was plenty sharp for alabama. he was 10 for 12 passing for 235 yards in the first half as the tide averaged 10.6 yards a play. alabama's offensive front (left tackle chris capps, left guard antoine caldwell, center j.b. closner, right guard b.j. stabler and right tackle kyle tatum) formed a protective pocket around croyle and kept mincey and siler at bay. they also plowed holes for darby as the crimson tide built a 24-3 halftime lead.



posted by aaatix inc. at 2:16 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  aaatix inc. 

view my complete profile

links

aaatix - is the ticket
alabama crimson tide tickets
auburn tigers tickets
georgia bulldogs tickets
arkansas razorbacks tickets
florida gators tickets
kentucky wildcats tickets
lsu tigers tickets
mississipp1 st. bulldogs tickets
ole miss rebels tickets
south carolina gamecocks tickets
tennessee volunteers tickets
vanderbilt commodores tickets
sec championship tickets
contrive media

previous posts

georgia bulldogs tickets - no. 5 georgia rolls, in...
auburn tigers tickets - tigers feeling good about ...
alabama football tickets - surging alabama shocks ...

archives

october 2005









 



