
texas numismatic association, inc.  official site












       






				 






tna 
				news magazine archive 2006 to 2024


click link above to 
				download texas numismatic associations news magazine
 






 

						 
 










welcome, to the "official" texas numismatic association - web site -------

 








 
                 
























menu











 














































































								 



								 



								 


 












news



 

















































welcome!












the texas numismatic association or tna, is an educational and 
historic hobby organization and we do not value coins. we also have many member 
dealers so the tna has adopted the policy that our officers and governors are 
not allowed to make dealer recommendations.


texas numismatic associations' live facebook feed below.







 


about tna
mankind has utilized various forms of exchange media since 
prehistoric times. few forms of expression combine beautiful art and enduring 
metallurgy with the utility of coinage. numismatics reflects each of these 
characteristics and more. history, art, language, geography, metallurgy, 
culture, and economics are common educational episodes documented in 
numismatics. we invite you to share in exploring these experiences through the 
tna.
this association is a non-profit, 501(c)(3) educational, historical and 
scientific organization founded in january, 1960.
the tna invites to membership all worthy persons of any age. coin clubs, 
schools, libraries, museums, and kindred organizations, who have a sincere 
interest in the collecting and study of coins, paper money, tokens, medals, and 
related items are welcome.
purposes
to promote and advance interest and comprehensive knowledge of numismatics; 
to cultivate friendly relations among fellow collectors; to hold periodic 
meetings and exhibits; to provide a place and time to buy, sell, and trade 
numismatic items; to serve its members collectively, not individually.
advantages
to be a member is to have fraternal affiliation with numismatists of your 
state; to know their addresses and collecting interests; to have the honor of 
serving visitors with the names of collectors in their vicinity; to participate 
in the annual convention; to receive the official publication. tna membership 
offers prestige on the state level just as ana offers prestige on the national 
and international levels.
official publication
each regular, junior and chapter member receives the tna news 
for no additional cost. insofar as possible, this media will keep you informed 
about your association, and the individual and chapter members. it carries 
timely articles and features. its pages are free to all members, to express 
their views and to contribute articles for the advancement of numismatics. those 
seeking information may ask for help through the pages of tna news. 
those having items for sale or trade may advertise for a nominal sum. tna 
news is the voice of tna.
conventions
tna will meet in annual convention. members are entitled to a voice at the 
conventions. the business sessions are devoted to the procedures necessary to 
the operation of your state association. entertainment and time for renewal of 
friendships is an important part of the conventions.
educational exhibits are a vital adjunct. the opportunity to buy, sell and 
trade is provided for through bourse activity.








 



















texas currency




















 


 










texas 
												coins 


















 


















tna.org 
				was created by david kerr-burke on 11/04/1997 and has been 
				maintained at zero cost to tna for the last 26 years all 
				rights are reserved.






all site material is copyright © (content) 
				belongs to perspective owners creators' and
				texas numismatic association, 
				inc.










