


enduro news - the world of offroad motorcycling

















  feb 23rd sunday
  kilburn pay & play
  north yorkshire










0161 483 5559







 

























2016
          rhayader bec


2002 snowrun

2000
snowrun 

1998
snowrun                                       
          
kawasaki
          king                                      
           

enduro
          films 


offroad
          orange 2015

1996
          little oaks



   
about enduro news 

enduro news was founded in  1998 by bob mullins
(pictured above) to promote
      the 1999 2nd round of the fim world enduro championship held in llandovery 
enduro

 is the offroad motorcycle equivalent of car rallying. riders follow a
      marked course & compete over timed stages. it requires the technical
      ability of trials & the speed of motocross. as well as  the atv
      machines made by honda, yamaha,
      suzuki & kawasaki there are specialists manufacturers such  ktm,
      bmw, husaberg, husqvarna, gasgas, tm, sherco & aprilia. the machines require
      tough suspension & road legal mx tyres. tyre manufacturers such
      as  metzeler maxxis michelin & pirelli sponsor the events. there
      is an aftermarket parts industry with acerbis plastics, renthal
      handlebars. fmf exhausts, the riding gear is also specially made by suppliers such
      as sinisalo, no fear, thor, scott, oakley goggles, fox, alpinestar
      boots,  aria, airoh helmets.



enduro
        news 
 is sponsored by ctr events, d3
        racing, dirtbike-action, dr.shox suspension, eurotek,  fast eddy racing,
endurotyres, gbxc, husqvarna, husky sport, manchester extreme,
                mounter motorcycles, mrs, mtb, offroad orange, paul green tyres.
                pro-racing, raw events, steve plain
mc, trackntrail, wor events. lec racing











 



events

photos
bikes
        for sale
contact





advertise
your bike for £5










rogershill raceway









        acu southern centre winter series 
 round 4, saturday 8th february at
        rogershill raceway.
photos by nicholas guppy abd report by emily hall
in the championship class there was an intense 2-hour battle between
        ricky wiggins and brad king ,details










wor events







wor
        winter hh series rd2
        
pics doc ward words :
        wesmedia
        
the sand & pebble quarry in stoke is back in wor enduro
        sport's schedule with a bang... and a big entry over the weekend too
        with nearly 300 riders taking part.
details 
        - round 3 at stoke details











extreme









billy
        bolt wins romanian round
        billy bolt dominates superenduro romania
        husqvarna factory racing rider strengthens championship lead following
        winning performance at round three. details











extreme




billy
        bolt wins 2025 valleys xtreme
        billy bolt won the 2025 valleys xtreme ahead of paul bolton. radford
        chugg was 3rd, charlie frost was 4th and burts crayston was 5th 
details










wtra




2025
        snowrun canceled
        the 2025 wtra snowrun enduro has been canceled due to the debri left by
        recent storms in the
        crychan forest. details










superenduro









billy bolt extends superenduro lead with victory in germany
        clean sweep of wins sees husqvarna factory racing rider dominate at round
two aboard his fe 350  details










extreme






it's
            a double sammy!!! ( whammy
coney green was set up to an impeccable standard by wor
        events last sunday ..with many coney green farm regulars over the last
        20 odd years that said it was the best track yet to be set up at the
        venue..big praise indeed... but just another standard that this
        organisation set as a standard rule.. details 
     
    
             
 
        
     
    
             
 
        
          







rogershill raceway





round
3 of the acu southern centre winter series 

        round 3 of the acu southern centre winter series was hosted on the postponed
date of the 15th of december, thankfully the weather was fantastic with track
conditions being spot on. details








superenduro





billy
        bolt gets 2025 superenduro season off to strong start with victory in
        poland
husqvarna factory racing star takes two wins from three races
        at round one to claim an early championship lead details










wor events








wor events wess "25 dates posted
        -  details







extreme






"the
return of / a new extreme event ..the tough one!!! ????
the ukgncc weekend that wor run every early may bank holiday in mamble ,
worcs..is quite possibly the best venue to ever grace a uk enduro event... mr
race boss, steve ireland has been doing some intense thinking of late ...( lots
of time on his hands in recovery from hip op) ..the venue with it's amazing
woodlands has a plethora of extremities that would make an amazing extreme
enduro lap and would be an apt and appropriate place to re introduce the
currently retired, world famous ,tough one name back into the fray of events..
the proposed event would be saturday the 3/5/2025... a 3hr big lap epic starting
at 4.30pm.... this post is a teaser !! ...state your interest in competing by
sending an email to entries@worevents.com 
with the simple line .. "i'm
in" ..enough feedback and entries could open in january 25 .. only the
riders can make it happen ..lets hear you!!
are you tough enough?







roof
              of africa






wade
young wins roof of africa 2024, equals alfie cox's record of nine victories
south african hard enduro star wade young has triumphed at the 2024 roof of
africa, claiming his ninth career victory to equal the legendary alfie cox's
all-time record. details








diss mcc






alex snow wins muntjac  
details









dyfed dirt bike club







the
          brechfa
          rally is back
the dyfed dirt bike club will be hosting their brechfa
          rally for 2025. the date has been set for 15th - 16th march. as well
          as the usual rally classes, this year it will also be a round of the
          british classic enduro and british sidecar enduro.
          the route has been set to cater for all classes with a good mixture of
          enduro and rally going, as well as having two tests per lap photo gary
          jones.







more news
























































jack frost enduro update: entries
open friday evening 31st january at 7pm, via the acu sport 80 website - details 

rhayader motor club·
        just looking ahead to 2025!
        here is our provisional fixture list for next season -
        saturday evening 18th january - presentation night
        sunday 30th march - jack frost enduro
        saturday 26th april - youth hare 'n hounds
        sunday 27th april - king of the hill sprint
        wednesday 28th may - evening motocross
        friday 1st august - sunday 3rd august - enduro gp of wales
        simon rees memorial hare 'n hounds - date to be confirmed. 
     
    
             
             
        
           
            
           
           
           





 










lincolnshire enduro club 2025 - race dates 
we are now in the position to add venues to the already selected dates for our 8
round series of 3 hour hare & hounds in 2025. 
9/3/2025...ashby puerorum ... 
6/4/2025... gonerby ...
11/5/2025... n.willingham ...
22/6/2025... n.willingham ...
20/7/2025...dembleby ...14/9/2025... ingleby ...
5/10/25... ingleby 
2/11/2025... ashby puerorum
       
    








  


