jacksonville restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in jacksonville by diningguide
homeaboutcontactjacksonville restaurantsmobile versionen españoladd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > jacksonville home pagejacksonville restaurantsrestaurant posts“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie.”“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie. their passion for improving t…”posted by: your pie - jacksonville beach and hodges“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie.”“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie. their passion for improving t…”posted by: your pie - st. johns“just like in italy”“food and family come first at your pie. their passion for improving their communities by …”posted by: your pie - jacksonville southsiderestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“great people making great food!”private member, orange park - “just got home from another satisfying visit to joe…”said about: joey mozzarella“reservations”non-member, reader - “they do take reservations. and on open table. great good an…”said about: stonewood grill & tavern“drive thru”ray , st. augustine - “tried to order a pot pie and large side salad at the drive…”said about: kfcwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's jacksonville diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan jacksonville, florida.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find jacksonville restaurants by location or cuisine.

with proximity to the ocean, it's no surprise that seafood is a hot commodity along florida's first coast, especially at restaurants within the jacksonville area and in nearby st. augustine, the nation's oldest city. in some cases, fresh catch often comes straight from a restaurateur's own fleet. shrimp, snapper, swordfish and grouper are plentiful. yet southern-fried chicken, sushi, steak, or barbeque are also popular at locations sufficiently varied to suit most tastes and budgets. if some regional dishes seem to have added zing, credit the fact that st. augustine is the only area in the nation where the datil pepper is commercially grown. hotter than a jalepeno, the datil was brought to the region from the old world by minorcan settlers. for the record, wild, native muscadine grapes were plentiful from early discovery times in the area just north of st. augustine all the way up to what is now jacksonville. french huguenots and the spanish were the first to convert the grapes to wine, launching north 
american cultivation of grapes for wine production long before californians got into the act. now st. augustine's san sebastian winery carries on traditions for the birthplace of american vintages.




diningguide jacksonville is part of metroguide jacksonville, offering guides to events, shopping, hotels, entertainment and more for the entire region.

jacksonville dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan jacksonville 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown jacksonville
the downtown area straddles the banks of the saint john river, with the riverwalk shopping district on the south side

·jacksonville
dining options with jacksonville and coast addresses outside the downtown area proper

·jacksonville airport
dining options at or near the jacksonville international airport (jax) and the jax speedway

·saint augustine
restaurants in america's oldest city (founded in 1565)

·amelia island
dining options in amelia island a barrier island located about 30 miles northeast of jax, and fernandina beach located on the same island

·jacksonville beach
restaurants located in the jacksonville beach, atlantic beach and ponte vedra beach areas

jacksonville dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
low-carb itemsamericanamerican - casualasianbarbequecafecaribbeanchickenchinesecontinentaldelicatessenfast foodfine diningfrenchitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanpizzeriapubsseafoodspanishsteakthai
to return to the diningguide jacksonville home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at jacksonville restaurantschico bean comedic performance live… performance - comedic the comedy zone (gigi's restaurant)thu 3/27/25 fri 3/28/25 dave landau comedic performance live… performance - comedic the comedy zone (gigi's restaurant)thu 5/1/25 fri 5/2/25 take it or leave it podcast tv / radio taped program… performance - headliner the comedy zone (gigi's restaurant)tue 1/28/25 jeff rosenstock pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal underbellysun 2/23/25 mike. (michael jordan bonema) rap / hip hop music performance… music - hip hop & rap underbellyfri 4/25/25 aurorawave reggae / reggaeton concert performance… arts - concerts underbellythu 3/13/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide daytona beachdiningguide gainesvillediningguide savannahrelated links:diningguide florida keysdiningguide fort lauderdalediningguide fort myers diningguide miamidiningguide naples diningguide orlandodiningguide palm beachesdiningguide panama city beach diningguide pensacoladiningguide sarasota diningguide space coast diningguide tallahasseediningguide tampa diningguide treasure coast other links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide augustadiningguide hilton head islanddiningguide maconmetroguide.network > diningguide > jacksonville home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide jacksonville are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideportofcallmore locations...full map



jacksonville restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoriteschew restaurantcozy tea five points jacksonvilletento churrascariasanta maria restaurantbaxter'sruth's chris steak housela nopaleracici's pizzachart housebuca di beppola pizzariafamous amosmetro dinermilano'smurray's grille


