



rikki ~ freelance commission artist /  art instructor for adults & children























rikki ~ freelance commission artist /  art instructor for adults & children




















pansy ring in 14k yellow gold

























set with saffire and diamonds



contact rikki for your custom creations:rikkioriginals@gmail.comif you are interested in any of rikki's creations on this
         page, jewelry ~ t-shirts ~ bells ~ reflective decals ~ or wish to have rikki make a custom creation for you or a loved one,
         you may email rikki at any time.  rikki's custom originals are all designed and individually handmade by rikki. they
         are of the finest quality to endure themselves of the highest collector's artistic market for years and generations to come.
         your order of a rikki original sets you apart from the crowd and assures your own personal style and statement. rikki's sculpted art pieces are made by the lost wax casting method. rikki
         uses only the finest precious metals and jewels. all raw materials are purchased in america and american made. de-ox sterling
         silver is designed to achieve hardness and will be more tarnish resistant. rikki casts in 14k white or yellow golds. the care
         of your sterling silver or gold pieces can be followed by the same directions on any good quality precious metal polish.look below at some of the photos and prices of rikki's painting, jewelry,
         bells and t-shirts as well as one-of-a kind custom creations.





holiday wreath in 14k yellow gold

























set with diamonds








solid sterling silver tarantula bell

























bell clapper in spider's body unique fender mount








"back off" reflective safety wear

























reflects with light at night 








bear with diamond sparkled eyes

























painted on original coffin tank 1973








rikki's original reflective dyecut decals

























"back off" helmet reflective decal $2.50 each







rikki on her 1958 xlch custom harley davidson

























magneto, coffin tank ol' iron head chopper






all materials are american made

























all hand made by rikki







solid 14k white or yellow gold "rose rings"

























elegantly accented with colored diamonds custom $580.00












this site 

the web 












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 


 
 








wolf pack living in peace

























acrylic on canvas wrap frame 








howling for joy

























original watercolor - reproduced on pocket t-shirt








solid sterling silver wrap cuff bracelet

























rikki's custom design







the growl

























original watercolor







the round up

























acrylic on canvas wrap by rikki








solid sterling silver candle holder

























rikki original bear cub up a tree stump








welcome to my web site!i pride myself on
         providing the highest-quality in my art and personal service. here are a few examples of my custom creations. they are
         all hand made by me in solid golds or silver. my paintings are acrylic, oil or watercolor, on canvas, paper or fabric.
         i have also painted sheet metal for motorcycles, planes and cars. i sculpt, paint, do leather tooling, create in metals and
         create custom wearable art to wear, enjoy and collect. you can always order a "rikki original" by contacting
         rikki at rikkioriginals@gmail.com and discussing designs, wishes and goals for ordering a custom creation. all custom orders are subject to a deposit
         or final agreed price, paid in full including s&h and insurance through pay pal.




solid sterling silver bull buffalo bell  $470.00

























double clappers make this unique and a priceless original



i take an enormous pride in my hand-made creations, and hope that you'll find something that you like. i
         also can create a custom original designed and individually handmade to your desires.  all of my works are of the finest
         quality to endear themselves of the highest collector's artistic market for years and generations to come. your order of a
         rikki custom original sets you apart from the crowd and assures your own personal style and statement. please call or
         email and let me know what you would want created.i look forward to creating and doing business
         with you.if you need to contact rikki ... please feel free to email rikkirikkioriginals@gmail.com

we will be accepting pay pal as well as the following credit cards, secured and protected:

samples of rikki's solid sterling silver bellsthrough
         church and state bells have been rungliberty  and
          justice for all still echoes the voices of history and resonates the sweet tone of freedom as does our united states
         of america icon ......... the liberty bellbells have been
         special for centuries. they are used in dancing, to summon attention, in honor and remembrance, respect and in celebration.
         bells have been used on horses and carriages. you might have noticed a bell on hikers' backpacks or belts. these are to alert
         the bears that the hikers are approaching the bear's territory. you may have seen the importance of bells on boats, on airplanes, in
         cars, trucks or hanging on someone's motorcycle. bells have a special meaning to the individual owner, representing an event,
         a remembrance, a gift, a totem or a lucky charm to ward off evil spirits. rikki's bells are custom made and dedicated to them
         all in your own symbolic representation with every jingle and ring. the tone of rikki's silver bells are heard around
         the world.










the true colors of nature's peacemaker ~ 

























the wolf original acrylic on canvas wrap by rikki







 


 












solid sterling silver bear bell

























$300.00








solid sterling silver wild boar hawg bell

























$380.00








solid sterling silver eagle bell

























$300.00








solid sterling silver happy pig bell

























happy pig bell $300.00








solid sterling silver horse bell

























horse bell   $520.00









call rikki 412-914-0387 or email rikki  rikkioriginals@gmail.com 


 




monday - friday




8:30am - 5pm 






saturday 



9am - 5pm 










email rikki         
                      rikkioriginals@gmail.com





please feel free to leave your email address to rikki for any questions or orders that you might have.
























rikki * p.o. box 112552 * pittsburgh, pennsylvania * usa * 15241 phone: (412) 914-0387 fax: (412) 914-0387
powered by register.com













