





eastern oregon university | oregon's rural university













































skip to main content












my.eou portal current students faculty/staff



apply
visit
request info
give now





submit










academics

academics
on campus programs
online programs
colleges of study
academic calendar
academic catalog
registrar



admissions

admissions
freshman
transfer
international students
virtual tour
visit eou
request info
scholarships
tuition & fees



financial aid


athletics


campus life

campus life
student services
housing
clubs & organizations
community
 recreation



alumni & foundation


news & events


about

about
the eastern edge
leadership
history
mission
directories / find people















eastern oregon university homepage



spring term registration is open!speak with your advisor today! 

master of business administrationapplications for the master of business administration program are open through march 24, 2025.
learn more and apply today! 










cost to attend
bienvenidos a eou


military and veterans


transfer




regional centers
online


early college initiatives


international




safety & security

contact campus security: (541) 962-3911


safe winter walking

stay safe and steady this winter! give yourself extra time, wear sturdy shoes with good traction, and stick to cleared paths. walk smart, stay upright, and enjoy the beautiful eastern oregon winter!

more safety tips



mountaineer information center

visit the mountaineer information center on the first floor of inlow hall for all things eou! get help with financial aid, advising, the eou portal, and more. schedule appointments, grab your student id, buy parking permits, or use the free food pantry.




 program profile: politics, policy & public administration


delivered 100% online, the bachelor’s in politics, policy and public administration program offers unique rural-informed global curriculum and hands-on learning opportunities, such as field placements and internships. gain essential public service knowledge, skills and connections through eastern oregon university’s online b.s./b.a. in politics, policy and public administration. you’ll learn to respond effectively and fairly to issues that affect global communities. our transfer-friendly program accepts up to 135 credit hours.

visit the pppa program website





daniel costie, ph.d.
assistant professor of public administration
dr. costie received a dual bachelor of arts in spanish and political science from aquinas college, a master of arts in international development from american university, and a ph.d. in public affairs from university of colorado-denver. he has worked as a consultant in evaluating the impact of community organizations on urban climate resilience and their ability to bring their voices into their decision-making process. his recent research and dissertation investigates the use of strategic discourse in shaping the policy agenda related to hydraulic fracturing in colorado and new york, specifically how increasing access to social media is allowing minority groups the opportunity to compete discursively with policy actors who have disproportionate influence.









in the news…
it’s easy to find and share news and events at eou.
visit the eou news center




eou nightingale gallery showcases regional high school artists in annual exhibition


eou nightingale gallery showcases regional high school artists in annual exhibition la grande, ore. – the nightingale gallery of eastern oregon university presents our annual “eastern oregon regional high school exhibition.”  the exhibition runs from february 21 to march 14. there will be an opening reception for the exhibition friday, february 21 from 5 p.m.…read the full article







calendar
if using apple mobile devices (iphone/ipad) to view the eou public calendar, you must use the safari browser with cross-site tracking enabled in your privacy settings for all events to display properly.



union county oregon calendar of events





mountaineer ascents
nicholas vece, a senior at eou majoring in theatre arts and psychology with a minor in music, talks about why he chose eastern and the opportunities he has encountered along the way.
mountaineer ascents is a series of interviews with current eastern oregon university students, asking why they chose eou, what their experience has been like and what they hope to get out of their education. 

view the mountaineer ascents playlist on youtube





































find us on these social networks...





copyright © eastern oregon university 2020. all rights reserved


eastern oregon university
			 		one university boulevard
			 		la grande, or 97850-2807
800-452-8639 or 541-962-3672
contact us
accreditation
media contact information


accessibility / usabilitybookstorecareer centerconsumer informationdirectories / find peopleinlow hall renovation office directorysafety and securityemploymentlibrarypayment portalreport financial fraud, waste or abuse











