









homepage | reach out & read of greater ny

































































































search for:



 









menu





 about us  

mission + impact
press + social
staff + leadership
work with us
national affiliates


book buying buddies
parents & families  

clinic locations
resources


get involved  

ways to give
corporate supporters
volunteers
healthcare providers
book donation
events


contact
donate





























when children learn to read, their own stories begin.
where great stories begin











more than 1/2 of nyc’s public school 3rd graders read below grade level.
the problem is even bigger in communities of concentrated poverty, whereone age-appropriate book exists for every 300 children. caregivers in these communities lack resources to read to their kids on a regular basis.
without a regular reading ritual, young children will enter kindergarten at a tremendous disadvantage and spend elementary school catching up.
children who do not read proficiently by 3rd grade are4x more likely to drop out of school.






reach out and read is a research-driven intervention that provides children with books during pediatric checkups so that families can read to their children at home. we partner with health care providers to put books in the hands of children, from birth to 5 years old, and literacy resources in the hands of caregivers.
we make reading aloud a routine part of well-child visits so that families make reading a routine at home.



how we work…

research






we’re changing new york.



230 program sites in greater new york 



250,000 children served annually



3-6 mo. advantage in early vocabulary



6 million books for 1 million families since 1999



our impact

in the news
pediatrician in harlem emphasizes reading to help kids stay healthyjanuary 29, 2025by amanda d’ambrosio crain’s new york business “they are able – through books and libraries – to get out of that mindset and explore other cultures, ideas and experiences,” ableman… read more: pediatrician in harlem emphasizes reading to help kids stay healthy
reach out and read gny rings the opening bell at the ny stock exchangejanuary 29, 2025the new york stock exchange welcomes reach out & read to the podium to celebrate 25 years of bringing books and the joy of reading to children across new york… read more: reach out and read gny rings the opening bell at the ny stock exchange
dr. salcedo and marty martinez talk early literacy on bronx netnovember 27, 2024kibin alleyne is joined by marty martinez, ceo of reach out and read; along with dr. vanessa salcedo, greater new york clinician of reach out and read at union community health center in the bronx, to discuss how early literacy helps support healthy brain development.
pediatric meltdown podcast with claudia aristy & dr. lia gagginonovember 21, 2024reach out and read:  how a book can change a life what happens when a pediatrician hands a free book to a parent and changes the trajectory of a life? … read more: pediatric meltdown podcast with claudia aristy & dr. lia gaggino
reach out and read gny at the 2024 somos conference: building literacy and resilience in latino youthnovember 21, 2024at the 2024 somos conference in puerto rico, reach out and read of greater new york was honored to participate in the rising readers panel: building literacy and resilience in… read more: reach out and read gny at the 2024 somos conference: building literacy and resilience in latino youth
eva mendes to receive children’s literacy award at the reach out and read of greater new york 25th anniversary gala october 8, 2024a book for every child: 25 years & counting!  october 9, 2024, at city winery, nyc  new york, ny — reach out and read of greater new york (ror gny)… read more: eva mendes to receive children’s literacy award at the reach out and read of greater new york 25th anniversary gala 




donate 
invest in imagination








supporters



volunteers



caregivers



providers






see what people are saying…




“studies of reach out and read show that participating parents read more and children’s preschool vocabularies improve when parents read more.”







give not just the gift of the book, but also provide a caring adult to share reading it aloud.







“it has doctors, actually has doctors distribute books, almost like prescribing reading for children.”







“a large body of research has shown that children who are exposed to books at a young age go on to do better on a wide variety of measures…”







“dr. mogilner and thousands of doctors throughout the city take literacy promotion one step further.”


















home
mission + impact
book buying buddies
press + social
staff + leadership   




corporate supporters
volunteers
parents + families
healthcare providers




contact
donate
2023 annual report












subscribe to our newsletter














105 west 86th street #330 new york, ny 10024
646-453-6785
info@reachoutandreadnyc.org



© 2024 reach out and read of greater new york
reach out and read of greater new york is a 501c3 organization in the state of new york, ein 13-4080045.
privacy policy and terms of use

website design for nonprofits  by elevation web






translate »






























