housing and dining services



powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





document with check mark











home


laptop-purple






computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




housing and dining servicessearch
search
housing and dining serviceslive where you learn! our award-winning dining centers, residence halls, scholarship houses and apartment neighborhoods offer something for everyone.


log in to the resident portal
https://housing.k-state.edu/residentportal
y

log in to the resident portal
   		


interested in living with us?
the 2025-2026 residential hall contract was on monday, dec. 9 and is available to all incoming students and returning residents. view the contract at a glance and the sample contract or log into the resident portal to complete the contract.




contract webinar
we hosted our contract webinar for incoming 2025 students on dec. 3. be sure to watch it to understand what should be done before filling out the contract, how to access and fill it out and answers to frequently asked questions.





save the date!
plan on joining us at 7 p.m. on tuesday, march 11 for our room selection webinar. join us for answers to your questions and a step-by-step walkthrough of the room selection process.

live with us again!
if you're loving your on-campus campus adventure and want to level-up your living for the 2025-2026 academic year, you have the chance now. check your k-state email for more information about important dates to plan for and what you'll need to do. your ra and community coordinators are also available if you have questions about the process or timeline or want to learn more about the available living options.
 
 
 
 

take a tour
there are plenty of opportunities to take a tour of any of our residence halls! both drop-in tours and pre-scheduled tours are available to prospective students.


learn more



can't join us in-person on campus? check out our youtube channel for virtual hall tours!


virtual hall tours



 
 
resident portalexplore your optionsfirst year residency2025-2026 residential contract
 
 

2025 princeton review
housing and dining services prides ourselves on taking excellent care of our residents, and that is reflected in our recent princeton review rankings. the 2025 princeton review ranks us #2 happiest students, #2 best quality of life, #8 best college residence halls, and #14 best campus food.
from fostering community in our residence halls, to serving up delicious home cooked meals in the dining centers, and teaching responsibility and leadership through student employment in our retail operations, housing and dining strives for residents to have a well-rounded and positive experience living on-campus.
learn more about the top rankings k-state received and see for yourself why students love our university!
 
 
 
 

 





sample contract
review the terms and conditions on a sample contract before you sign yours.



roomsync
find a roommate using roomsync.



summer contract change
make edits to your optional summer housing contract.
 



we're hiring!nothing is more convenient than working where you live. we currently have open positions across our department including dining services, student living, maintenance and facilities, retail and residential networking.learn more and apply
 

housing and dining services app
housing and dining services now has an app! with the new k-state hds mobile app, easily access the dining center menus, view your meal, catcash and dining dollars balance at a glance, check in or out of your residence hall or apartment and file a work order.
more functionality will continue to be added. download it on the apple app or google play store today!
 
  

 
 
thank you!
we're here to answer your questions. call us at 785-532-6453 or email housing@k-state.edu. 

housing and dining services104 pittman building 1531 mid campus dr. north, manhattan, ks 66506 785-532-6453 | 888-568-5027 |  785-532-6855  fax | housing@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 2/11/25

