






clearbrook | homepage






































































skip to content





























join our teamemployee portal










search



				search			







close



 























join our teamemployee portal














about us board of directors executive staff clearbrook in the news join our teamprograms & services adult services clinical services cmhc community day services employment services pal residential services children’s services child & family connections (cfc) early intervention child transition services autism resources home-based services respite clearbrook westget involved advocacy events love-a-bowl shining star ball volunteer associate boardcorporate matching giftsgiving impact society partner in potential planned givingcontact









donate










				search			



search



 








visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our linkedin page





visit our youtube page





visit our @clearbrook_il page





 







 






					menu				










donate




















about us board of directors executive staff clearbrook in the news join our teamprograms & services adult services clinical services cmhc community day services employment services pal residential services children’s services child & family connections (cfc) early intervention child transition services autism resources home-based services respite clearbrook westget involved advocacy events love-a-bowl shining star ball volunteer associate boardcorporate matching giftsgiving impact society partner in potential planned givingcontact










 
















it's more than a job.


clearbrook



clearbrook recognizes talent, rewards initiative, and offers great benefits. join us in sharing innovation, opportunity, and care with a population that is oftentimes overlooked.  







apply today




















we are clearbrook



clearbrook empowers adults and children with intellectual/developmental disabilities to live their fullest lives possible. we’re proud of our deep expertise that spans six decades—allowing us to care for an array of unique needs. with a staff of 900+ and more than 80 locations across chicagoland, clearbrook is proud to report that 90 percent of every dollar raised goes directly into our programs and services. 




























what we do

























about us


clearbrook is a nonprofit organization serving 8,000+ individuals and their families each year. 

 


















get involved


there are many ways to get involved! volunteer, donate, or attend a special event to support clearbrook. 

 


















programs & services


we provide services to children, adults & families impacted by developmental & intellectual disabilities. 

 


















jobs


with more than 900 employees at 50+ locations across the chicagoland area – clearbrook is always hiring! 

 






















our impact














we support
8,000+
 individuals and their families every year











we serve
160+
communities in chicago and northern illinois











we employ
900+
full-time and part-time staff





















programs & services

































home-based services


providing individuals and their families with services and support in the comfort and familiarity of their home and community. 

 
















children


encouraging the growth of children with developmental disabilities from birth through adolescence. 

 
















adults


supporting adults with disabilities through day programming, residential care, employment services, and so much more! 

 





































"our twin sons, zachary and kc have autism.  zachary lives independently but has people assisting him, while kc lives in a community integrated living arrangement (cila) operated by clearbrook.  as parents, we’re not going to be around forever, so having consistent, quality care for both of our sons going forward is crucial."ron & micki coppel, clearbrook parents and advocates 







































 sign up for our quarterly e-newsletter 




please enter your name.



please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.













 
















contact us



clearbrook
1835 west central road
arlington heights, il 60005
phone: 847.870.7711
email: info@clearbrook.org
 












quicklinks










donateemployee portalcalendarshop clearbrook apparelclearbrook training












follow us:












visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our linkedin page





visit our youtube page





visit our @clearbrook_il page





 









careers at clearbrook



join our team to help further our mission! 









openings



 

















clearbrook is a 501(c)3 organization, licensed, certified and/or accredited by the illinois department of human services, illinois department of public health, illinois department of rehabilitation services, sourceamerica, commission on accreditation of rehabilitation facilities, and the us department of labor. ein: 36-2420176 

















© 2025 blackbaud website package, all rights reserved.











privacy policycontact










 

scroll to top














