home page - ferrara fiorenza pc   5010 campuswood dr, east syracuse, ny 13057  315-437-7600abouteducation lawoverviewtrainingsemployment lawoverviewtrainingsattorneyscareersnewseventscontactsearch by we represent employers in all aspects of employment and labor relations lawemployment lawlearn morewe provide proactive and practical legal services for public schools and boces clientseducation lawlearn morewe represent employers in all aspects of employment and labor relations lawemployment lawlearn morewe provide proactive and practical legal services for public schools and boces clientseducation lawlearn moreeducation law practiceemployment law practicecareer opportunitieslatest newseventswhat we doeducation lawwe encourage a proactive and preventative approach to promoting and maintaining a safe, productive and efficient environment for educating students and serving the school community. we offer a blend of expertise and practical advice resulting from years of hands-on business and operational management experience. we analyze and work to resolve both unique and routine challenges confronted by boards of education and administrators.learn moreemployment lawour practice is dedicated exclusively to the representation of employers in all aspects of employment and labor relations law. this highly regulated environment demands representation based on strategic solutions tailored to the needs and objectives of each employer. we recognize the importance of both leadership and compliance in organizational success.learn morelatest postsfeb 6th, 2025by ferrara fiorenza pcwe're hiring: construction attorneyferrara fiorenza, pc seeking to add experienced attorneys to its growing construction law team! jan 31st, 2025by ferrara fiorenza pcwe're hiring: employment attorneyferrara fiorenza, pc seeking to add experienced attorneys to its growing employment law team!jan 23rd, 2025by colleen w. heinrichan inadequate response to an accused may give rise to title ix liabilitya recent court decision reminds school districts that the rights of the accused must also be protected during any title ix investigation. in the case of schiebel v. schoharie central school district, 120 f. 4th 1082 (2d. cir. 2024), an agricultural educator brought a title ix claim against the school district, alleging that the school district discriminated against him on the basis of sex in the manner that it conducted a title ix investigation. the court found the educator set forth a viable claim exposing the school district to liability. meet our attorneysdaria ivasiukassociate attorneyvisit our team pageconnect with ussubmitsyracuse office 5010 campuswood dr.east syracuse, new york 13057315-437-7600rochester office 290 linden oaks - suite 230rochester, new york  14625  585-441-0345binghamton office 520 columbia dr. suite 204johnson city, new york 13790607-797-4839ferrara fiorenza pcferrara fiorenza pc's staff of attorneys is widely recognized for their expertise in all areas of education and employment law and dedicate their practices to serving public school districts, boces and private sector employers throughout upstate new york, from the southern tier to the north country. quick linkseducation lawemployment lawaboutattorneysfind us on twitterwe are honored to be recognized by our staff and the cny business journal as a “best place to work” in central new york for 2024!© 2025 ferrara fiorenza pc




                          school/business
                      




