






privileged to serve the acadiana community


























skip to main content


















careersaboutblognewsgivingvolunteercontact us 





mychart 







schedule appointment 












servicesfind a doctor 

                                                    locations
                                                    










communities we serve



acadiana
our lady of lourdes health has been serving acadiana since 1949 and is uniquely capable of being your healthcare partner across your full spectrum of life. 
 
acadiana






 

greater baton rouge
our lady of the lake health is committed to building a healthy community through excellence in patient care and education. we provide care for a full range of illness or injury, including those that are extremely complex. 
 
greater baton rouge






 

greater jackson
providing exceptional healthcare to the greater jackson area is at the heart of st. dominic’s mission and ministry. we care for the sick and improve the health of our community.
 
greater jackson






 

northeast louisiana
st. francis health provides comprehensive healthcare services and offers the highest level of care available in our area through an acute-care hospital, freestanding outpatient center and 19 outpatient clinics.
 
northeast louisiana






 

northshore
with a large array of outpatient and inpatient services available, our lady of the angels health and our lady of the lake physician group northshore  can provide for just about all your healthcare needs. 
 
northshore






 



view all locations












                                                    patients & guests
                                                    











patient resources
mychartadvanced care planningfinancial assistance policynondiscrimination and accessibilityprice transparencyprivacy policyrecognize a team membervirtual visits
 
patient resources






 

billing & insurance
get all the facts on our system-wide standards and practices.
 
billing and insurance






 

guest information
our goal is to make your stay or visit to one of our hospitals as comfortable as possible and to keep you informed about your care every step of the way.
 
guest information






 

classes & events
find out about educational classes we offer throughout our health system, as well as important events.
 
classes & events






 



patients and guests










research and education




















what can we help you find?



keyword





search


popular links


 
find a doctor






 
find a location






 
acadiana






 
research and education






 
primary care






 

 
make an appointment






 
patients and guests






 
classes and events






 











home
/


locations
/


acadiana






share





print











acadiana








our lady of lourdes has been serving acadiana since 1949. lourdes is uniquely capable of being your healthcare partner across your full spectrum of life. we employ more than 2,800 team members, including a medical staff of more than 850 in a variety of medical surgical specialties. that means we can provide for just about all your healthcare needs—even the most complex. and as part of the franciscan missionaries of our lady health system, spanning louisiana and mississippi, our patients can get high-quality specialized care when and wherever they need it.














 

make an appointment









 

find a location









 

find a provider









 

patients and guests resources




 









celebrating 75 years of commitment to the community

our lady of lourdes health has been an integral part of the acadiana community since 1949, and this year we mark 75 years of healing, mission and compassion.

 
learn more






 






our vision for acadiana’s health

as part of our commitment to advancing acadiana, we are making updates across our campuses to create environments that match the exceptional care provided by our team. 

 discover more





 






                            at a glance
                        






our hospitals

our lady of lourdes regional medical center
our lady of lourdes heart hospital
our lady of lourdes women's and children's hospital






our emergency rooms

our lady of lourdes heart hospital er

our lady of lourdes regional medical center er 
our lady of lourdes women’s & children’s er
our lady of lourdes emergency center in scott 





institutes and centers of care

jd moncus cancer center
our lady of lourdes burn center












primary care when and where you need it

                                we are committed to providing quality primary care for you and your family thanks to a wide network of physicians you can count on. our lady of lourdes and lourdes physician group work together to bring care for every season of life. get connected to one of our primary care physicians today.
                            
 make an appointment





 




the best and safest care in lafayette
our lady of lourdes regional medical center in lafayette received an “a” grade in patient safety from the leapfrog group in 2021 and 2022. the distinction is based on peer review of more than 30 performance measures looking at the number of accidents, injuries, infections and errors in a hospital setting, as well as the efficiency of systems a hospital puts in place to prevent harm. lourdes’ consecutive top-tier grades acknowledges a consistent system of safety protocols that positions it as the safest hospital in the lafayette area.







pediatrics
our goal is to make pediatric care easier for you and your child and to work together to create healthy habits that last a lifetime.

 


 




women's health services
from labor and delivery services to comprehensive breast health services, we offer a host of specialties just for women.

 


 




cancer care
at the jd moncus cancer center, we’ve assembled a team of the best and brightest oncology specialists to lead the fight against cancer and work hand in hand with our patients to offer the best, most compassionate care available.

 


 




heart care
a unique model of focused cardiovascular care spans two campuses, our lady of lourdes regional medical center and our lady of lourdes heart hospital.

 


 












                        our lady of lourdes health
                    

                        excellence is at the heart of everything we do at our lady of lourdes health. explore how we provide world-class care to the acadiana region, offering groundbreaking treatments, expert providers and compassionate patient care.
                    



expect excellence at our lady of lourdes health
                                        






expect excellence at our lady of lourdes health2
                                        






meet james gutheil, md - pediatric orthopedic surg...
                                        






spirit of healing at our lady of lourdes health
                                        






our lady of lourdes celebrates 75 years
                                        






celebrating 75 years of our lady of lourdes health
                                        






ragin' cajuns and our lady of lourdes health
                                        






ragin' cajuns above and beyond
                                        






ragin' cajuns how we cheer
                                        






carpool connections with market president, stephan...
                                        









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































1/10

















neonatal intensive care unit

                                having a baby is an exciting journey, but sometimes, a baby might come sooner than expected. our team at our lady of lourdes women’s & children’s hospital has the experience and leading-edge technology to keep your little one safe and healthy. that includes acadiana’s only level iii surgical nicu and an nicu transport team that can safely “bring the nicu to the baby.”
                            
 find out more





 






neurology

                                as the first stroke center of excellence in louisiana, our neuromedical services provide the region with more than 100 specialized caregivers at 7 neurological clinics providing comprehensive care for a variety of nervous system disorders, including als, multiple sclerosis, stroke and more.
                            
 find out more





 






not seeing a service you need?
as part of franciscan missionaries of our lady health system, access to specialty care is convenient and referrals are seamless.

view all services in our health system









 




these people have my back. it didn’t matter if i was in the hospital or just going to an appointment. if it had anything to do with lourdes, i always felt comfortable.

read daniel's story of cancer survival










our blog



 view all blogs




 


in the news




awards & recognition
clinical excellence & innovation
our lady of lourdes health receives press ganey guardian of excellence awards
february 04, 2025





awards & recognition
clinical excellence & innovation
our lady of lourdes earns an ‘a’ hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group
january 07, 2025




 view all news




 



 











the franciscan missionaries of our lady health system is one of the largest healthcare systems based in louisiana and is the leading healthcare provider for more than half of louisiana's population, as well as serves mississippi's largest metropolitan area. the health system is a non-profit, catholic organization sponsored by the franciscan missionaries of our lady. headquartered in baton rouge, louisiana, the ministry serves patients in louisiana and mississippi through a network of hospitals, clinics, physicians, elderly housing and integrated systems.







helpful links





find a doctor
mychart
schedule an appointment
find a location
search phone directory
join our team




our health system





our lady of the lake health
st. dominic hospital
st. francis health
our lady of lourdes health
our lady of the angels health
our lady of the lake children's health
our lady of lourdes children's health




more information





about us
mission and values
our sponsors
quality
health leaders network



contact us
4200 essen lane
baton rouge, la 70809





sitemap
|
privacy policy
|

disclaimer
|
nondiscrimination policy
|
price transparency


copyright ©

franciscan missionaries of our lady health system








