     chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership of redlands, ca                              









                                                                   redlands chrysler dodge jeep ram        sales 909-371-5807    service 909-302-0466  parts 909-347-5881      500 w redlands blvdredlands, ca 92373                           service        map        contact                          redlands chrysler dodge jeep ram           call 909-371-5807   directions                      new   new vehicles   search all plug-in/hybrid vehicles   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   explore electric vehicles   custom inventory   custom vehicles information     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles    certified pre-owned inventory   priced under 20k   carfax 1 owner   used vehicle specials   certified pre-owned program   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer     work trucks   work trucks home   work trucks inventory   business link   on the job allowances   catalogs & brochures     finance   finance center   apply for financing   payment calculator   instant offer     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service specials   express lane   service video library   parts department   order parts     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   happy customers   our blog   careers   leave us a review     research   research   2024 jeep wrangler configurations   2024 jeep wrangler color options                      home   new   new vehicles   search all plug-in/hybrid vehicles   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   explore electric vehicles   custom inventory   custom vehicles information     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles    certified pre-owned inventory   priced under 20k   carfax 1 owner   used vehicle specials   certified pre-owned program   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer     work trucks   work trucks home   work trucks inventory   business link   on the job allowances   catalogs & brochures     finance   finance center   apply for financing   payment calculator   instant offer     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service specials   express lane   service video library   parts department   order parts     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   happy customers   our blog   careers   leave us a review     research   research   2024 jeep wrangler configurations   2024 jeep wrangler color options               

                                 disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                          














   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       














schedule service
 schedule now


      search new inventory     search used inventory        



shop by brand



chrysler

|

dodge

|

jeep

|

ram

|

wagoneer









300





pacifica





pacifica hybrid









charger





challenger





durango









compass





wrangler





wrangler 4xe





cherokee





grand cherokee





grand cherokee l





gladiator





renegade









1500 trx





all-new 1500





1500 classic





ram 2500





ram 3500





ram chassis cab





promaster city





ram promaster









grand wagoneer






wagoneer



















finance









service









specials









parts





     

businesslink
the fast lane for small business.
businesslink members are always first in line for maintenance and repair work. with our dedicated account managers, you'll have a single point of contact who understands your business needs.
learn more





     








get pre-approved











trade appraisal









special offers











parts




      

chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership
in redlands, ca
your next pickup truck, suv, or sedan is waiting for you at redlands chrysler dodge jeep ram in redlands, ca. stop by our dealership or search for your favorite model and trim from the comfort of your home. view our available new inventory or available used inventory today to find your perfect ride.

                 


       


sales hours     monday 8:30am - 8:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 8:00pm    friday 8:30am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 7:00pm    
               





welcome to redlands chrysler dodge jeep ram
redlands cdjr has been a pillar of our community here in california since tom bell and junior beaurone took the reins in the 1980s. we work hard to offer a wide-ranging lineup of new and used vehicles to motorists in our community at affordable prices and interest rates. when you shop with our team, you'll experience top-tier customer service.
junior and tom lead by example, infusing the dealership with the values of integrity, honesty, and community engagement. we want to help drivers in our region secure safe, reliable, and hardworking vehicles because our business flourishes when our community thrives.
our knowledgeable sales team is ready to help you pick out the car of your dreams. the finance staff will try hard to help you secure the low-rate auto loan you've always fantasized about. we also offer a complimentary used vehicle warranty and numerous other benefits that set us apart from the competition. please visit or contact us today to learn more.
why choose redlands cdjr 





new chrysler dodge jeep ram vehicles for sale
as your chrysler dodge jeep ram dealer near san bernardino, ca, we could not be more thrilled to showcase our premium inventory. you can explore our entire selection of new cdjr vehicles online, but the best way to truly experience a new chrysler, dodge, jeep, or ram model is to visit in person and take it for a test drive. you can even schedule your tour before your arrival so your car will be ready and waiting for you! while you're here, a vehicle specialist can also walk you through your favorite car's key features.
new chrysler vehicles
when you need a safe, reliable family vehicle that can easily handle tough road conditions, the chrysler pacifica fits the bill. this all-wheel-drive minivan has a suite of more than 115 safety features, from full-speed forward collision warning plus to a pedestrian automatic emergency braking system. as a certified cdjr dealer, we also carry the chrysler pacifica hybrid. this fantastic new seven-passenger phev minivan delivers a phenomenal driving range alongside all the safety features of its gas-powered sibling. if you're leaning toward an elegant sedan, meet the 2023 chrysler 300 and its 3.6-liter v-6 or 5.7-liter hemi v-8 paired with sumptuous comfort inside the cabin.
new dodge vehicles
if performance and speed are up your alley, let us introduce you to our muscular dodge lineup. upgrade your dodge dealer experience with exciting options like the new dodge charger and its legendary muscle power or the new dodge challenger and its fierce and iconic performance and styling. when you need more space with your speed, consider the new dodge durango. its 85.1 cubic feet of max cargo space and next-level towing capabilities of this muscle suv allow you to bring all the gear you need for adventuring – and with three rows of seating, the whole family can tag along.
new jeep vehicles
from the legendary reliability of the jeep grand cherokee to the famous off-road performance of the jeep wrangler, our jeep dealership near san bernardino, ca, has the selection to impress. we also carry the 2024 grand cherokee l, which offers three rows of passenger seating and a luxurious, spacious interior. for even more capability, try the new jeep gladiator. this midsize pickup offers optimum utility with its 3.6-liter v-6 engine and best-in-class maximum gas towing capacity.1
new ram vehicles
when you need a top-performing truck that can tackle any job, our ram dealership located in san bernardino county, ca, is the place to go. from classic ram 1500 models that make light-duty work seem easy to powerful ram 3500 heavy-duty trucks that can haul and handle just about any equipment you need, we're confident you can find the perfect ram vehicle at redlands cdjr.
new vehicle specials & offers
when you need a reliable chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership near san bernardino, ca, that offers great new vehicle specials, we've got you covered! our team can help you discover ways to finance your new vehicle that makes sense for your lifestyle and budget. use our online tools to determine your kelley blue book® instant cash offer, value your trade-in, apply for financing, or calculate anticipated monthly payments for your new car.


used cars, trucks & suvs for sale
if a certified pre-owned or quality used vehicle is a better fit for you, we also offer a large selection of pre-owned cdjr vehicles. whether you need an suv with great fuel economy, a family sedan that can last for years, or a pickup truck to handle tough jobs, we have the used inventory you want. now is the perfect time to drive home that perfect new-to-you vehicle.
cdjr service in redlands, ca
our dealership includes an automotive service center where we will take great care of your vehicle. whether you need routine maintenance or a significant repair, our experienced automotive technicians have your back. we offer brake repair service, oil changes, tire rotations, vehicle inspections, and more.
we make it convenient to schedule service by offering you the ability to do so online. our team stands ready to get your vehicle back on the road in a timely manner. we can handle transmission rebuilds, part swaps, and other tough jobs.
our service specials make it even easier for motorists in our community to keep their vehicles in tip-top shape. these offers change with time, so be sure to keep an eye on the service deals we have to offer.
we also act as a parts and tire shop near san bernardino, ca. whether you need new rubber or you are searching for an upgrade, our professional staff can help you find the parts you need.
making it easier to get a fresh ride
our jeep lease deals make driving a brand-new vehicle more accessible. when you lease a car, you do not have to go through the hassle of getting an automotive loan. instead, you'll provide us with proof of income and submit to a credit check. once these hurdles are cleared, you'll typically make a down payment. then, you're free to leave our dealership in a 2024 jeep grand cherokee 4xe or whichever other vehicle you've decided to lease.
our ram 1500 specials can also include leasing options. the 2024 ram 1500 is an excellent choice for many drivers in redlands, ca. the vehicle offers power, durability, and the capacity to tow a boat, jet ski, or atv when properly equipped. it is available in a wide variety of trims and configurations, so there is a ram 1500 for everyone.
while leasing is a convenient option for many people, we understand that plenty of drivers prefer to purchase their automobiles outright. our new vehicle specials make this simpler for motorists near san bernardino, ca. we look forward to helping you get into the front seat of your next vehicle!
visit us today for a test drive
whether you're interested in one of our bold new vehicles or a used car, we're excited to work with you. once you've got a fresh ride, our service team can help you keep it in excellent shape by providing oil change service, tire rotations, brake pad replacement, and other automotive services.
our finance team will work closely with you to help you try to land the low-rate vehicle financing plan of your dreams. we can also help you decide whether leasing or buying a vehicle makes more sense for you and your family. the entire redlands cdjr team looks forward to helping you get the car you've always wanted.
you can schedule a test drive online, which can help you save time. if you're interested in a rugged new truck, a dynamic suv, or a magnificent muscle car, our inventory should have something that will catch your eye. please visit us in redlands, ca, for a test drive.




1class based on ward's small pickup segmentation. when properly equipped. competitor information based upon available manufacturer specifications. achievable on sport and sport s models. contact dealer for details.


    


warning: operating, servicing and maintaining a passenger vehicle or off-highway motor vehicle can expose you to chemicals including engine exhaust, carbon monoxide, phthalates, and lead, which are known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. to minimize exposure, avoid breathing exhaust, do not idle the engine except as necessary, service your vehicle in a well-ventilated area and wear gloves or wash your hands frequently when servicing your vehicle. for more information go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov/passenger-vehicle.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | redlands chrysler dodge jeep ram | 500 w redlands blvd, redlands, ca 92373 | sales: 909-371-5807             























                  