





lubricants have many uses, but one of the most common is reducing the friction between two surfaces rubbing against each other









































 






homebest waysharmingreasonscontact us 



menu







homebest waysharmingreasonscontact us 








 





type of lubricants 



 










more



















lubricants have many uses, but one of the most common is reducing the friction between two surfaces rubbing against each other.  























 this reduces wear and tear on these surfaces and can help keep them clean. without adequate lubrication, the equipment can quickly become damaged or inoperative.in the 17th century, the oil of vitriol was used as a lubricant. oil of vitriol is an acid that has antiseptic properties. wire rope lubricator the saponification (denatured) oil of this acid was then used in lubrication. 










 






different types of lubricants 











lubricants 



















different types of lubricants cater to different needs: some are specially formulated for use inside machinery to keep gears from wearing down. find more about wire rope lubrication here. 






info



















please keep reading to learn more 







in contrast, others are made for use by humans in sexual intercourse. please keep reading to learn more about the best types of lubricants and their respective applications! the most common type of oil-based lubricant is a general-purpose product engineered for industrial machines. these oils are highly resistant to breakdown by extreme temperatures and have a longer shelf life than other lubricants 



















01 



low viscosity  



they also have a low viscosity (thickness), allowing them to flow through machinery easily oil-based lubricants aren’t the best option for people with allergies or sensitive skin.  









more











02 



different forms 



they are available in many different forms; some products, such as those designed for sexual applications, can be water-soluble, while others are oil- 









more











03 



unsanitary 



they are also unsanitary because they get washed into the sewer system with wastewater.based and will not wash off in the water. 









more




















silicone lubes:  











another popular choice of lubricant is silicone-based. silicone-based lubricants are generally heavier than oil-based lubricants, meaning they absorb into the skin better and don’t wash up with wastewater as oils do. they also stay slippery much longer, making the experience more comfortable. silicone-based lubes are excellent for people with sensitive skin or those who want to be safe from skin irritation and rashes when using them. they’re also non-toxic and highly biodegradable 











  











water-based lubricants 



















water-based lubricants have a lower viscosity than oil-based products but can have a much higher density for industrial use. they are straightforward to wash off and are safe on a variety of surfaces, including plastic, glass, latex, rubber, and silicone. they are unscented and hypoallergenic and can be used by people with skin allergies or sensitivities. find our more here: https://www.amazon.com/ 










 






homebest waysharmingreasonscontact us 

all rights reserved





















