




false positive drug testing lawsuit




 




home
investigations
lawsuits
settlements
legal news
faq
blog

















advertisement




home > investigations > false positive drug testing lawsuit
false positive drug testing




january 21 2005


has a false positive drug test ruined or disrupted your life?

more than 250 over the counter or prescription drugs can cause  you to test positive on a drug test. 
pain relievers such as advil, nuprin, motrin
menstrual cramp medications like midol and trendar
ibuprofen is known to cause positive samples for marijuana
anti inflammatories such as naproxyn
dristan nasal spray, neosynephren, vicks nasal spray, sudafed
over the counter appetite suppressants which contain propanolamine
common nasal decongestants can cause a positive reading for amphetamines
medications containing chloropromazine and fluspirilene may yield a positive when tested for amphetamines
vicks formula 44m containing dextromethorphan, and primatene-m containing perylamine as well as the pain reliever demerol, and prescription anti-depressant elavil test positive for opiates up to three days
quinine water can also cause a positive reading for opiates.
poppy seeds such as the ones on a bagel from your favorite deli, represent a potentially serious source of falsely positive results in testing opiate abuse.
nyquil nighttime cold medicine will test positive for methadone up to two days.
amoxicillin has caused positives for cocaine
diazepam tests positive for pcp
a small fraction of the population excrete large amounts of endogenons lysozyme or malate dehydrogenase in their urine which can produce a positive drug test. 
africans and certain orientals might test positive for marijuana due to the pigment melanin in their skin which shows up in a dark person's urine sample.
second hand marijuana or cocaine that you might inhale may give your test a positive result for several days.

hair and urine testing is highly susceptable to false positive drug testing - to the point that some experts call such testing "junk science". people with dark skin are particularily susceptable to false drug testing results when exposure to second hand marijuana or cocaine smoke is absorbed into their hair.


more info on drug testing

register your drug testing abuse case
if you feel you qualify for damages or remedies that might be awarded in a possible false positive drug testing class action or lawsuit, please fill in our form on the right to submit your complaint.last updated july 3 2006 
stay informed
		get the latest on class action lawsuits, settlements & more! subscribe to our free weekly newsletter.
		get our newsletter!

submit a new complaint
		been wronged by a similar product or service?click here to send us your complaint.
	

reader comments



				posted by
kenneth howard
				on august 30, 2021
 i am an union ironwoker in texas.did alot of work in chemical plants.i i never drink ,never smoke,and never did drug. disa solution tested my hair and it came back positive  for cocaine..i had to pay out of pocket for the mro .to. continue to work in the chemical plants.i paid out of pocket thru a third  party drug test company for a hair test and again came back positive  for cocaine..all this happen back in 2017..so i started back work in chemical  plants in 2018  got hire with a crane company  in oct .2020.had to do follow up for hair test with disa solution  every month. test negative  until august  2021 .did a hair test with disa solution and it came back positive  for cocaine..this me not  to trust any hair test from any drug testing  company.and again i do not.never ever did no drugs in my life..and went to the same third party drug test company  to do another 
hair test..out of my pocket to pay them again..a few days later test came back as negative!..negative!..negative!  this ruins families, friendships and financial plans..i'm a very hard working  man that provides a roof over my family  heads and food on the table..the justice  system  is like a joke..good people go down at no fault of their own..this drug testing  problem needs to be looks at by the president  of the usa..i got fired from a good company..i just came a permanent  worker with this crane company..can't  file for unemployment  benefits because  of this..might have to go get food stamps..trying hard not to..hustling  side jobs now to pay bills just because  no company will not hire a person  that got fired for drugs from a previous  job
life goes on with or without  you! do what you gotta do to support  your  family..legally


 

				posted by
glenda s gianformaggio
				on december 18, 2019
 i don't know if there is a date for too late although i cant imagine considering i have been actively fighting the courts and cps since 2014. i know for a fact i was set up and the testing center played a roll but problem is i cant find a lawyer in missouri willing to go against  not only cps but a family court judge as well


 

				posted by
felipe garcia
				on december 16, 2019
 had a random hair follicle thru disa global solutions and had a false positive drug test result. my company sent me as soon as they got results back to a different place and re-tested. and came back negative. but disa would not clear my false positive. and now i can’t work in 50% of the job sites.


 

				posted by
rachel baker
				on november 6, 2019
 i have been told that my drug/alcohol testing came up "diluted".  what does that even  mean?  i know 100% for a fact, that i have not been using any type of drug, or having any kind of drink during my time of being "married to the state" for 12 months.  it's a simple charge of "no drinking for a year", well i am doing just so.   i've even went to the testing on my free-will 3 extra times, but did those come up "diluted"?  they did not, they only come up "diluted" when i'm scheduled, which i find very suspicious and quite the coincidence.  i also keep in the back of my mind that this lady (who is very blonde), knows very well that i am a native american.  whatever she, and/or the government have against me and my people, i can't help but really feel the negativity towards me, and their need to keep me way down.  i also found out that she's been making phone calls to my therapist to inform her that i'm "drinking", which i'm not.  it's my "contract' to simply not drink for a year.  i feel very discriminated, and pinpointed.  these testings are not accurate, so i don't know if they get an extra chunk of cash for "negative testing" or what the deal is.  it's wrong!


 

				posted by
darryl melchor
				on march 7, 2019
 i don't understand how the eeoc is not all over disa global solutions for discrimination. using false positive hair follicle to suspend you from any gas, oil & chemical plant that use disa for pre-employment. i had a positive hair follicle test for cocaine over a year ago and the chemical plant that i worked for, for 10 years asked if i minded paying for my own pre-employment hair follicle test. knowing that i never use illegal drugs i agreed.the results were back in a few days and were negative. in good faith the plant allowed me to continue working there because of their own issues with disa's testing results. never thinking i would have anymore issues because of my non-drug use i had to submit an admission to gilt by participating in disa's required drug course and routine follow-up hair follicles testing to allow myself to be able to work at any other disa required pre-employment


 

				posted by
nikita
				on september 22, 2018
 cp's did a hair on my kids and i feel like its worng


 

				posted by
brandy
				on september 11, 2018
 i have a 2 week old daughter that has never seen her bedroom. i was prescribed 300mg ranitidine during pregnancy for insane heartburn. i went into labor august 24. on august 27, a investigator from iowa dhs came in to tell me that i had been testing positive for meth during my pregnancy. but that i did not test positive for it when i arrived at the hospital. he had me sign something agreeing to emergency services, while under the influence of heavy narcotics due to cesarean. the next day, our discharge date, he returned to tell me that she wasnt going home with me but being placed in emergency foster care. yesterday, i was informed that her drug screen tested positive for meth. i am losing the chance to build the natural bond with my infant. this entire ordeal has caused me an unbelievable amount of mental strain. i have already been diagnosed with post partum depression that gets worse with every moment that i do not get to hold or see my child.


 

				posted by
timothy rae critzer
				on august 4, 2018
 i failed a drug test and shouldn't of have i take medicines prescribed to me by drs that show false positives and these medicines were taken the morning of my test due to a accident on a company van that i was backed into while parked i was terminated behind this and now my marriage is at stake as well


 

				posted by
wendy cox
				on may 11, 2018
 i filled a drug test and i never done drugs in my life  i google it and a lot of people complaining about zantac 150 making them fail a drug test    can you please help ?


 

				posted by
efehi enobakhare
				on may 10, 2018
 had apre employment drug test that came back positive for meth and never have done drugs in hm lice. don't smoke not drink and was denied the job as a result. after reading about ranitidjne possibly the cause i stopped the mecicknd and went to my doctor to do another drug text if was normal. this is injustice and should not be allowed to continue in america. i am ready to fight had this has to stop.


 

				posted by
brett lee
				on march 1, 2018
 had false positive for marijuana, want to put me in jail.


 

				posted by
jaymie mccullers
				on february 28, 2018
 what about the honest, non-abusing patient who, after 8+ years, is told that their urine screen has come up negative?  this is being used by physicians to eliminate the patient from their care.  other factors which may affect the outcome aren't taken into account, nor past history.  in my case, i've been proactive in asking for reduced fentanyl dosage and use it "as needed" ( not daily).  a month supply lasts 2-3 months.  and the generic norco, i limit to one a day; increasing up to 2-1/2.  the frequency of use depends on weather conditions and increased activity.  because i've been to three pain management resources, trying all of their methods without success, and these meds have been the only thing that's made it possible to stay out of bed, i have no desire to share them.  no one has access to my meds.  i'm served by an hmo.  i have a new pcp, due to two previous doctors retiring.  i think this young doc doesn't know how to interpret results and is probably scared of the feds so this false-positive is something she wants to use against me.  i requested a copy of the lab results, the name of the testing lab and it's method, a new lab test with another lab, and gas chromatography/mass spectrometry.  her response was to say that she ordered a test designed to detect fentanyl, and that the hydrocodone should be positive ... no mention of my requests.  i had also told her (i made a copy of my initial reaction to the false-positive) that the in-house labs bathroom cabinet often has other patient specimens inside, for who knows how long, that i've had to place my sample next to.  after all the many days that i "suck it up", bearing pain that i feel i have to bear, i totally resent the implications that, somehow, i must either be diverting meds, or abusing them!  all too many labs admit that there are too many testing failures and the feds reported only 82-85 out of 1200 labs meet standards.  yes, there are people who are abusing but why must the innocent be instantly guilty because of them?  if testing for cancer was as faulty as drug screening, who would allow it?!


 

				posted by
charles olmstead
				on january 28, 2018
 my friend just failed for thc the court literally just sent him a letter that said he had to pay a fine of $545 or face jail time for what that even said was a false positive... can that actually do this or are they just trying to exploit him?


 

				posted by
sharon
				on september 10, 2017
 i went to a pain management clinic for 4 years with no problems and my clinic merged with another one my boyfriend used to go to and the doctor and my boyfriend really disliked each other and i  had a bad feeling about going to this clinic because of fear he would treat me fairly because of this very problem but i went anyways and sure enough the first month they said i had methadone in my urine i told them that was impossible and to send it to a lab so the next month they said it was a false positive and i didn't have methadone in my system but i had a little hydrocodone in me i told them i had to go to the emergency room and that is where it had to come from because i had had a knot under my arm and they had to cut it out and pack it with medicated gauze and went about 3 inches into my arm pit. the second visit i was about a week late due to my car getting totaled out so i didn't have any medicine to take back with me and the doctor said my urine was fine and gave me my medication and i left, the 3rd visit i saw the doctor that dislikes me because i'm associated with my boyfriend, he entered the room and i could feel the tention he sat down and started asking me about my pain. i told him i have pain in multiple places in my back and knees and he actually rolled and interupted me, he ask anothe question about my back so i was answering him and he interupted me again. then he said he was going to get me a back brace that day 8-30-17 but he never did.  then that's when he told me i had heroin and dilaudid in me and i  was shocked he said that because i've never did anything like that in my life. and he said i didn't have any of my oxycodone in me which is prescribed to me and i know there was no way it wasn't there because all i take is what's prescribed to me which is 4/15mg oxycodone 4 times daily, oxycontin 2/30mg twice daily and tizanidine 3/4mg 3 times daily. i had went to the emergency room with a big knot behind my right ear swollen from my ear lobe down to my chest and the right side of my face swollen and very red, they did an ultrasound one it and gave me antibiotic shots, a 10 mg oxycodone in the er and clindamycin 150mg, trimethoprim 800mg, ibuprofen 800mg, phenergan 25mg so dr. emmet wilkerson told me since i was in a pain clinic he couldn't give me anymore pain medication but i could take a little extra of what i had i told the pain doctor what he said and brought the paperwork then he said "he was in charge of what of what medications i take and how much i take, not the doctor at the emergency room or anybody else, i had taken my last dose that morning and he was so mad he could hardly keep his composure and said i was supposed to bring in what medication i was supposed to have left and raised his voice at me and told me i had one excuse after the other. i couldn't believe how he acted and how he made me feel especially telling me i had heroin and dilaudid in me and i know full well it was impossible so i told him i wanted it sent to the lab and i wanted copies of all my urine test and lab work for the 3 visits i was there. i have  congenital osteoarthritis in both knees with one knee replacement and need the other one done and also congenita osteoarthritis in my back and hips and aquired osteoarthritis also and aging, i'm in my 50's now and have had these problems all my life. when i got to the car i was in tears he had humiliated me, embarrassed me it was the most terrible things he could have said i did and after 4 years at my other clinic with no problems at all. it's so obvious all of a sudden he is saying these awful things. just completely shocked. he then gave me  70/10 mg oxycodone to reduce me off in one month and reduced the oxycontin to 20 mg and gave me 42/20mg also to reduce me off in a month and he stated if i have any problems to go to the emergency room and to come back in october to put me on suboxon. i ask him would that help my pain and he said maybe it will maybe it won't and rolled his eyes again, he just walked out while i was asking him a question. i  told him the other doctor said my urine was fine on august 2nd he replied she don't know what she's talking about she is just a nurse but she is a doctor. again 4 years of perfect record and in 3 months this doctor is ruining my reputation completely and it's a complete lie. i am willing to do hair testing or anything it takes to show i have never did anything of the sort he has said i did. also back when my boyfriend was seeing him he cut him off of xanax when he used to take them and he had a seizure  in the clinic room, he had to be transported to the hospital and had a severe concussion to the point of throwing up and the owner is a doctor and found out about this and immediately gave them back to him saying that doctor should have known better to stop his medicine like that cold turkey and that it was very serious. he knew that clinic could have gotten in a lot of trouble neglecting to give him especially that type of medicine.  i got my 3 month insurance papers showing every doctor and every medication and they always show when urine is sent to the lab and there wasn't any urine sent to any lab from this clinic. there is obviously something very wrong here this doctor is lying. i'm going back to that clinic to see if there is a lab report and i'm legally entitled to my medical record and lab work, refusing to give it to me,  they are violating my federal civil rights and the clinic is subject to federal and civil rights penalties.


 

				posted by
melvin simpson jr
				on july 27, 2017
 i was pulled over and the police searched my car without a warrant and then took a sirchie nark 2 drug field test and tested an antiarthritic and green tea after it was plain these items were not drugs, the sirchie tests came back positive for meth and marijuana, my name has been slandered and i was arrested. the kansas forensic lab results were no controlled substances detected, i just got out of jail after 7 months fighting for my life. no controlled substances i have all the police reports photos and the lab results to prove my entire innocence i need help please


 

				posted by
cyndi
				on april 27, 2017
 i was on probation, i was almost off probation. i do not use marijuana at all in any form, my case was based on marijuana only because i was a caregiver at that time. any medications i took i had scripts for. all of a sudden 6 months before i was due to get off probation they tell me i had a positive test for marijuana which i knew was impossible. they put me in a jail cell, took me handcuffed and chains on my feet to court where i plead not guilty, i had to hire a public defender who handled my case, i had a hair follicle test done to prove i was innocent. after court the lawyer gave me all the paperwork, long and behold i realize the day they say i was to be positive the urine came from a totally different testing place i never go to on a day i was not scheduled to go in, i had just tested the day before and just after the day in question and was negative. they had no choice but to throw the case out and trust me when i say the judge was not happy. but this paperwork proves they do alter your tests. kroll lab/ allure lab is known for this in new york over a huge law suit there, but can we also sue in the state of michigan as well? i know about 12 others in same boat.


 

				posted by
michelle
				on april 25, 2017
 april 17, 2017.went to federal prison vacville ca to visit my son and the deputy hand me a wipe the size of alchol pad to wipe my hands and pockets..told me i tested positive for cocaine..come again say what..took my visit for 48 hours..i am on several medications for pain, depression, muscle spasms also for pba. use over the counter meds also. now i open their door, went to their bathroom. sat in chair in visiting room.deputy gave me pen and visting form...my husband gave me some money he won at casino... when i went 2 weeks before they did another mom the same way and i am finding out this has been going on for awhile...machine called iontrac?..but i am hoping some one will look into this people travel very far to visit their love ones..something has to be done..i had my doctor give me letter stating i am on medication..and i feel we should not have to give up or personal infomation to go on visit...also who is testng the deputies and the warden? ???..going back will update the outcome.


 

				posted by
indiana momma
				on december 29, 2016
 i will try to make this long story as brief as possible.  in august 2015 my daughter's bf and his friend were out on there motorcycles. they had swapped bikes. the friend crashed twice on the boyfriend's bike. then taken to hospital in critical condition. while at hospital police find cocaine in his knapsack. 
meanwhile, the motorcycle gets towed to my daughter's home, because her bf needed a place where he could keep it until he made all the repairs. about a month later my daughter's home gets raided and she gets arrested. the bf is let go because the residence is in her name. her bail was set at $250,000. he did nothing to help her. my family gets her out and she was put on their drug program. my daughter does not do drugs but her bf is addicted to vicodin, cocaine and heroine. the ci identified my daughter, because she was always with her bf as well as her having a personal history with my daughter. they don't get along.
she is now 8 mos pregnant. he bf is still using drugs and abusing her. she has taken the rap for him because she's scared. he told her from the begining that everyone knew her and her family so she better not talk. her last 2 drug test came back positive for cocaine. she doesn't understand why. can it be because of her pregnancy, her antidressants, or another medical problem? kidney disease runs in the family....my mother was diagnosed this last october and we lost her december 15, 2016. my daughter also has a blood disorder and was borderline diabetic during her first pregnancy.  she is in jail now and removed from the drug program for probation violation being the 2 failed tests. she could be looking at an uncertain number of years in prison if i cannot help her. 
any advice?


 

				posted by
thomas sugar
				on december 27, 2016
 on july 17 2016 i was pulled over by the. chippewa tribal police in mt.pleasant mi.. the police searched my vehicle. they really didn't have cause. i was returning from a camping trip, and had my shaving kit in my car. they scraped my shaving kit to get some residue. they did a field test and it was positive for meth.. i am 49 years old and have never been around any type of drugs. i've never even smokes marijuana. i was charged with duo and possession of methanfedamine. i was guilty of dui, but the meth test came back negative. now i am seeking employment and meth charge comes up on background check. people are biased, and i feel the record is extremely hampering my ability to get employment. also the mental anguish of coming from a small town, and being considered a meth head. i am in need of legal help. i don't know who to sue, the county or the drug field test comp. maybe both. i can't handle mental strain of not being able to get gainful employment


 

				posted by
amanda beam
				on december 4, 2016
 i have been going to pain management for 6 months.  urine test every month. clean in july, clean aug, sept & oct, then nov i tested positive for heroine.  i have never done heroine, been around it, or seen it!!  i have been dismissed from this office.  this is now on my medical record.  no other doctor is going to treat me for pain bc they think i am a heroine user. i cannot be retested to prove my innocence, offered blood, urine & hair test and was told no.  i am going to do my own outside hair test and hire a lawyer. but in the meantime, will be without pain meds. in about 2 weeks.  i have to take them just to function....i do not take them to get high.  i have horrible pain from a surgery i had a year and a half ago. without meds, i am in the bed crying in anguishing pain. what else can i do???  i feel like my life has been ruined.


 

				posted by
james jones
				on november 30, 2016
 this situation has caused me stress.


 

				posted by
leroy mccray
				on november 9, 2016
 on july 16, 2016, i got sick form heat exhaustion while working in 95+ degree conditions. because the medical claim came under workmen comp provisions, i was hair tested under the company policy. on july 18, 2016, i was hair tested for 5 drugs. on july 27, i was notified by the personnel dpt. that i had tested positive for marijuana. i was shocked because i don't use any drugs or any prescriptions. because of my career field, i've been drug tested almost 40 years; since i was 17 years old and none have ever been positive. not believing the results, on july 28, i had my own test done with quest labs as i thought that it was a simple mistake. to may disbelief, it came back positive too. i went into disarray trying to pin down where the contamination came from. after a little research and questioning friends and family, i decided that second hand smoke and accidental ingestion was not the cause. i sank into confusion and  depression. on august 11, i realized that if i were not contaminated, the problem must be the test or the company that had conducted it. so suspicious of quest labs and its procedures, i had an anonymous hair test done with omega diagnostics which came back negative.  i notified my company but they  were not interested in an anonymous test. so on august 18, i took another test with omega also negative. thinking that i would be cleared, i sent the result to my employer; but they were not interested in my guilt or innocence; it seemed that they  only wanted to get out of the workmen comp claim. they stuck to the first  test and i was terminated.  i suffered complete humiliation at work and at home.  the hardest was facing my kids as i had been on them hard to stay off drugs. i don't know a lot about drugs or testing protocols; i need help in this and employment rights. please help as i am getting a crash course now.


 

				posted by
sue
				on november 8, 2016
 i went for a job interview and they did a drug test and said it was positive for pot i don't do any kind of drugs found out the genric ibuprofen can show you positive so i called the company back and they said ibuprofen wouldn't show you positive


 

				posted by
john kelly
				on november 4, 2016
 i was the expert and de facto attorney in  a recent first successful lawsuit against safariland which is a manufacturer of the field tests. my client tested positive in eight field tests and was as a result jailed for three weeks at which time, lab tests were negative, and he was released. i got safariland to admit in writing that its tests rendered many false positives, caused wrongful detentions, and were not a basis for probable cause. i f anyone needs an expert i'm available for cost and am trying to organize a class action lawsuit. i am not an attorney. all manufacturers use the same chemical formulations in their tests. i've included much information in my 912-page kindle book, prevent your wrongful drug conviction with simple science and
report: false positives equal false justice.

i am not a marijuana advocate but a research scientist opposed to all drugs.

john kelly  kjohn39679@aol.com


 

				posted by
terri diallo
				on october 2, 2016
 all i can add to this story is that i lost a awesome job because of a false positive hair follicle for cocaine...two days before my test i had dental work done where a numbing agent was used and i have type two diabetes.. not sure if either one of these are the reason, but i do not use illegal drugs for any reason....i feel like my life is ruined because of this lie...i need help!


 

				posted by
m. corn
				on september 23, 2016
 my stepdaughter just delivered her first baby, after the baby was born they did a drug test (urine) on her, they then come into my daughter's room and proceed to tell her that her baby tested positive for meth. my daughter is shocked. so she asks if they tested her urine to see that she had none in her system and that it had to be a mistake, well after being treated like you endangered your newborn child by all the hospital staff, cps comes into the room and tells my daughter that they are now involved and they were sending the babies stool off to a lab to be tested further because even tho the baby tested positive, my daughter did not and they could not understand how that could be possible. after much research i've come across a few different medications they gave her right there in the hospital that could have caused the false positive, phenergan for one. also, they gave her blood pressure medication during her labor. we are all terrified now that child services are involved. this ruined what should have been the happiest day of her life. she tried to get pregnant for 2 years so this child was very much a blessing. i think this is a huge injustice in our system that very much needs correcting. thank you.


 

				posted by
virginia mom
				on august 27, 2016
 my company did a random test for the entire branch,  several people apparently failed the mouth swab including me,  but i was and am still on several prescription medications which they knew about when i was hired!  well they said i failed the test for heroin but i was taking oxycodone and oxymorphone and other prescriptions on that list, i had also had eaten poppy seeds which i thought maybe that's what caused it to come up as heroin (which i've never touched or even seen in real life) i asked them to retest me but they wouldn't, they said i could pay the company to retest the sample they already had!? well that didn't make sense because if they were certain that the original test i took was positive then if they retested it it would still be positive right? why not take a new test?  or instead of an oral swab why couldn't they do a ua or hair test? the fact was they hated me and needed an excuse to fire me!!  i made sure i printed all the nasty emails from my boss that prove he wanted to fire me,  i hope i can sue this company because i know all the bad things they do and how they rip customers off and make them pay for services they didn't even do!  i swear this country is going to hell in a hand basket,  i just wish there were more people out there that wanted to help people like us who are good people, good parents,  contributing members of society who work hard and still get screwed over!  now my doctor says i had morphine in my system so if he tells me he won't see me next month idk what i'll do because i take 70gms of methadone a day and 60mgs of oxycodone a day so i could literally die from withdrawal if i stop my medicine without slowly cutting back!  i've got 2 kids to take care of and if  i don't have my pain meds i can't even get out of bed!!  keeping my fingers crossed that my doctor knows me well enough to know i won't take something if he didn't prescribe it to me!!


 

				posted by
eric landon
				on august 24, 2016
 for cindy sanders and any others in, working for or dealing with the probation system in any us state: google a case entitled landon v. kroll, and then landon v. county of orange, ny. it is still ongoing and headed towards trial. a common problem with probation and other "system" testing is that the law is something akin to the wild west regarding such testing. that is why i had to make the law first, in order to go to trial. and most states lack any sufficient basis for challenging faulty testing. especially where that is done by outside, third party, private for profit contractors for the system. i had my own test done by blood - same day, same hour - and i wasn't yet accused of the alleged "positive" result. and nine years later i am still fighting... good luck. you're better off treating it as a personal affront and dealing with the individuals on a personal level. unless you have a spare 50 to 500 grand around for the legal fight.


 

				posted by
california
				on august 23, 2016
 in july i came up a false pisitive for cocaine . i've read that diabetic can give a false positive something to do with metoboiltes


 

				posted by
anthony m. cheeks
				on august 11, 2016
 i am an honorable discharge disabled veteran who receives medical services and treatment at a va, for the medical condition gerd, acid reflux disease.  

on march 7, 2016, i was given a random drug screen for illegal drugs, at the occupational health systems facility, here in knoxville, tn.. 
one-hour after taking the "random" drug screen, later i was terminated by my former employer—gem care, inc. in 2013, the johnson city va medical center gi doctor stated that you (anthony m. cheeks) have gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), a chronic disease that causes ongoing pain and burning in the stomach, chest and throat (heartburn). 

on march 7th, 2016, ten-minutes before leaving for the drug testing facility, i took another couple of protonix tablets to alleviate my acid-reflux symptoms!! in addition the protonix that i am presently taking does and continue to cause my kidneys to act with uncontollable bowel movements!! 

in essence, a second test, confirmation test would have shown that protonix, was causing the “false positive” drug screen result. a second test using gc/ms would have discovered that the first test was not “positive” for marijuana. the drug screen would show that this disable veteran’s prescription medicine--protonix, caused a “false positive’ for cannabis.  

 standard testing procedures normally require a follow-up test following any initial positive screening. no follow-up drug screen schedule or done on this disable veteran.


 

				posted by
christie
				on july 30, 2016
 sadly, i've had 2 drug screens over the last few years which came back w.r.o.n.g.  !!!  it has put me in unthinkable situations.  i've questioned the accuracy of these tests all along, but you so much as give your doctor a rebuttal or look of sincere shock, and they seem to believe (or maybe pretend) you're not telling the truth.  and nothing annoys me more than implicating i'm a liar.  grrrrrrr!

first incident was a couple years ago in 2014.  i have been prescribed hydrocodone and xanax for 12 years - and i am one of us who truly needs the medications.  i do not take them for a buzz or a high.  i take them to get through the day!

that screen came back showing something i believe called butirol or something similar!?!  i'd not only never ever taken anything like that, i'd never heard of it either.  nevertheless, my long time doctor whom i had previously had a great relationship told me he could no longer prescribe any narcotics to me.  period!

and...more recently - i had a screen at my pcp whom i'd also had a great dr./pt. relationship with up until 2 weeks ago.  according to there erred screen, i did not show positive for xanax!  omg.  i nearly fainted in shock.  i did in fact have it in my system and proceeded to try to drill that fact into her head.  but again- she told me she's unable to prescribe me any narcotics or even my badly needed xanax as a result of this incorrect test!  

so- the last 2 weeks have like a wide awake nightmare.  i've had panic attacks, hyperventilation to the point of fainting, ad nauseum.  i have severe gad (generalized anxiety dx), ptsd (from years in an abusive horrible marriage, panic disorder and random panic episodes!  

can anyone advise me?  i would love to be part of a class action suit against this bs companies and their morbidly wrong tests... ameritox being top of the list!


 

				posted by
ricardo quijas
				on july 28, 2016
 failed a drug test w disa after going to the dentist for 3 weeks in a row getting root canals and being in pain all those weeks! need help!


 

				posted by
dooak
				on july 19, 2016
 before i took my dot drug test i tested myself with home test kit and i tested negative,,so i took my dot drug test and filled the cup and stop when the cup was full and then went   outside to my truck and filled a water bottle with wat i had left in me which i froze afterwards.i worked my job for three weeks and they said i tested pos for meth,then i went and got another t
home tset kit and tested wat i had frozen from the same urine that they said i was pos for and it came out negative..my life is ruined because of this mistake that they made


 

				posted by
glenda findley
				on july 1, 2016
 i had been seeing a pain specialist for over 5 years for fibromyalgia, spinal stenosis, and inflammatory polyarthropathy along with polymyalgia rheumatica. he does routine random drug screenings. i had never failed one before because i do not take any medication not prescribed for me. on the day of my followup visit, his office called me and told me that i had tested positive for morphine. i was speechless. i had never taken any medication not prescribed to me. i am 68 years old and very debilitated from my degenerative bone disease. he not only dismissed me from his practice, he informed all local pain clinics that i was a morphine addict and i cannot get help from anyone. ameritox is the company that did the drug testing. when i offered to take the test again, they said it had "been too long."  they waited 6 weeks to tell me. i even offered to take a hair test, but they would not talk to me about it. i don't know of a worse feeling in the world than being accused and branded for something you did not do. it's a very helpless and powerless feeling. it has taken me awhile to get angry about it, but i am finally there.


 

				posted by
cindy sanders
				on may 16, 2016
 i work with kids in the california probation system where they are randomly drug tested.  one kid has been in the system for 3 years now because he has produced a low creatinine which could mean dilute.  in california they are treating dilutes as a positive and you will go to jail and restart probation for having a dilute.  they are using a creatinine cutoff of 30 instead of the federal guidelines of 20 with additional testing to confirm that the sample is indeed dirty instead of someone just drinking extra water.  there are many conditions and diets that can cause creatinine below 30 and it is wrong that people are put in jail for this. i am hoping someone will file a lawsuit to help these people get out of the system. watching the system i can only conclude they need people to be incarcerated and that explains why this is being allowed.


 

				posted by
cristina mercedes
				on may 15, 2016
 i am suspended from work due to a positive false drug test, i came out codein positive.


 

				posted by
laniesha mcdaniel
				on april 14, 2016
 quest diagnostic said i had a false positive when i know i did not, i tested for another company who said my urine was clean. i lost out on a good paying job for false results.


 

				posted by
shelley dock
				on march 27, 2016
 since september they when they first start doing the drug test with me it was telling me my drug test came up with cocaine alcohol and all kind of pills i ask them if we can do an investigation because i don't do any drugs the test is inaccurate they told me that i was a drug addict i need to face my drug addiction and i don't want to hear anything else about it or i'll be kicked out they told me that i need to tell that have family members that has me on cocaine or that i'm a drug dealer in every month after they kept telling me that i had all kind of drugs in my system and that they were going to make me take all kind of an abuse for alcohol or i'll be kicked out if it's emotionally damaged you because during the time they were telling me that all this was going on with their drug testing i had 5 jobs offered me positions that did drug test and nothing it was all clear and i told them that they still would not listen i was calling an attic i was caught off kind of names told i was going to get fired from my job because i will tell him i told i was going to be kicked out of the clinic if i said anything to anyone will come february i got tires i got tired of them telling me that i was an attic when i was not having me do a breathalyzer is in all kind of other stuff i called and got the state involve this state and then found out that the drug testing was inaccurate and then told them that they needed to erase every drug test that i haven't took with the company well they went and did another drug test with the same drug testing company and told me again that i had all kind of drugs alcohol and everything in my system and that i'm at 8 i mean just a fine i'm just stressed at this point i don't know what to do i want to see the drug testing company and i also want to see the denver recovery group can i do that please


 

				posted by
earl andersen
				on march 17, 2016
 never been in this dilemma before. took a pretty employment drug screen this morning. it was the saliva kind. i had a tooth extracted 6 days ago and figured i might fail the opioid part. i stopped taking the lortab 2 days ago and started taking ibuprofen for the swelling. i tested positive for thc and negative on the opioid. i haven't smoked pot in 27 yrs. i'm fully convinced of the inaccuracy of the drug screen. it needs to be squashed.


 

				posted by
nicole
				on march 5, 2016
 i have been a patient in a pain management clinic now for about a year because of chronic bilateral knee pain.  i had recently switched clinics because of the stereo typing i had experienced at the last clinic.  procedure and protocol for this clinic ask that i come in every two weeks for refills for pain meds as well as giving a urine sample as well. on 03/03/2016, i came in for my regular appointmentdoctor, paid my 10$ co-payment and waited for a little over a hour to see the doctor.
as she went over all my lab work including the blood draw from my last visit(02/19). she waited to save the most shocking news for last. according to my urine sample, it was positive for cocaine! i cannot even begin explaining how angry, upset, embarrassed, insulted, humiliated and belittled i had felt. i have never in my 40 years of life ever touched cocaine!! i did everything in my power to justify myself but it did absolutely nothing. i was told i would have to suffer in pain, risk be testingdischarged pending further testing. 
i consider myself to be an upstanding citizen with an prestigious role in my church an an usher. so please imagine  the humiliation and dreadful ness i was feeling knowing that this clinic also had two members from my church,  one which actually collected my sample.
i'm not sure about my future there at the clinic but i do know one thing for sure. i cannot be the only one this has happened to!! there is probable someone who experienced the same thing but was discharged from the clinic only to try and find comfort for themselves illegally.  maybe even dead from trying the wrong things!! 
 thank you for letting me share my story


 

				posted by
elizabeth farlow
				on march 3, 2016
 i've lost custody of my newborn baby due to a false positive drug test.  ive tried and tried to challenge the results to no avail.  i'm in desperate need of legal help.


 

				posted by
antonia walker
				on february 27, 2016
 hi, my name is antonia walker. i am 37 weeks pregnant. i recently went into the emergency room due to having contractions, and i had to give a urine sample which was no problem for me. when they came back with my results i tested positive for oxycodone, which i have a prescription for it, i still have my bottle. i also tested positive for methamphetamine, which confused me to no end, because there is absolutely no way that that should be anywhere in my system. the only medications i take are tylenol pm for insomnia, zantac for hearturn, and oxycodone as needed for pain. i told them that i was very much willing to give them a blood sample, hair sample, another urine sample, because there had to be some kind of mistake. i am terrified that i am going to have my child taken from me over something that i have not done. i am asking from the bottom of my heart for any kind of help that would prove that i am not on any kind of illegal drugs.


 

				posted by
brittany
				on january 27, 2016
 this will be extremly long.

on september 1st 2015 i received a call from hind behavioral health telling me that my son tested positive for cocaine. from a visit he  had with them on august 28th 2015 i immediately question the caller as to how that could be possible when he's only taking what he's being prescribed at their clinic... she couldn't answer me.. she advised me that she was going to notify dhs of the findings and i went crazy... because it wasn't no way my child had access to anything type of drugs unless they had his name on them. i went to the school and dismissed with tears in my eyes i asked him, baby please tell me if you have had anything you weren't suppose to i won't be mad i just gotta know because they trying to take you from me. with tears in his cried he said ma i'm only taking with you giving me every morning (contera and tenex)! so i took him to ummc that same day and told them what i just taken place they couldn't believe what they were hearing because some on them knew me and they knew that couldn't be true... they also were educated enough to know that his meds were controlled substances and that his contera was stronger that cocaine. so they gave him a test and it came back negative.. i was relieved...

until september 3, 2015 a social worker calls me and tells me i have to meet with her about the case about my son. i told her i wasn't coming no where. she said  i can go take your kids right now and you'll never see them again.. i couldn't believe what i was hearing.. so i left work to go meet with and during the meeting she pissed off and i stormed out the office. but something in me said this is not a joke girl your kids can be taken forever. so i went back and apologized with tears running down my face in my hand pictures of my kids and told her these 5 little ppl are my world i would die today to save one of them. she told me to just cooperate and this can all be done and over with.. so she explained that i was going to court for shelter hearing to see of my kids can remain in my custody.. i cried out what lord no please no! i hadn't done nothing wrong. she told me to just relax so i did...

so september 11 comes and i have this shelter hearing and nothing could have prepared me for how those ppl down talked me because i had 5 kids and was a single mom. one of them even said that she probably has a man that left it around the kids.. the judge even says just because she took him to ummc doesn't mean nothing because anybody know cocaine says in the body 3-4 days so that test is not going to save her. well i didn't know that because i don't use drugs.then the judge goes to ruling that he stays in my care but that we remain under the supervision of dhs. i was to also have random drug test and the first time my caseworker notes i didn't comply he was going to take all 5 of my kids. after court i ran out crying because i couldn't believe what i was hearing. i asked the caseworker why she didn't aske that the meds be tested, or a sampling of his hair be tested, even give me a liar detector test. she says you hear what the judge said.

indeed i did hear him.. i had to go part-time on my job, i've had to miss countless days from work, i've had sleepless nights, i've had drug test after drug test after drug test... that all were never positive over the course of these last few months. all because my son took a test at hinds behavior health that was a drug test that i had no knowledge of them giving him.. as i was leaving out the court i heard them say 4 more kids have tested positive on that same test... 

but as of today december 15 2015 today was the last day of it all for me and i'm so glad about. the judge dismissed my case and i'm cleared. thank you jesus!! so now everyone who wanted to know what was going on with me here's my story. so if your a parent and you child goes to hinds behavorial health please beware of this!!


 

				posted by
jessica
				on january 17, 2016
 i had cps called on me and willingly took the drug test and came out positive for me th i looked up false tests cause i don't do any drugs and saw that nasal sprays can cause a false positive and i was taking dristan nasal spray and that damn spray was on there for methamphetamines!!#!!!!!!! please get back to me please


 

				posted by
angela ashley
				on november 29, 2015
 i was taking adder al and test came back positive it was awful no one believed me we i said i was not taking meth. sad i needed help and needed to admit doing it. it was awful


 

				posted by
dorie
				on november 20, 2015
 i have been clean 7 months. i was in an outpatient program and they never tested me random. i constantly asked to be tested so i could show the clean tests to judge in my dyfs case . all test were clean except 1 .it shows cocaine  however i did not use any drugs. luckily i was also being tested at the methadone clinic i belong to so the days not tested at iop i had been there and they were clean.  there is no way you could be dirty from clean then next day test dirty for coke and then a day later clean.    the judge saw this mistake ...i no longer had to attend iop. now 17 clean tests later the clinic just informed me it came ditry for cocaine. i did not use anything!  this is so fucked up! how is that even possible? i just paid for retest. waiting results. this is bs  i'm not admitting to something i did not do


 

				posted by
hosetter irvin
				on november 19, 2015
 the lab said i tested postive for cociane. i have never in my life did drugs i am a pastor and foster parents this has taken a total on me
thanks


 

				posted by
amber rowlett
				on november 16, 2015
 i just recieved back custody of my son 2 weeks ago from cps after 2 years. i completed my drug outpatiant but they continued me on call ins "to help" me. well i took nyquil a few times for a sore throat. i tested positive and now the councler is saying that i must have either abused it or drank alcohol. now i may loose my son for good. imy intentions were to rid a sore throat. i wasn't even thining about abusing it. what can i do to fight this?


 

				posted by
edward meyer
				on october 21, 2015
 i have been clean of any alcohol or drug scince september 23 of 2014 .i finally got my class a cdl and was supporting my family when i was called in for dot drug screen and it came back positive for methamphetamine. i lost my job today 10-21-2015 .red bull and motrin are the only possible reasons,other than maybe god has a reason i just don't know about.


 

				posted by
pennsylvania
				on october 18, 2008
 my 4 children were taken from me in october 2004 and now the courts have ruled to terminate my parental rights. i repeatedly told them that i was taking sinus medication and they told me that they could not possibly cause me to test positive for amphetamines or methamphetamines.


 

				posted by
california
				on july 21, 2008
 i was not under the influence of methamphetamine and told the officer that i was taking nyquil for my cold.


 

				posted by
iowa
				on march 3, 2008
 i took a urinalysis for a position as an otr truck driver.  i got a call from the testing lab saying the sample came back +.  this is impossible as i do not use.  i was taking amoxicillan prior to testing for a dental issue.


 

				posted by
pennsylvania
				on december 11, 2007
 i've lost my job which i've been employed for a little over the last three and a half years. i had to spend money i had saved for my house on my own drug test and bills i could not pay with just unemployment. it has caused me stress and hardship. this has also given me a bad name with my former co-workers and tarnished my name for any other enployment for other jobs.


 

				posted by
indiana
				on november 14, 2007
 i am 54 years old and am having trouble getting a job.  i take 2400 miligrams of ibuprofen daily which can cuase a false positive. i told my employer i did not smoke marijuana but the company has a zero tolerence. i spoke to the testing lab. the count was 39. the government recommends claiming a negative result for anything under 50. the lab told me their cut off is 14! i am waiting for the lab results to be sent to me.


 

				posted by
texas
				on october 8, 2007
 i am devastated and in shock from the results. i have recently been through chemo therapy and this test has made me very sick again. this job was the best i have been offered in years and now i have no job, future or income.


 

				posted by
pennsylvania
				on august 30, 2007
 i finally find a job that could eventually become a career. the afternoon before i was to work i was asked to take a drug test. i went to the doctors office which is right next to the company. i went to take a drug test thinking that this would be the easiest test i ever taken, just to find out it came back for opiate's in my system. i did not take any opiate or any other drug to cause me to have tested positive.


 

				posted by
illinois
				on june 27, 2007
 i was sent for a pre-employment drug test. i tested (supposedly) positive for opiates. i do not take drugs. the company declined to hire me due to the report. upon learning of this result i immediately went and took a test at another lab (which i paid for myself). the employer declined to wait to see those results and told me that they were inclined to believe the 1st report. i have since done research that shows that diabetic medicine frequently shows a false positive for opiates. i had told the 1st lab about my taking diabetes medicine when they asked me if i was taking any medication. i feel they should have taken that information into account and retested me before telling total strangers that i take narcotic drugs.


 

				posted by
british columbia
				on june 27, 2007
 my children were happy and well adjusted.  they have suffered immense emotional damage as have i .  with all that is happened i have not had the will to continue with my career.  i have been destroyed socially and have and continue to agonize daily over the injustice that has taken place.  i have retested at the same company and they have once again come back with a false positive.  i have taken several of the over the counter and perscription medicines mentioned on this site (naproxin, omoxcillilin, vick's, motrin, penicillin, ....) and i can provide you with a list from my doc.  i did not use cocaine and will go to the ends of the earth to prove that this is a complete travesty.


 

				posted by
kansas
				on june 17, 2007
  first, i want it understood that this is meant to be help for others. (please read, you will be glad you did) i can't facilitate a claim, but this incident very much needs to be known because it is the very definition of the "slippery slope".
  i am an addict in recovery, and attend a opiate addiction methadone meintenance program. testing is mandantory.
  i have been opiate free for 8 months., and have been "promoted" to recieve "take-outs"...and am up for another level (only having to actually go to the clinic once per week). i went in last month and was given for the first time a saliva test, as i didn't need to urinate.
   a week ago i was told by my counselor that that test came back positive; but she doubted that and called the testing lab to confirm it. the person at the lab told her that it was "actually below the cut-off line, but was present"...the counselor engaged the man as to the many questions this raises (was it positive or not? why did you say it was positive if it wasn't to the designated level?[i don't think anyone was smart enough to ask how it compared to all the other tests] etc.) then asked them to test it again. this subsequent test came back negative (at least thats what she said...if it was "under the line" again that's still negative).
   counselor told me this story because she "thought i deserved to know"...we then filled out the papers for my "promotion" and set a date for it to begin.
   this last friday i went in to the clinic, happy about only having to go in monday; i live nearly ten miles from the clinic and have spent a calculated $2000 on gasoline in 2 years, so this would be quite helpful. i was informed by my counselor that i was "denied the phase increase" because of the "test being under the line" (she didn't even use the language "test being questionable") ...even though it was (supposedly) re-tested. she said something about paying $15 to test it again (i think anyway; by this time i was so enraged i couldn't hear real well)...but i left.
   this brings up many questions about the entire idea of drug testing it's self. (in my case, it brings up real questions about how suited for the job the clinic staff is; but that's not why i'm giving out this info. i won't rest until i see drug-testing abolished...it's unconstitutional and flawed beyond any notion of "reliable") but that slippery slope; that idea that is so important that people are so willing to placate because they haven't had direct experience with *their* rights being trampled on, is quite realized in this situation...how many employees, school kids, potential employees, court cases and every other situation where drug testing is taken as "concrete evidence" has actually only served to completely erode any notion of confidence once held by all participants in the process, whatever that process is? i.e., when the rules of the *very test it's self* are bent by the personell actually performing the test, why is there any concept of "reliability" left at all? how many false "positives" have occurred out there because the lab tech called a "below the limit" test a positive, but the person loosing his/her job, kids, property, *phase increase*, money, and freedom didn't have the knowledge to even ask about a so-called "cut-off line"?
   i'm sure you being lawyers can ask even more meaningful questions than i can express, intuitively i "feel" there are many, many more problems with this than i have the ability to communicate (not to mention my thinking is still clouded by anger). one thing i know is that for anyone fighting drug testing, this situation *must* be known and entered into the argument. please use this event as you see fit...maybe someone out there can be helped by it.



add your comment on this issue

						please read our comment guidelines before posting.
name:

note: your name will be published with your comment.
email address:

			your email will only be used if a response is needed.
your comment:


 




















request legal help please complete this form to request a review of your complaint by an attorney.



 
first name

last name

email address

phone number

zip

defendant (who are you accusing?)

describe your complaint:

have you been fired after a false positive drug test?
 yes      no
name of employer:

have you been evicted due to a false positive drug test?
 yes      no
have you had your driving license suspended due to a false positive drug test?
 yes      no
have you been suspended from an athletic team due to a false positive drug test?
 yes      no
has your probation been revoked due to a false positive drug test?
 yes      no
 receive our weekly newsletter from our sister publication lawyersandsettlements with the latest lawsuit news and legal information.
 
send us your claim



by submitting this form i agree to the terms of service.
there is absolutely no cost to you to submit this form. doing so places you under no obligations and does not establish an attorney-client relationship.



subscribe now! to our weekly newsletter
check claim status
advertise with us
lawyer directory
legal resources


visit other online legal media websites:










about us

about bigclassaction.com
faq
disclaimer
terms of service
privacy policy



follow us





contact us
email us





  
						  
			




this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noderivs 3.0 unported license ©2025 online legal media. all rights reserved.



request legal help






