








home - pacific crest orthopedics























































 







 skip to content



toggle navigationservicesprovidersephraim dickinson, mdjeffrey halbrecht, mddavid levinsohn, mdlindsay brush, pa-ccelina provencio, pa-cchelsea sumulong, pa-clocationsiasmlower pac heightsmissionpatient resourcesbloginsuranceurgently orthobook now
 





homeadmin-03292025-02-10t19:39:52+00:00 
comprehensive orthopedic care for wherever your journey takes you.see a specialist nowour servicesfrom immediate injury care to complex surgical procedures, our team of board-certified orthopedic surgeons and orthopedic physician assistants can help at every mile of your journey to recovery. same day and next day appointments availableschedule an
appointmentwalk-in
locationstelehealth
visitsurgently ortho and iasm are now part of pacific crest orthopedicsone stop for all your immediate, ongoing, and surgical orthopedic needs.why choose us?same day and walk-in appointments welcome
pacific crest orthopedics offers a complete spectrum of orthopedic care in san francisco. whether you’re experiencing a sudden injury or managing a chronic condition, we’re here to get you back on track quickly.immediate accessget quick access to our orthopedic specialists with same-day and walk-in appointments.
comprehensive carefrom the common to the complex, every patient receives top-tier orthopedic care from orthopedic experts.
minimally invasive surgeryshould conservative measures fail, we offer advanced, minimally invasive surgical techniques to reduce recovery time & improve outcomes.

our mission is to provide the most advanced surgical expertise at unparalleled speed and convenience so you can continue your journey without limits.meet our surgeonsour top-rated, board-certified, and fellowship-trained orthopedic surgeons treat acute and chronic orthopedic conditions from the common to the complex.ephraim dickinson, mdorthopedic surgeonlearn morejeffrey halbrecht, mdorthopedic surgeonlearn moredavid levinsohn, mdorthopedic surgeonlearn moreour servicesimmediate care. complete recovery.upper extremitylower extremitysports medicinetotal joint replacementregenerative medicineimaging
we accept all major insurances.
don’t see your plan? give us a call.no insurance? no problem! call us to learn more about our available self-pay options.
415-390-6511
real stories, real recovery.“dr. dickinson has been super helpful in my recovery and truly cares about the patient in getting back to full range of motion. great team all around – i highly recommend!”
chad w.
google review
terry b.“amazing from the time i walked in the door until the time i left. everyone is so helpful and a joy to work with. i got the treatment i need fast and efficiently. this place is a must go to when to need to be seen urgently. skip the er if they can see you!”may 28, 2024  melanie m.“loved how accessible this clinic was and how easy it was to book. i looked everywhere for an ortho to see me for days and couldn’t find one available or who look at back issues, and with them i was able to book a same day appointment and got answers to my problems during that one visit. i was seen by brianna and she was great. she talked me through everything and explained things easily to me where i felt very comfortable and trusting in her diagnosis.”may 28, 2024  robert z.“dr. halbrecht is an extremely talented and professional physician. he takes time to explain all medical terms and procedures and listens to all questions and concerns.”apr 4, 2024  allyssa j.“great service: very professional, nice office and location, and excellent staff. i fractured my foot, and they took great care of me!”apr 2, 2024  frank t.“great service: very professional, nice office and location, and excellent staff. i fractured my foot, and they took great care of me!”apr 2, 2024  katherine b.“i came to the office with a huge pain. dr ephraim dickinson not only quickly assist my problem and gave me the treatment plan. he was very nice and explain everything clear and answer all my questions. i recommend dr. dickinson and his office!”mar 20, 2024   
walk-in nowwalk-in informationis shoulder surgery right for you?take our interactive quiz to understand your condition better and explore potential treatment options tailored for your recovery.
take quiz
news


new year, new goals: 6 resolutions to support your health



hurt your shoulder skiing? want to know if you have a rotator cuff injury?



common ski knee injuries and what to do about them
don’t wait to get the care you need.
fix what hurts, fast.book an appointment



 
 
contact usoffice: (415) 390-6511
billing: (415) 390-6844
fax: (415) 592-1617
locationslower pac heights
mission
iasm
visit us on yelp
find us on zocdoc
review us on google
walk-in nowrefer a patient | terms and conditions | privacy policy | powered by insight marketing group


 
 
page load link











go to top




