

























cancerwise blog | md anderson cancer center








































please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.


skip to content



mychart

log in to our secure, personalized website to manage your care (formerly mymdanderson).



request an appointment



request an appointment
if you are ready to make an appointment, select a button on the right. if you have questions about md anderson’s appointment process, our information page may be the best place to start.
appointment information 


new patients 
current patients 
referring physicians 




donate today





 




search



close



menu



close





clinical trials




locations



careers



contact us


our doctors



languages


español


عربى


中文


türkçe







search

clear
go


close









search md anderson


clear


go










mychart


donate today




clinical trials




locations



careers



contact us


languages


español


عربى


中文


türkçe






request an appointment


request an appointment


new patients


current patients


referring physicians








patients & family







becoming our patient






becoming our patient


becoming our patient home
why md anderson
planning for care
getting to md anderson
while you're here
international center
services and amenities
insurance & billing






diagnosis & treatment






diagnosis & treatment


diagnosis & treatment home
cancer types
a new diagnosis
treatment options
care centers & clinics
emotional & physical effects
patient support
clinical trials






supporting a loved one






supporting a loved one


supporting a loved one home
caregiver roles & challenges
children and teens
taking care of yourself
helping an md anderson patient
dealing with loss






life after cancer






life after cancer


life after cancer home
legal & financial impacts of cancer
social & emotional impacts of cancer
follow-up care after cancer treatment
long-term effects of cancer
survivorship week





request an appointment


current patients
find information and resources for current and returning patients.


clinical trials
learn about clinical trials at md anderson and search our database for open studies.







prevention & screening







manage your risk






manage your risk


manage your risk home
tobacco control
diet
body weight
physical activity
skin safety
hpv
hepatitis






family history






family history


family history home
genetic testing
hereditary cancer syndromes
genetic counseling and testing faqs






cancer screenings






cancer screenings


cancer screenings home
mammograms & breast cancer screening
cervical cancer screening
colorectal cancer screening
endometrial cancer screening
liver cancer screening
lung cancer screening 
mobile mammography
ovarian cancer screening
prostate cancer screening
skin cancer screening
women's cancer screening
men's cancer screening





 





cancer prevention center 
the lyda hill cancer prevention center provides cancer risk assessment, screening and diagnostic services.







donors & volunteers







donate






donate


donate home
raise money
honor loved ones
create your legacy
endowments
caring fund
matching gifts
foundation and corporation relations






volunteer






volunteer


volunteer home
on-site volunteers
volunteer endowment
patient experience
teen volunteer leadership program
children's cancer hospital councils






other ways to help






other ways to help


other ways to help home
give blood
shop md anderson
children's art project
donate goods or services
attend events
cord blood bank






corporate alliances






corporate alliances


corporate alliances home
current alliances





 





donate today 
your gift will help support our mission to end cancer and make a difference in the lives of our patients.







for physicians







refer a patient






refer a patient


refer a patient home
health care provider resource center
referring provider team
insurance information
international referrals
mymdanderson for physicians
second opinion pathology






clinical trials






clinical trials


clinical trials home






clinical tools & resources






clinical tools & resources


clinical tools & resources home
clinical calculators
clinical practice algorithms 





 





mymdanderson for physicians 
our personalized portal helps you refer your patients and communicate with their md anderson care team.







research







departments, labs and institutes






departments, labs and institutes


departments, labs and institutes home
departments and divisions
labs
research centers and programs
institutes
specialized programs of research excellence (spore) grants






research areas






research areas


research areas home
basic science
translational research
clinical research
prevention & personalized risk assessment 






research resources






research resources


research resources home
excellence in science
core facilities and services
office of clinical research
office of sponsored programs
office of research administration
conferences & seminars
why research at md anderson





 





clinical trials 
as part of our mission to eliminate cancer, md anderson researchers conduct hundreds of clinical trials to test new treatments for both common and rare cancers.







education & training







degree-granting schools






degree-granting schools


degree-granting schools home
school of health professions
md anderson uthealth houston graduate school






research training






research training


research training home
early career pathway programs
predoctoral training
postdoctoral training
mentored faculty programs
career development






clinical training






clinical training


clinical training home
graduate medical education
clinical education for non-physicians
nursing education & training
continuing education & review courses 
skills training & simulation






continuing education & professional development






continuing education & professional development


continuing education & professional development home
continuing professional education/conferences
administrative internships & fellowships
cancer survivorship professional education
leadership institute
patient home visits






education resources






education resources


education resources home
alumni relations
tips education center
awards & recognitions
academic mentoring council
why md anderson & houston






outreach programs






outreach programs


outreach programs home
project echo 
observer programs
comparative effectiveness training (certain)





apply to shp
choose from 12 allied health programs at school of health professions.


research trainees
view open postdoctoral and other research trainee positions.


gme fellowships
learn about our graduate medical education residency and fellowship opportunities.




















  top






















cancerwise

 md anderson’s blog features stories from survivors and caregivers, and our experts’ insights on cancer treatment, research breakthroughs, healthy living and more.



















search md anderson
  



















 









ovarian cancer survivor, employee: treatment at md anderson is ‘the best decision i ever made’


i work in philanthropy at md anderson, and i’m a cancer survivor. this means i can say i’ve been both an employee and a patient at the greatest cancer hospital in the world.
in 2018, i was diagnosed with a type of ovarian cancer called dysgerminoma. i was 32 years old, so this was a rare cancer for someone my age. i found out about my cancer diagnosis through my annual well-woman exam. my normal gynecologist was pushing down on my belly and felt something hard that shouldn't be there. i ended up having surgery to remove it. it turned out to be cancer. i immediately knew that md anderson was where i wanted to be treated.
getting a cancer diagnosis at such a young age is shocking and terrifying. it's not supposed to happen; it’s odd, scary and overwhelming. but, as an md anderson employee, i knew firsthand how patients are treated and how care is individualized to the patient. i knew my best chance for treatment was going to be at md anderson.
hands down, it was the best decision i ever made.  
today, i’ve been cancer-free for six years. here are three perspectives i learned through my cancer treatment.
1. a deeper understanding of individualized care
as an employee, you're always told that we prioritize individualized care at md anderson. but it's not until you become a patient that you experience it. making that shift connected so many dots and allowed me to understand another side of md anderson. 
going in for your first appointment is terrifying and overwhelming because of all the unknowns. chemotherapy was a huge fear of mine because i'd seen chemo portrayed on television and in movies as people who get really sick and just waste away. but my care team did such an amazing job of making me not just feel welcome, but also safe. they were one of the biggest reasons why i felt like i was going to be ok. i'm a person who wants to know as much as possible, so my team provided me with a lot of information. that way, i wouldn’t have to wonder and worry. they were so caring, warm and professional; they knew exactly what we were dealing with. my cancer is a rare cancer, but at md anderson, it's not rare. 
my care team also asked me questions about my daily life so they could tailor my treatment plan to my needs. the very first day that i met my doctor, he asked if i got motion sick. i said yes, and a couple hours after i saw him, he gave me a call and said that we were going to change my chemo regimen to a different drug that would help me avoid that. then, before starting treatment, i met with a pharmacist to learn about the medications i'd be taking. when we discussed anti-nausea medications, she told me to let her know if my medication didn’t work so she could find me a better option. little things like that really made me feel special and cared for.
2. the importance of ‘just another thursday’
i tried to keep my life as normal as possible during treatment. this included both my routine and my relationships.
i couldn't go into the office when i was having chemo, so for the week after chemo, i would work from home. then, when i went to the office, i’d try to make it just like another thursday. at times, chemobrain made it hard to remember things, which would get very frustrating, so i started writing lots of things down. i had to learn to be gentle with myself when those times happened; it was a moment, it wasn't forever. 
for my own mental sanity, i still needed to joke with my friends and have typical conversations with people. i talked to family and friends about acting normal around me. i told my parents, “it's going to be fine. everything is normal. we can talk about it. ask me questions, but let's not tiptoe around anything."
my care team also provided me with a sense of normalcy in a time when nothing felt normal. before my chemo appointments, we would chat about our personal lives and upcoming trips. these casual conversations made me feel comfortable messaging them with all my treatment questions. i never felt like i was bothering them; instead, it really felt like they loved talking and chatting and hanging out.
i also meditated, practiced yoga and journaled during treatment. one of my neighbors would drop by to do art projects during lunchtime when i was working from home. that connection was a little pick-me-up that helped as i tried to keep everything as normal as possible.
3. what it means to be a cancer survivor 
even though i am a cancer survivor, i’m still very connected to md anderson. my post-cancer care and support has been great. my care team is wonderful and optimistic. if i'm ever feeling like i need extra support, i can talk to our social work team or reach out to support groups.
today, my experience as a patient gives me a unique perspective in my role on the philanthropy team. donations are pivotal. fundraising is a huge reason why md anderson is so successful and can invest so much in research, clinical trials, support programs like our adolescent and young adult program and children’s cancer hospital, and other resources for patients and their networks. cancer doesn't just affect the patient, it affects everyone in that patient's life. md anderson provides patients and their families and friends with so many resources to help them get through a really difficult time.
my role as a survivor is a huge milestone and accomplishment. it’s also a reminder of my responsibility to encourage other people to get preventative exams. if my cancer diagnosis can help somebody else down the road, then it was all worth it.
request an appointment at md anderson online or call 1-877-632-6789. 




read angela's story


















read the latest stories


top stories










 









diagnosis & treatment



weight loss during cancer treatment: 5 do's and don’ts













patient & caregiver stories



ovarian cancer survivor, employee: treatment at md anderson is ‘the best decision i ever made’









expert insights



dogs boost employee wellness and morale









healthy living



what is the 5:2 diet?









healthy living



5 things to know about raised moles









diagnosis & treatment



hematochezia vs. melena: what’s the difference?













$entity1.articlecategory

 
$entity1.message





$entity2.articlecategory

 
$entity2.message





$entity3.articlecategory

 
$entity3.message





$entity4.articlecategory

 
$entity4.message





$entity5.articlecategory

 
$entity5.message





$entity6.articlecategory

 
$entity6.message


















find stories by topic




diagnosis & treatment


patients & caregivers


healthy living


research


expert insights


philanthropy



find out everything you need to know to navigate a cancer diagnosis and treatment from md anderson’s experts.






 










weight loss during cancer treatment: 5 do's and don’ts


february 14, 2025







 










hematochezia vs. melena: what’s the difference?


february 07, 2025







 










what is mucositis? 4 things to know about this cancer treatment side effect


february 06, 2025







 










your stem cell transplant consultation: questions to ask


january 31, 2025







 










what is anal dysplasia? causes, treatment and outlook


january 30, 2025







 










gynecologic oncologist: how i combine art and science


january 29, 2025







 










understanding sarcoidosis: symptoms, diagnosis and treatment


january 29, 2025







 










asbestos exposure and cancer: 8 things to know


january 27, 2025





read more diagnosis and treatment articles


subscribe to cancerwise newsletter



read inspiring stories from patients and caregivers – and get their advice to help you or a loved one through cancer.





 










ovarian cancer survivor, employee: treatment at md anderson is ‘the best decision i ever made’


february 13, 2025







 










art space volunteer draws inspiration from young friend


january 31, 2025







 










breast cancer survivor’s mindset and trust in doctors got her through treatment


january 23, 2025







 










cancer survivor summits highest point in contiguous u.s.


january 22, 2025







 










prostate cancer survivor excited to donate blood again


january 17, 2025







 










chordoma survivor: 'put your faith in the doctors'


january 15, 2025







 










next-generation sequencing and immunotherapy give bladder cancer patient hope


january 09, 2025







 










chronic myeloid leukemia survivor: why i joined a clinical trial at md anderson


december 31, 2024





read more patient and caregiver stories


subscribe to cancerwise newsletter



get md anderson experts’ advice to help you stay healthy and reduce your risk of diseases like cancer.






 










weight loss during cancer treatment: 5 do's and don’ts


february 14, 2025







 










what is the 5:2 diet?


february 11, 2025







 










5 things to know about raised moles


february 10, 2025







 










prebiotics versus probiotics: what’s the difference?


february 05, 2025







 










collagen benefits: should i take a supplement?


february 03, 2025







 










10 years of endtobacco


january 24, 2025







 










what is royal jelly?


january 17, 2025







 










what to know about nicotine pouches


january 16, 2025





get more healthy living advice


subscribe to our focused on health newsletter



learn how md anderson researchers are advancing our understanding and treatment of cancer – and get to know the scientists behind this research.






 










4 questions with immunology researcher susan bullman


february 04, 2025







 










4 questions for mathematical oncologist heiko enderling, ph.d.


january 28, 2025







 










committed to making cervical cancer screening easier


january 08, 2025







 










11 new research advances from the past year


december 19, 2024







 










finding hope for cancer patients in ferroptosis research


december 12, 2024







 










advances in small cell lung cancer classification


november 25, 2024







 










exploring pancreatic cancer vaccines: what’s next?


november 21, 2024







 










what is the future of cell therapy in cancer treatment?


november 08, 2024





read more research articles


subscribe to our cancer frontline newsletter



read insights on the latest news and trending topics from md anderson experts, and see what drives us to end cancer.






 










dogs boost employee wellness and morale


february 12, 2025







 










patient access representative supports patients, team during hurricane


december 20, 2024







 










domestic violence and cancer treatment: 5 things to know


november 06, 2024







 










are you a victim of domestic violence?


october 15, 2024







 










how md anderson’s global oncology commitment is improving cancer care worldwide


september 27, 2024







 










what is phantom limb pain? 5 questions, answered


july 15, 2024







 










3 things to know about ai and cancer care


may 30, 2024







 










colorectal cancer nurse inspired by patients every day


may 16, 2024





get more expert insights


subscribe to cancerwise newsletter



find out what inspires our donors to give to md anderson, and learn how their generous support advances our mission to end cancer.





 










video producer’s storytelling supports md anderson’s mission to end cancer


february 06, 2025







 










three cancer survivors raise funds to support colorado patients


october 03, 2024







 










leukemia survivor, breast cancer caregiver: why i joined md anderson’s boot walk to end cancer


september 17, 2024







 










advances in cancer neuroscience and drug discovery could benefit patients with alzheimer’s disease


may 06, 2024







 










testicular cancer survivor: renewed perspective helped me heal


march 27, 2024







 










caregiver supports ovarian cancer research to honor wife’s memory


march 21, 2024







 










inflammatory breast cancer survivor finds hope at md anderson


october 24, 2023







 










from breast cancer patient to chair of md anderson’s boot walk to end cancer®


october 11, 2023





read more donor stories


subscribe to cancerwise newsletter

















help #endcancer








give now





your gift will help make a tremendous difference.



donate













donate blood





our patients depend on blood and platelet donations.



make an appointment













shop md anderson





show your support for our mission through branded merchandise. 



view products























subscribe to our cancerwise newsletter
































explore



patients & family



prevention & screening



donors & volunteers



for physicians



research



education & training



clinical trials



languages






about



about md anderson



careers 



blog



newsroom



for employees



merchandise 



title ix reporting (sexual misconduct)



price transparency






finding your way



our doctors



locations



directions



sitemap




digital accessibility



accessibility policy






get in touch




  

call
1-877-632-6789





  

ask a question






stay connected
























more


 website privacy policy

 legal statement & policies

 reports to the state

 emergency alert information

 state of texas links

 md anderson cancer network®

 vendors & suppliers







© 2025 the university of texas md anderson cancer center 


















