


	dietitians of canada - join one of the largest communities of dietitians in the world

































   














skip to content







contact usfind a dietitianfor the publicpenfrançais




search









notes


arrow_back

close


join us
arrow_forward
join usmember benefitsmember categories & feesprofessional liability insurancemember networks

about
arrow_forward
about dietitians of canadaboard of directorslearn about dietitiansawards and recognitionpractice blogstore and services

become a dietitian
arrow_forward
educationeducator hubformer pdepstudent centrejob board (members only)recruit a dietitian

advocacy
arrow_forward
nutrition monthpriority issues and actionsequity, diversity & inclusiontruth and reconciliationresource libraryinterprofessional collaborations

learn
arrow_forward
learning on demandonline coursesjournal of dietetic practice and researchpen: practice-based evidence in nutrition®

events
arrow_forward
upcoming eventsicnd 2024past events

news
arrow_forward
association newsmember announcementsinterview a dietitianmember blogs

member loginarrow_forward





login



search


close


site search

search















welcome
join one of the largest communities of dietitians in the world. together we are influencing key issues and supporting career-long leadership, excellence and growth.

join us!









featured members
celebrating the people who make us who we are






kristyn hall, msc rd | energize nutrition
              2023 dc member blog participant. energize nutrition helps women energize their midlife through the power of nutrition.
             











jennifer house, rd | first step nutrition
              recognized for exceptional leadership in the consulting dietitians network and also a 2023 member blog participant.
             











sue mah, rd | nutrition solutions
              2023 dc member blog participant. nutrition solutions offers information on nutrition trends, myth-busting and...
             











julie cavaliere, rd
              dc board member and 2021 winner of the marie taylor award for excellence in long term care, seniors nutrition and...
             











jackie silver mhsc, rd (she/her)
              providing virtual counselling to physical disability and neurodivergent communities through a weight-inclusive lens.
             











terence boateng, rd, csep-cep, mhsc
              sports dietitian and cookbook author
             











maria biasutti, rd
              2021 winner of the marie taylor award for excellence in long term care, seniors nutrition and dietetic practice.
             











robin hartl, rd
              2021 winner of the marie taylor award for excellence in long term care, seniors nutrition and dietetic practice.
             











alka chopra
              recognized for exceptional leadership in the consulting dietitians network.
             











jennifer neale
              recognized for exceptional leadership in the consulting dietitians network.
             











michelle jaelin, rd
              award-winning tv and media dietitian and asian food and nutrition blogger
             











jennifer paterson, rd 
              consulting dietitian in alberta
             











nicole pin, man, rd
              university dietitian in ontario
             











dr. debbie maclellan
              dr. debbie maclellan is this year's ryley-jeffs memorial award recipient.
             











laurel leconte, rd
              laurel shares five strategies for sustaining a motivating career as a dietitian.
             











novella lui
              2021 association catalyst award winner for her leadership in two networks.
             















close












arrow_back



arrow_forward










updates
keep up to date on the latest news at dietitians of canada







nourish to flourish nutrition month 2025
dietitians of canada is delighted to unveil the theme for 2025: nourish to fl...
learn more








advocacy update: key recommendations for dietitians in 20...
dietitians of canada is proud to share some key recommendations from the 2025...
learn more








dietitians of canada and the canadian association of soci...
dietitians of canada and the canadian association of social workers (casw) ar...
learn more








honouring national day for truth and reconciliation
dietitians of canada observes the national day for truth and reconciliation. ...
learn more








dietitians of canada announces new external edi advisory ...
today, dietitians of canada (dc) is pleased to announce the members of its ne...
learn more








nutrition month 2025 planning guide now available
the 2025 nutrition month planning guide is now available for download.
learn more








the canadian foundation for dietetic research announces f...
this month the canadian foundation for dietetic research (cfdr) approved fund...
learn more








advocacy for student loan forgiveness for dietitians
ehpc identified lack of targeted funding for interprofessional team in budget.
learn more








advocate for cross-border virtual practice for dietitians
join the dc community to advocate for cross border virtual practice.
learn more






















close

dc membership login/registration




i am a guest
fill in your details below to download the file as a guest.


first name



last name





email





download





or



i am already a member of dietitians of canada
you are not logged in.


login




only members can download this file
if you have a member account, please login to download this file.





					not a member yet? sign up today











find a dietitian


join us

join us
member benefits
member categories & fees
professional liability insurance
member networks



about

about dietitians of canada
board of directors
learn about dietitians
awards and recognition
practice blog
store and services



become a dietitian

education
educator hub
former pdep
student centre
job board (members only)
recruit a dietitian



advocacy

nutrition month
priority issues and actions
equity, diversity & inclusion
truth and reconciliation
resource library
interprofessional collaborations



learn

learning on demand
online courses
journal of dietetic practice and research
pen: practice-based evidence in nutrition®



events

upcoming events
icnd 2024
past events







contact us 
faqs






terms of use
privacy policy


						copyright 2025 - dietitians of canada | crafted by inorbital


   

















