 


joshual kennels



































 



 

homewho we areabout the breederlem in concertjoshua kennels productspuppiessiresbroodsprevention plus (tm)books by lemuel millerdeposits - payments - shippingcontact us

 



this web site requires that javascript be enabled. click here for instructions..





      home
      





welcome to joshua kennels website.
joshua kennels50+ years of breeding better dogs

ephesians 1:3 blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in christ.
to order prevention plusclick here

the joshua kennels family

pups born 1/27/25 have all been sold...we hope to breed again in may 2025


...on friday jesus was scourged to provide our healing....on friday it appeared as if god had abandoned his only begotten son. jesus himself
   said, my god my god why have you forsaken me!
…on friday jesus was not only crucified but was humiliated in every way possible.
...on friday...philippians 2:8 and after he had appeared in human form, he abased and humbled himself [still further] and carried his obedience to the extreme of death, even the death of the cross!...on friday darkness covered the land and the prince of darkness couldn't have been
   more pleased because he believed he had won a great victory by killing the son of god.
...on friday they took jesus off the cross and laid him in a borrowed tomb.
that was friday! but sunday's coming! ...on sunday god demonstrated the fact that he had not abandoned jesus on the cross by
   raising him from the dead. ...on sunday jesus walked out of the tomb knowing that he had finished the job that his
  heavenly father had sent him to do. paul wrote about this in the second chapter of philippians when he said¦ 9 therefore [because he stooped so low] god has highly exalted him and has freely bestowed on him the name that is above every name,  10 that in (at) the name of jesus every knee should (must) bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, 11 and every tongue frankly and openly] confess and acknowledge that jesus christ is lord, to the glory of god the father.
 ...on sunday jesus' resurrection demonstrated that satan had not defeated him, but instead jesus had won the victory over satan as well as sin, death and the grave. 
this is what the apostle paul was talking about in 1 corinthians 15:54...“death is swallowed up in victory.” 55 “o death, where is your sting? o grave, where is your victory?” 56 the sting of death is sin, and the strength of sin is the law. 57 but thanks be to god, who gives us the victory through our lord jesus christ.if you feel abandoned by god, it may look like friday for you, you may feel like he's forgotten your name and your needs.  
sunday's coming! god has not abandoned you any more than he abandoned jesus christ. deuteronomy 31:6 says, be strong and courageous. do not be afraid or terrified¦.for the lord your god goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you." 
jesus promised that he would be with us, "even until the end of the age" and the apostle paul also reminded us in philippians 4:19 that god will meet all of our needs according to his glorious riches in christ jesus.  whenever you have the grief, sorrow, rejection, pain or death of a friday, such as jesus and his followers had, know that sunday is coming. on sunday,jesus was triumphant up from the grave he (yeshua hamashiach, the saviour of the world.) arose! because he arose, we now sing; he lives! he lives! salvation to impart! you ask me how i know he lives? he lives within my heart.i am born again in christ jesus…he is truly within me, in my heart and because he is, i too, am triumphant! 


joshua kennels
home of 
national ch. joshua's sand valley sam aka "cowboy"
national ch. joshua's ol' southern white aka "josh"
national ch. josua's caleb
national ch. joshua's tabatha
national ch. joshua's isaac
champion joshua's qarah
champion joshua's white bandits love
breeding better dogs since 1960'sgive your special someone the best friend money can buy!a joshua bulldog!
athletic bulldogs that love the water







...bishop and pastor lemuel miller 
...owner joshua kennels
 
having a good dog is not a matter of life or death, it's way more important than that!
 joshua's isaacnkc national champion 2013
isaac received 2 best in show wins plus winning the nationals against the top 10 american bulldogs and all the best in class winners. we at joshua kennels are very thankful!!! 
lem miller with the weekends trophies and $1,000.00 cash prize! lem with cousins & kennel partners linda hall & rev. dale croft, took 6 bulldogs & did pretty well wouldn't you say?
6 bulldogs, (3 shows):
1 national championship trophy (crystal vase)
$1,000.00 national championship prize money
1 best of the best national championship plaque
3 best in show plaques
2 best male in show plaques
2 best female in show plaques
13 first place wins, 
6 reserve winners, 
3 second place finishes 
1 third place
1 drivest puppy plaque
champion joshua's qarah aka "nugget"
 winner best standard female at nationals
and best in show alabama classic 2013,
pictured with judge: dixie luckman & handler dale croft
 joshua's jabez, 
1st place (senior male) nationals
winner reserve best male in show
1st place (senior male) alabama classic
winner reserve best male in show
1st place (senior male) alabama classic show two
winner reserve best male in show
  
national ch. joshua's ol' southern white 
have you ever desired to be "world heavy weight champion" or perhaps the "world's strongest athlete" or maybe "mr. or miss olympia" and become the greatest body builder in the world?  in the human race it is highly unlikely that one individual will ever beable to become all three of the aforementioned champions.  however, in the world of canines, there is one breed of dog that most assuredly could accomplish all three!
joshua kennels is proud to introduce you to the"champion of champions"the ol' southern white "type" american bulldog. most likely responsible for putting courage and tenacity into every breed of dog that claims to be heroic, the american bulldog is the breed chosen by man to do mans' toughest work. having been known to catch and seize lions, bear, wild cats, wolves, wild boar, horses, mules and of course cattle thus, the name bulldog. this breed is where the terms "ol" fashioned bulldog tenacity and "bulldog grit" come from.
temperament tested, protection trained, these ol' time farm raised bulldogs win in the conformation ring and will win your heart as the best friend money can buy. 
e-books
e-book training the american bulldog
training the american bulldog, contains common sense training techniques by world- renowned bulldogger, lemuel david miller (lem), who has been breeding and training for 50 plus years. the simple application of training techniques discussed in this book makes training your bulldog, quick and easy. this is a must read, for every new american bulldog owner.
price:  $ 15.00click here to buy
old family bulldogs
cousin albert  with his bulldog in 1947                       
bj in 1975
our cousin, steve talks about his bulldog, bj. "he was the kindest, toughest, gentlest, strongest dog i ever saw. he was around for 15 years or more, and though he has been gone for many years, he left a big hole down on the farm" 
deposits-payments-shipping
puppies
sires
broods
prevention plus tm 
books  





 





main menu

more about joshua kennels

  satisfied clients
  famous interviews
  good bye ol' friend
  the legend continues
  history of the ol southern bulldog
  the original american bulldog









purchase products

for purchase of ... 
please enter a description
purchase price $  usd
please enter a price
 
please enter an invoice id









 




looking for something?
use the form below to search the site:






still not finding what you are looking for? drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it!









© 2007 - 2025 joshual kennels    proudly powered by e107 which is released under the terms of the gnu gpl license.    back to top ↑
 













