
















captain capitalism









































































captain capitalism



rantings and tirades of a frustrated economist.

























































































monday, january 06, 2025







clippings from "zero world problems"





 greetings cappy readers!with the advent of streaming it is obvious many of your favorite bloggers no longer write, and instead have been sucked into the realm of podcasting/streaming.  i am one of those victims.however, i am writing my latest book "zero world problems," some pieces of which were removed/editing from the book.  these "clippings," though well-written, end up on the editing floor as they don't really fit in the book.  i present one here just to keep the ole blog alive and give our old school readers a little something to read:
post-material economies require
non-material standards of living.  which means the first thing you
need to do is reject your conventional middle school values and all
the materialism that comes with it.  this is easier said that done
in that humans are
biologically addicted to consumption and socially programmed to hold
it as the most important thing in their lives.  but it doesn't change
the fact that if you don't ditch materialism as the most important
thing in life, you are more or less guaranteed to waste yours,
suffering the miserable "punting lives" described above.




how one does this is up to the
individual.  they can read stoic and epicurean philosophy, putting it
into practice in their own lives.  they can study minimalism and make
it their personal financial strategy.  eastern philosophies such as
buddhism, ikigai, confucianism, and taoism are great resources for
understanding the philosophical benefits and reasons for a
non-material life.  and a simple and dirty trick is to just use
facebook to look up all the materialist assholes you had to deal with
in your past and see just how miserable, fat, and debt-ridden they
are.  regardless
of how you get to this epiphany, it is your responsibility to do so. 
but if there's a trick, if there's a short cut to giving you the
needed motivation to abandon your middle school values, it's
realizing one thing;




just how much cheaper it is to
abandon your material goals.




for all practical points and
purposes, you will never achieve the level of wealth you want.  it
just isn't going to happen as you'll always want more.  but in that
vain pursuit, it will cost you everything in life.  you money, your
time, your happiness, your youth, and your health.  but imagine for a
second you didn't care what other people thought about you.  imagine
if you didn't need to buy a fancy car, fancy clothes, attend an
overpriced school, or live in some uppity neighborhood.  what if your
car payment, your mortgage/rent, and your credit card bills were all
1/3rd they are today?  what if you only bought what you needed, and
not what society demanded?  what could you do?  





could you sleep in and enjoy a
coffee before you had to drive to work?

could you walk to work as you could
afford a smallish apartment near your job?

could you work 30 hours a week
instead of 60 since your car was paid off?

what if you had no student loan
debt?  would that improve your standard of living?

what if you were never divorced? 
would that improve your life?

and what price would you place on
never having to worry about money ever again?




the truth is the average american
has no idea how close they are to financial freedom.  how much easier
it would be if they would just give up all the edina castle rock
scottsdale cavaricci bullshit.
how
much richer they'd be owning less, allowing them to do more.  and
while this book has made some philosophical arguments for replacing
material standards of living with non-material ones, that is not the
main intention of this book.  those arguments have been much better
presented in the works of stoic and eastern philosophers (of which
you should absolutely read).  the purpose of this book is a more
economically practical one with a "do now, understand later"
approach.  it is to identify new specific standards we should be
pursuing in this post-material world.  it is to identify new life
goals and objectives that will lead to a better, more fulfilled life.
 it is to give you a list of specific new economic goals to achieve
so you know what to pursue in life after you've achieved enough
materially.  it is to make
you want these goals more than you want a ferrari or side by side.

these new economic standards of
living will fall the following categories:

freedom

simplicity

peace of mind

your home, and

your health

it will be through these things
humanity can continue to advance and the individual can continue to
pursue happiness.





posted by



captain capitalism




at

6:56 am



no comments:
  





























thursday, may 02, 2024







how the department of homeland security wasted $700,000 in taxpayer money on "diverting hate"





 
ain't no rest for the wicked

april was a busy month for me.  it entailed the end of a busy tax
season.  two cross country trips totaling over 4,500 miles driven.  a
fun (though physically exhausting) 20 mile hiking adventure in utah. 
and the obligatory week of physical labor entailed in spring
cleaning.  and so when i pulled into my home late last night after a
1,100-mile-one-day drive, i was looking forward to nothing more than
banging out the spring cleaning, mowing my yard, hitting the gym, and
bingeing on gintama, my latest interest in japanese anime.

that was until i found out i was on a government list.

and if you know anything about "government lists," you know
you don't want to be on one.

and so, instead of being able to enjoy a well-deserved week-long rest
of just hitting the gym and getting my anime-geek on, i was obliged
to research how i got on this list, what this list was all about, and
who put together this list.  furthermore, upon figuring these things
out, it became apparent to me i would additionally now have to go
public, explaining this list and the people behind it, as this list
is going viral and many of my fine audience members are bringing it
to my attention. 


so much for gintama.

what happened

while the original report has been taken down (though a copy has been
linked below), the best i can put together with what remains on the
internet is that a non-profit organization called "diverting
hate" received $700,000 in government funding from the
department of homeland security to conduct some research into the
possibility of "redirecting traffic" from red
pill/manosphere sites to other man-oriented sites that "diverting
hate" deemed..."not hateful."  this was done under the
claim that red pill sites (such as my own, fresh & fit, rollo
tomassi, etc.) were radicalizing susceptible, lonely, and
marginalized men into misogyny, extremism, even "violence and
hatred" against women, and by running ads on our platforms and
channels, these alienated men would discover and be diverted to the
alternative pro-male channels "diverting hate" deemed
appropriate and not anti-woman. 


to do this diverting hate hired out various academics at various
colleges including middlebury, arizona state, the mccain institute
and others.  these academics would identify "hateful" red
pill channels/sites, research the channels, measure their "misogyny,"
even come up with some colorful (and ridiculous) methodologies to
create a "male supremacy scale."  they also did significant
research into other platforms, vocabulary used in the manosphere/red
pill community, speculation into how to intervene and protect
susceptible males, and ultimately created a recommended "course
of action list."  and best
i can tell they actually did purchase advertising to redirect traffic
from the aforementioned sites to the politically-correct sanitized
ones (though the success of this is to be determined.  additionally,
i will change anything above that proves to be erroneous.).  


had this been any other academic research it would have largely been
ignored.  but since diverting hate published their report in march of
2024, it has gone viral for several reasons.  first, in accusing a
list of sizable online influencers of being misogynists and
proponents of violence, diverting hate immediately fired up these
influencers' large audiences, who then proceeded to make this report
go viral.  second, the accusation alone of promoting violence prompts
influencers to answer and defend themselves (my video i'm sure will
only be one of many).  third, the presence of homeland security.  not
only is it controversial, even scandalous that taxpayer money is
being used to fund such "research," but there's the
implication said influencers are possible domestic terrorists or
supporters/enablers of domestic terrorism (and you can read that
implication in the report).  


but if the three aforementioned things weren't enough to rile up
millions of fans, it's the absurdity of the report that probably
caused it to go viral most.  the researchers just blatantly and
unfoundedly accuse people of misogyny, male supremacy and violence. 
they arrogantly accuse all these people of misogyny and violence on
the sole reason and rationale that "they say so."  and so
now we have government-financed academics arbitrarily and spuriously
accusing people of promoting sexism, violence, even domestic
terrorism, with absolutely no checks or being questioned, resulting
in an orwellian, stasi like government list (though technically, it
is an academic list, not an actual government list).  in short, it is
the tyrannical nature of the report and the academics who published
it that has resulted in this report going viral (and consequently
being taken down by the now-embarrassed and exposed researchers).

what is really happening

for you to truly understand what's really going on, you really do
need to read the report in its entirety.  the reason being is that
while these academics and researchers thought they were being clever,
the report is the single most damning bit of evidence as to their
true motivations, sloppy research methods, political bias, ulterior
motives, intellectual dishonesty, and frankly, laughable stupidity. 
however, it's completely understandable if you don't have the time or
inclination to read a 55 page document (i didn't.  i could have
watched 3 episodes of gitnama in that time!)  but here is my proposed
synopsis of what i think is really happening, of which you can verify
by reading the report yourself.

it's nothing but a rank and file money-grab.

admittedly, this may sound too simplistic or trite, but again, i
implore you to read their report as evidence.  it's all there.

first, not a single person involved in the writing, researching and
publishing of this report has a real job or a real degree (trust me,
i looked into all their backgrounds).  they are all life-long
academic hacks who have been in school since kindergarten, and all
have avoided any serious subjects that require math, rigor,
intelligence or hard work (just look at their degrees which include
gender studies, sociology, social psychology, cultural studies, and
tellingly "terrorism studies").  however, their bloviated
bullshit degrees indicate they're too egotistical to merely accept a
welfare check.  and so when there's government grant money to be had
(be it the dhs or not), these people have a tremendous financial and
egotistical motivation to get it because it allows them to think
they're doing something valuable for society, while avoiding real
work at the same time.  in short, this is just a welfare jobs
program, and they need to rationalize it.

second, their laziness shows throughout the report.  


not a single calorie of effort was made to understand or even accept
the chance that the people they were critiquing had legitimate
concerns, more nuanced arguments, or simply different views. 
additionally, no one from the opposing team was interviewed or asked
to give their input.  diverting hate and its participants just
mindlessly accused everyone of being
"saturday-morning-cartoon-villain-evil" because its easier
than doing actual investigations or interviews, let alone trying to
understand the other side.  


also painfully obvious was how little effort they put into compiling
their "male supremacy list."  their list of 11 "main
influencers" was a good start, but was missing some major and
much more influential red pill/manosphere influencers.  it shows they
were too lazy to put in the rigor required to perfect a list of a
genuine "top 10" or "top 20" influencers.  and
it's likely they didn't want to crunch the data for more than a mere
11 channels.

related, the methodologies were just laughable, showing equal
laziness via a lack of rigor.  of particular note was research done
by "peril" - "polarization & extremism research &
innovation lab" to measure "male supremacy."  having
had to measure amorphous things like "male supremacy"
myself in my economics research, i can appreciate the challenge the
"peril" team had.  but instead of sitting down and putting
the effort into coming up with metrics and variables that would
plausibly and logically measure people who actually believed
men were superior, it was obviously just a lazy list of
beliefs they wanted to define as male supremacy.  things like:

-feminism is about hating men

-modern society prioritizes women over men

-feminists are unattractive

-women are driven to find higher status males

-women are attracted to high status men

things many people believe (and often are true), but don't
necessarily make you a male supremacist if you believe them.

i could go on.  the vocabulary methodology was a joke and showed they
put no effort into compiling, let alone understanding a comprehensive
list of red pill terms.  their logic and conclusions were not
consistent, and often strained to conclude what they wanted.  half
the methodologies i couldn't understand what their point was because
of poor writing and explanation.  the blind assumption and accusation
everyone's a misogynist allowed for them to avoid the hard work that
would come with analyzing a complex topic, let alone accurately
diagnosing it.  and absolutely no effort was put into hiding their
political bend at all (yeah, we got it, you don't like trump, and i
found it particularly cute you capitalized "black men" but
not "white men").  all in all it was an intellectually lazy
and dishonest effort and it showed.

third, the premise of "diverting hate" is absurd.  not that
we shouldn't be against misogyny, violence or terrorism, but that
you're going to pay to divert traffic from sites you don't like???
 that sounds horribly inefficient.  this reminds me of bullshit
business ideas the wives of rich men would come up with when i was in
banking.  ideas that didn't make a lot of sense and the money
could've have been better spent elsewhere.  however, just as i
erroneously and naively assumed the wives of these rich men wanted to
run a profitable business, it's an erroneous and naive assumption to
think diverting hate wants to save marginalized men or protect women.
 the rich wife was bored and wanted something to do, diverting hate
just wants the money.  and they will go to the extent of falsely
accusing people of hate, violence, misogyny, or extremism to get it.

when you factor in:

1.  everyone's work-avoidant/white collar panhandling bogus academic
careers

2.  the poor quality of research and work that belies their biases,
laziness, motivations, lack of intellectual honesty, and one might
even argue misandry, and

3.  the dubious premise that to combat disenfranchized men, misogyny,
and violence, redirecting traffic from a group of poorly selected
sites is a viable strategy

i contend diverting hate and all people associated with it were
primarily, if not, solely motivated by money and not anything
as noble as fighting misogyny, protecting women, or helping out
disenfranchised men.

why the dhs should demand their money back

i cannot emphasize enough that the
people involved in this report do not care about at-risk men or the
safety of women.  they are merely using these people as a pawns to
get funding.  if they did actually care about the safety of women and
marginalized men, an entirely different and infinitely more practical
approach would have been used.  


at minimum they should have at
least tried to understand why different influencers and platforms are
saying things they don't like.  why the red pill has become so
popular among main stream culture.  a sort of understand your enemy
sort of strategy.  related, they would also make attempts to co-opt
or turn these influencers to their side, or to at least understand
it.  if these influencers are so large and have such influence over
large audiences, they already have the infrastructure and network to
directly promote the
message to the precise audience diverting hate wants to reach. it
would seem to me
these influencers would be a tremendous asset to diverting hate's
cause, and almost the first people you would try to persuade to your
line of reasoning or concerns.  and it would be certainly more
effective in "stopping misogyny" than paying social media
platforms to "divert traffic."  all diverting hate did was
accuse these people of extremism and promoting violence, further
alienating these people to their cause.  diverting hate couldn't even
offer to debate these people on a public platform.

however, since diverting hate's
main objective is funding themselves and not fighting misogyny, none
of these practical measures were taken, let alone recommended in the
report.  furthermore, in not really caring about men/women, they have
no incentive to accurately diagnose the root causes of the misogyny
and violence they feign so much concern about.  because of this
whatever progress the department of homeland security was hoping to
achieve in funding diverting hate will not be realized and the entire
$700,000 will be wasted.  none of diverting hate's strategies were
practical.  none of their research was intellectually honest,
empirical, or based in reality.  men were certainly not consulted in
any of this (nearly all the researchers are female).  and
consequently, all of their recommendations will likely fail.

to this point, all one has to do is
look at the approved list of alternative men's sites diverting hate
wants to redirect traffic to.  to be perfectly honest, they're kinda
shit.  a third of the sites you can't find without some serious
digging, and some i couldn't find at all.  if you find them, many of
their websites are also, well, kinda shit as as well.  those that do
have a youtube channel rarely have consistent material.  and i don't
want to speculate about what kind leftist, male-feminist, soy boy,
vegan, emasculating, anti-male horseshit content these channels are
likely to have.  if these sites were so critical to the strategy of
diverting hate, why are they so inaccessible and lame?  it's
reminiscent of the religious right trying to make "christian
rap" cool in the 90s - fake, dishonest, and inauthentic.  it's
also evidence diverting hate wasn't really serious about providing a
viable alternative to red pill influencers for the men they so
desperately claimed to want to save, providing further evidence this
was a rank money grab.

however, if the department of
homeland security was serious about intervening with at-risk men, as
well as lowering the risk of violence against women, all is not lost.
 there is a group of people they could enlist who are much more
informed and intricately more familiar with these at-risk men.  and
those people are the exact same red pill/manosphere influencers
"diverting hate" seems to...well...hate.

red pill influencers, for all their
drawbacks, are much more familiar with the state of men and the
individual men themselves than what is, frankly, a group of
monolithic-thinking, privileged feminist academics who haven't lived
a day outside academia.  i would even go so far as to say that red
pill influencers have already done more to lessen violence and
misogyny against women by telling men the harsh truths about the
sexes instead of pretty lies.  this has led to an increasing stoic
acceptance and better understanding of women, rather than generations
of confused and frustrated men, seeking vengeance or retribution over
something they don't understand and therefore lash out at.  because
of red pill influencers' better understanding of at-risk men, their
closer proximity to them, and their lack of an ulterior motive
(unlike their feminist, politically-motivated academic-hack
counterparts), the department of homeland security should consider
something radical.  they should spend that $700,000 on red pill
influencers instead.  there would be more and better results.  the
advice coming from red pill influencers would be more effective in
combating disaffected men and any violence against women.  and to be
perfectly honest most would probably do it free of charge, or in
rollo's case, a free guitar.

but regardless of whether the dhs
listens to red pillers or to echo-chambered feminist professors, the
$700,000 they gave to diverting hate was wasted.  it did nothing.  it
helped no one.  and that will be proven when the same people come
around claiming they need more money to fight the problem the
original $700,000 didn't solve.  it will then be up to the
intellectual honesty of the dhs to determine if they're going to
continue wasting taxpayer money on politically motivated horseshit
money grabs like this or more wisely and effectively spend the
taxpayers' money.

in defense of my colleagues 


the mindless, blanketed, trumped-up
charges of misogyny laid against my colleagues is both wreckless,
ill-thought out, and in many cases inapplicable.  furthermore, it
misses the mark.  and while i do not know every one on the "male
supremacy list," nor have i consumed every second of everyone's
material, there is no doubt in my mind that in casting a
wide-and-indifferent net, diverting hate has falsely accused some
people of being misogynists.

this is largely due to the
researchers' laziness or lack of desire in trying to understand the
finer and very real points being made by these red pill influencers. 
but it is also due to a fundamental difference in what these
academics and red pillers believe.  mainly whether men and women are
different.  


this has resulted in a paradox that
anytime red pill influencers point out differences between men and
women, even if well-intended, it is immediately categorized of being
sexist or misogynist since the nature of the observation is a
difference between the sexes.  


for example, every woman involved
in the research and publication of this report wasted...well...pretty
much their entire lives pursuing worthless, bullshit degrees.  i have
a long and established record of promoting, even imploring young
women not to waste their time on worthless degrees, so that they
might be wealthy, financially stable, and happier instead.  however,
such a criticism would no doubt be met by accusations of "misogyny"
even though it would be in the best financial interests of women
everywhere and would be the single most effective thing women could
do to close the wage gap.  but because i dare criticize women, even
constructively, it's "misogyny."  


another example of this is in the
report itself.  where beliefs like:

-women are attracted to high value
men

-women seek high status men

-modern society prioritizes women
over men

-women hit the wall

are deemed misogynistic and "male
supremacy" according to the authors of the report.  never mind
they're all true.  never mind acknowledging these facts would
tremendously help men and women understand each other.  because they
are uncomfortable truths and women simply don't like hearing them we
need to accuse any red pill influencer of saying such things of
misogyny.  unfortunately no progress can be made between the sexes if
we're not allowed to at least acknowledge the truth.  


and as an intellectual exercise in
understanding something you don't agree with, a third extreme example
would be some of my colleagues' position that the right to vote
should be taken away from women.  yes, on the face of it, that is
misogynistic.  no, i don't believe women should have their right to
vote removed.  but their position to revoke the right of women to
vote does not in fact come from a malicious hatred of women or
misogyny, but a concern that women voting has had a detrimental
effect on society, including women themselves.  again, i don't
believe in that position, but the hatred of women is not behind it. 
a desire to commit or promote violence against women is not there. 
ironically, it is a desire to protect them.  however, to political
ideologues, blindly motivated by government funding, this
fine-yet-important distinction is lost on them.

the already-complicated issue of
misogyny within the red pill community is further complicated by the
wide array of characters and personalities within it.  some
influencers may be more bombastic or perhaps engage in shock jock
tactics to get the clicks which could be construed as misogyny.  some
have found a gold mine in bringing on delusional and confrontational
women to talk about male and female dynamics (fresh and fit being the
original ones to do this, but with follow ups such as "the
whatever podcast"...which curiously was missing from the "male
supremacy list.").  there were more reserved, mature "william
f. buckley jr." types, epitomized by the esteemed kevin samuels
(may god rest his soul).   even women such as pearly things are part
of the red pill community, presenting feminists a circle they can't
square.  and then there's just ho-hum elderly man types who dispense
their folksy, old man wisdom such as rich cooper and rollo tomassi. 
harmless, affable men who just tell you how women are and used to be
"back in the day."  and while in this colorful group of
people there is a wide array of controversial opinions and serious
criticisms about women, not a single one of them hate women or have
these opinions out of malice.  these people are not misogynists.

but the real issue i think most
people take umbrage with in the diverting hate report is not the
accusation of misogyny.  that accusation, is frankly, so overused it
has lost its meaning and no one in the red pill community takes it
seriously.  what really pissed people off was the accusation that
we're advocating violence and the insinuation we're enabling domestic
terrorism.

let me make this abundantly clear.

neither i nor any one of the
colleagues i know have ever advocated violence, let alone against
women.  neither have we advocated domestic terrorism in any form. 
and while the topic of misogyny is gray enough we can all debate
about it, the accusation that we are promoting violence or terrorism
is one that lawsuits are made out of.

in short, i don't care how you
worthless academics make your grift.  and i don't care how desperate
you are to avoid working a real job in the real world.  but i do care
if my tax dollars are used to finance your grift.  and i definitely
care if i'm falsely accused of promoting violence, along with the
implication i'm contributing to domestic terrorism.  and so does
every other red pill influencer on that report and in the world.

i have had to waste 12 hours of my
free time researching and writing this response.  12 hours i'm never
getting back.  12 hours i could have been watching gintama.  12 hours
that could have made quick work of my spring cleaning.  i strongly
recommend to everyone involved in this report you don't make me waste
a single second more.

special thanks and resources

i wanted to thank a girl who is
simply known as "bx" on twitter who brought this to my, and
other people's, attention.  she has done tremendous work and research
on diverting hate and the various entities affiliated with it.  i
will have a link to her twitter account below.

also, if the department of homeland
security is serious about helping disenfranchised men and lessening
violence against women, you can find my consultancy at
www.assholeconsulting.com.  i do not charge $700,000, but i will
deliver results.  the site is also linked below.  additionally, the
contacts i have within the red pill community would provide a real
and valuable asset to the dhs if they are concerned about extremism
within men.

i have also linked to a copy of thereport published by diverting hate.  i have hard copies so if the
uploaded version is taken down, it will be uploaded again.  again, i
strongly recommend you read the report to see just what kind of
people these people are.

and many thanks for those of you
who took the time to listen to this long and belabored video.  if you
are interested subscribe to my channel.  or if you just hate what
"diverting hate" has done, subscribe out of spite and share
with your friends.





posted by



captain capitalism




at

10:10 am



no comments:
  





























thursday, october 26, 2023







when laziness was our friend





as is usually the case with writing a book, you will write something brilliant, but it just doesn't fit into the book.  you don't want to let it go, but it has to go on the cutting floor because while interesting, it doesn't serve the interests of the book.so i decided to post it here so it wasn't lost to the cutting floor.  the book should be published in november.  keep an eye out for "a world without men"
laziness was once one of humanity's best
friends.  it was a survival mechanism that kept us alive by making
sure we didn't expend more calories of energy than there was to eat
during times when food was not plentiful.  it was not immoral or
unethical, it was prudent.  laziness was an intelligent cost-benefit
analysis to make sure we did not squander our caloric resources so
that we didn't starve.  


however, since those times laziness has
mutated into the most evil cancer that infects humanity today. 
because whereas in times past, laziness was a means by which to
ensure your efforts were not wasted, it has now evolved into a
universal fear of work.  and not just a fear of work, but an
all-controlling, instinctual, crippling fear as it was so critical to
our survival in the past.  it is arguably even more powerful than the
male sex drive.  and this all-consuming fear has cost humanity nearly
its entire potential, as well as rendered the vast majority of human
lives pointless and wasted.

for example, i've had many clients who
lived in abusive homes.  when i asked the simple question, "well,
why don't you move?," they
all invariably responded,
"but i get free rent."
 people will tolerate actual abuse before getting a job.  their fear
of work is more powerful than the pain of abuse. 


millions
of young people every year major in the liberal arts, business, and
social sciences.  when you ask them "why
don't you major in accounting or engineering?"
they all say, "well
i don't like math."
 they are so afraid of work they'll waste 4 years of their youth and
cripple themselves financially with student debt to avoid it.  and
this says nothing about the lost potential had they chosen to do
something productive or great instead.

we could
go on, but the point is the fear of work is so powerful, it not only
forces people to make decisions that hurt them, but it also holds
people hostage so tightly it prevents them from achieving anything
good or great in their lives.  this consequently ruins most people's
lives as they both achieve nothing and suffer the entire time.  and
women are no exception.  they are just as much a slave to laziness as
any one else.






posted by



captain capitalism




at

5:29 pm



no comments:
  





























thursday, may 04, 2023








why do we put education behind a pay wall?  (aka - how to make free education a right)





americans are just too stupid, but...

20 years ago when it became apparent that most office work could be
done over the internet, i had one, simple question – why do we
commute?

it was not an idealistic question.  it was not a naive question.  it
was a very simple, logical, and ultimately correct question.  and the
reason it was a simple, logical and ultimately correct question was
because it exposed the simple fact that commuting was obsolete for
about 70% of the labor force.

what is fascinating, however, is how long it has taken the western
world to capitalize on this simple opportunity.  in reality, it should have
taken no more than two years' time to migrate white collar work to
people’s home offices.  office buildings should have been converted
to residential living spaces long ago.  and the past 20 years
americans should have enjoyed increased standards of living, lowing
living expenses, less carbon/pollution, lower stress, increased
health, stronger families and less traffic fatalities.

but here we are in 2023 pulling the teeth of a baby boomer corporate
managerial class that should have retired long ago.  an instead of
allowing us to enjoy a new golden era in american labor, we’re
still stuck commuting, tepidly asking our boss if we could
telecommute, as if we were asking him if we could bang his wife. 


now working in banking i learned long ago that today’s american
leaders are too stupid, short sighted, and ultimately set in their
ways to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities technology has
laid in front of us.  and me pointing out these opportunities over
the past 20 years was a colossal waste of time that has not resulted
in a single, tangible change.  but whereas my original goal inhighlighting these opportunities was to be a good economist and
dramatically improve our standards of living, today i merely point
these things out for posterity and to take great joy watchingamericans unnecessarily suffer because of their ignorance,
short-sightedness, and sloth.  i’d like to see the day politicians,
employers, corporate leaders get their heads out of their asses and
make life drastically better for all of us.  but we are just too damn
stupid.  and so i am relegated to take joy in other people's misery.

to continue my enjoyment of watching stupid people suffer, let me
highlight another opportunity americans have squandered.  an
opportunity that would no doubt usher in a new golden era of american
standards of living.  an opportunity that would solve damn near all
of our financial problems.  not to mention an opportunity we've been
squandering the past 20 years.  but one i am completely confident
americans will fail to avail themselves of.

making higher education truly free.

the nature of education is free 

whether you realize it or not we have the technology to make
education free.  and not in the sense that democrats, labor, or
socialist parties mean wherein the tax payer pays added taxes for
truly average westerners to get laughably stupid degrees in the
liberal arts or social sciences.  but in the sense of 
revolutionizing the concept of education from that of a product
into a constitutional-right.  and to understand this concept
of education as a right, it helps to understand what education is at
its atomic level versus how we currently provide an education to the
people.

first, understand that all education is, is information.  whether it
was learning your abc’s in kindergarten or learning how nuclear
fusion worked in grad school, it’s just previously-established
information being passed onto and installed in a new brain.  and this
information unto itself is free.  no individual or school owns that
fact that 2+2 = 4.  no university or college owns the information of
how html code can be used to build a website.  and so no person or
institution can charge for facts or information, because these facts
"just are."  information is self-evident, information is
universal, information is free.

additionally, the acquisition of this information can be free.  i can
go to the library and read books.  i can learn from other people as
they share their information with me.  i can watch documentaries on
nearly anything.  and with the advent of the internet all human
knowledge is now accessible for every one on the planet.  and so
today anyone can learn anything for free and no one (be that a
person, government, guild, or university) can stop them.  in this
sense, information and therefore education, is a right.  i have the
right to know anything i want.  i have the right to know facts,
processes, and details.  and no one can stop me from educating
myself.

the problem comes where we as a society have allowed various
institutions to determine whether or not the information someone has
acquired qualifies as an “education.”  and not just an education,
but a certified education that is worthy of employment.  


this is not entirely irrational.  first, without some form of
standards people could self-declare they are educated by essentially
lying on their resume.  most of us would be reluctant to hire a civil
engineer to build a bridge who claims he “totally educated himself,
honest!” as opposed to one put through a formal civil engineering
program.  second, until recently, schools were the most efficient way
to educate masses of people.  you can tutor an individual student one
on one, or an individual student can grab a book on economics and
teach himself at the library.  but having an expert in front of a
class of 200 students, clearly conveying specialized information is
much more efficient than tutoring one-on-one or an individual
inefficiently trying to educate himself on something completely new
to him.  so it is only rational that in a pre-internet era schools
and universities would form as the most efficient way to educate
people.  but there are several problems with having physical
institutions disseminating information and thus education, as well as
what our education system has morphed into today.

first, you are going to incur costs.  in having physical locations
where information is disseminated, you need teachers, property, and
buildings, replete with equipment (labs, desks, paper, etc), all of
which cost money.  information may be free, but it's going to cost
you if you wish to have people convey it to you in the form of a
certified credential/education.

second, even though a loud teacher with a powerful pa system can
speak to a hall of 2,000 students (willey hall, u of mn, 1993),
there's still a limit to the number of students a teacher can teach
at any one time.  and while it is impressive you can educate 2,000
students about psychology 101 all at the same time, the technology
exists that one youtube video of that professor's same lecture could
educate all the people in the world for free.  physical schools are
not only costly, but obsolete.

third, while no one individual school or college has a monopoly on
education, the education industry as a whole does.  not necessarily
out of malice or design, but in the fact that society more or less
requires a formal education to even be considered remotely employable
today.  worse, modern employers reinforce this unconscious monopoly
by granting it nearly total intrinsic value by making
nearly all employment contingent on receiving an accredited and
authorized education from this system.  this makes everyone's job,
and therefore everyone's financial lives, and therefore nearly
all of of the us economy wholly dependent on this monopoly.  and
with all of the nation's economy and all of people's financial lives
dependent upon this system, an incredible and unacceptable amount of
power has been centralized into this one industry.

fourth, this power has proven too tempting for people in the
education industry and they have predictably abused it.  the reason
tuition costs so much (when its true informational nature is free) is
because those employed by the education industry have morphed the
education industry from one that educates, trains, and prepares
generations of young people for success in the real world, to one
where they absolutely fleece young people out of a lifetime of money.
 everything from 2 years of unnecessary prereqs to get a bachelors
degree, to credits that cost $300 each, to college textbooks that
cost $500, to refusing to recognize credits from different schools,
the true nature of the higher education industry in america is to
extract as much money out of its students as possible in exchange for
a permission slip to work (and for most college degrees, not even
that).  nowhere (bar say, wgu and asu online) are schools trying to
make education more affordable.  everywhere education has become a
means by which teachers, professors, and administrators enrich
themselves off the young.

and finally, corruption.  making matters worse is that in having such
power centralized in one industry combined with the fact nearly all
american children must go through this system, other institutions,
industries, and people who have harmful ulterior aims are too tempted
not abuse this system.  whether you are a democrat or republican, it
is painfully obvious the k-college system indoctrinates young people
to become socialists and victims more than they do teaching them how
to program a computer, fix a car, or do their taxes.  more modernly,
various trait-based groups have infiltrated and abused the education
system to promote their trait based politics (be that race, gender,
sexual preference, mental illness, etc.) to future generations, which
does absolutely nothing to help young people (of all traits), but
rather mentally impairs them with defeatism, victimhood, hatred, and
no real employable skills.  employers are only more than happy to
arbitrarily require more education as it allows them to unload
on-job-training costs to schools and students.  and everyone who's
ever attended college are fully aware of the credit card companies
and banks who line up during freshman orientation and graduation to
get you to sign up for a credit card or a 7 year, 18% car loan. 
young students are viewed as a captive audience to be butchered like
cattle, not the generation society will rely upon to carry us
forward, who need to be invested in.

when we add up all these costs, the price is tremendous.

the costs of an obsolete, corrupt, and truly stupid system

explicitly, we spend $671 billion dollars on our higher education
system ($764 billion on k-12) per year.  85% of this money is
outright wasted on degrees that have no employability.  and unless
your skill or trade requires a physical lab or hands on instruction
(trades, engineering, physics, etc) worthwhile degrees such as
computer programming, actuarial science, accounting, etc., can all be
learned online or through self study.  while it would require looking
up data on the nces (national center for educational statistics), we
can safely assume nearly 90% of this $671 billion is simply wasted
money (and an argument can be made that with homeschooling, self
study, and the internet a significant chunk of the $764 billion in
k-12 is wasted as well).  in other words, in using a system that
allows people to self study from the comforts of their own homes, we
could save about $600 billion every year
(more if you consider k-12).

to put this into context and to show you just what a tremendous waste
this has been, 3.5 million american children are born every year.  if
we just gave them this money it would be $175,000 per student,
more if we were to allow students to self-study out of the k-12
system.  and though the average home in the us goes for about
$400,000, a ball park $200,000 per child would not only guarantee
some basic level of housing, it would guarantee housing for a
lifetime (and don't even get me started if we put that money into the
s&p 500 at the time of their birth and let compound growth do its
magic).

this is not an argument to defund education and instead give
everyone in america a house (though it would absolutely be a
better use of the money).  but it is to show you just how much money
we are wasting on an obsolete and outdated system putting education
behind a paywall.  not to mention just how much more we could do if
we spent this money more intelligently. 


what is arguably worse, however, is the non-financial costs we pay
using this outdated education system.  the fact we force children to
attend school for 13 years and they still don't have an employable
skill, is bordering on a human rights violation.  the fact we require
4-8 more years of education on top of that is simple robbery and
stupidity.  and the fact most jobs that require a college degree
could be done with an 8th grade education, means nearly half of these
children's' lives have been wasted.  if these kids were equipped with
an employable skill at 16, allowing them to work instead of waste
even more time in high school and college, a generation (assumed to
be 20 years of births) could amass an additional $17 trillion in
added economic production.  production that would enrich them rather
than impoverish them (like student loans/college do today), and
production that would eliminate nearly all of our economic problems. 
and this says nothing about the psychological benefits that would
come with not having your entire childhood wasted in government
buildings or your entire financial life crippled by student loans.

the new system

but like traffic jams and commutes, this nightmare can end tomorrow. 
we can usher in a free and new educational system quite literally in
6 months' time.  and we could do this by legally recognizing an
education is information, not how the information was acquired.
 meaning no employer, government, or corporation could
discriminate against how you got the information.  they could
only discriminate based on whether you had the adequate
information/education to do the job.  this would allow people to
educate themselves for free (aka - becoming "autodidacts")
in whatever manner they choose (likely the internet, but books, self
study, groups, etc.), liberating them from the corrupt, inefficient,
costly, and obsolete education system we have today.  and quite
literally overnight making us all $1 trillion a year richer and
saving every person born in america 6 years of unnecessary education.

in practice education as a right would require two things.  first,
congress and the states would have to pass laws recognizing that 


1) information is free, universal, and therefore everyone has a right
to it, 


and 


2) that information is the same regardless of how it was acquired

and

3) therefore discriminating against how that information was acquired
is a violation of that right.  


this would make education free to all of us as employers would no
longer be able to require a college degree as a condition of
employment.  it would require employers test for knowledge, aptitude,
or experience, not whether you have a degree. (or, if i could be so
bold to suggest that employers maybe train their own damn employees).
 


second, congress and the states would have to make make laws
requiring employers, trade groups, industries, and professions to
come up with tests that allow the self-educated to "test into
employment" much like the accounting profession has the cpa exam
or california has it's bar exam.  it would require each industry have
a certification system like the it profession has where people take
tests to get certified in different fields.  it would also require
governments have some kind of enforcement arm to make sure employers
are not giving preferential treatment to college graduates over the
self-educated (or vice versa).  but these costs would be a small
fraction of the nearly $700 billion we piss away on the current
system we have now.

finally, there is a compelling civil rights argument that the current
education system compared to this newly-proposed one unfairly
discriminates against minorities, women, and other disadvantaged
groups...because it quite literally does.  requiring the poor
or otherwise disadvantaged to acquire an employable education through
today's inefficient and costly education system, when technology
allows for an equal education to be acquired for free and in a much
shorter time, is denying them the ability to avail themselves of that
opportunity.  and in forcing all people to go through the inefficient
institutional system of education, regardless of the disparate impact
it has on the disadvantaged, is one of the rare-but-real forms of
institutional discrimination on minorities.  i am no scholar on
discrimination law or the civil rights act, but because of the time
and financial burden our current education system requires in order
to be qualified to work, minorities (as well as poor people in
general) are very much being discriminated against by today's
education system, as opposed to those who can afford to leisurely and luxuriously spend 20 years getting an employable education.

in the end the new system would simply be one where colleges and
universities (even some high schools) would be replaced with tests
and certifications no different than the ged, comptia, or cpa exams. 
four year $150,000 college degrees replaced with one-time $500 tests
in an afternoon.  and the veracity and employability of these
certifications would be enforced by the state and federal governments
through the recognition that education is a right, regardless of how
it was acquired, thereby making it illegal to discriminate against
how that education was acquired.  you technically don't even need the
federal government to do this.  a bold and caring (and likely "red")
state could do this for its citizens tomorrow.  or an ethical company
could realize just how immoral it is to require every young person
have 17 years of education, and offer training programs instead.  but
as said before, american employers and leaders are truly stupid
people.  and so it's likely going to require the force of law to make
any of this happen.

stupid americans who are going to get in the way

there are no words that can convey my complete and total hatred for
the people i am about to list below.  they have prevented me, you,
and the past three generations of americans from even achieving 30%
of our full potential.  they are unnecessary, self-serving, wasted
bureaucratic bloat, and some i would say are outright evil.  removing
these people from society (in terms of their profession, not their
lives...though there is the argument) would liberate us and the
american economy to produce easily 3 times the amount of gdp we do
today.  it would also liberate future generations of children from
wasting all of their youth in school, and instead allow the majority
of americans to be earning a living wage by the age of 16 and retire
at 58.  we are literally one law and one year of retooling away from
a dramatically better future where we are trillions of dollars better
off, wealthier, happier, and education is truly free.  and these
despicable people are absolutely going to get in the way of that.

first, those currently employed in the current education system are
going to be vehemently against making education free.  everyone from
special ed teachers in pre-k to tenured professors at our highest
ranked universities will be against this.  and the reason is simple -
99% of them will lose their jobs.

i personally have no pity for the system and the people who have
fleeced and impoverished three generations of americans selling them
information that should have been free just so they could have cushy,
9-months-per-year teaching jobs.  i have no pity for the k-12
teachers who failed to give american children one employable skill
after having them for 13 years.  i have no care for college staff who
enriched themselves by enslaving generations of americans with
student loans for worthless degrees.  and i have a particular contempt for all of them as
they've used the education system as a tool of government
brainwashing for socialism, not education.

these grievances aside, the case against those currently employed in
today's education system is much simpler - these people are obsolete.

just as the horse and buggy industry died out because technology
introduced the car, the internet has made most teachers obsolete. 
the system of congregating people in one area to audibly be informed
and instructed, has been replaced with firing up your phone in bed
and listening to the same lecture minus the bus ride, bullying,
school drama, $75,000 tuition bill, and sermons about men having
periods.  but to show you how much more these people care about
themselves than all of society, they will absolutely fight tooth and
nail to make sure the rest of society continues paying the
unnecessary $650 billion - $1.4 trillion (depending on how you want
to measure it) to keep the old system going because it's more
important they don't have to find new jobs, than allow society to
advance.  it would be no different than buggy makers preventing
the rest of the country to avail themselves of cars because they're
too damn lazy to retool and find a new profession.  those employed in
today's education system will gladly hold the country's progress
hostage so they can keep their pointless jobs.  some i guarantee will
even do so violently.

second and closely-related, employers.

employers love colleges and universities because it lessens, if not,
eliminates their training costs.  if you have ever heard "bachelors
required, masters preferred," or "hit the ground running"
or "steep learning curve," that is employer-speak for "we
aren't going to pay for any training."  this is not only unfair,
but highly inefficient. unfair because in requiring college degrees
employers offload their training expenses to the education industry
(those costs ultimately borne by the combination of students,
parents, non profits and the tax payers who all pool in to pay for
college degrees).  and horrendously inefficient because they require
people waste 4 years and $125,000 getting a degree for a job that in
all reality only requires 2 weeks and $1,200 in training.  


still, no matter how much employers claim to be about "work life
balance," they will gladly force generation after generation to
go into life-long debt to get college degrees as opposed to dropping
a few pennies on training programs.  worse, you'll find many
employers want their employees in debt because financially destitute
people make more loyal and lower-paid employees.

third, the democrat party.

though obviously the american democrat party will be against any
parring down or eliminating of the current education industry, this
goes for any of the major and minor left-leaning parties of western
nations.  the reason is very simple - this is where they get future
voters.  


this isn't conspiratorial.  this isn't an edgy take.  leftist parties
of the western world completely rely on their education systems to
pre-install socialist politics in children and certainly college
students so that they can groom future voters and stay in power.  and
in letting people educate themselves, they potentially lose this
voter farm, facing the same horror that keeps teachers and professors
awake at night - losing their election and have to get a real job

tragically (for the democrat party anyway) this proposal delivers
what they've long promised, but failed to deliver - a right to a free
education. but it does so by bypassing the education
system that the democrats (and lefter leaning parties globally) rely
on to get re-elected.  


here you may see some genuine and caring democrats rejoice in that
there is a real and viable way to make education free.  here you may
see a rare bit of bipartisanship where democrats and republicans come
together to make our lives markedly better.  and here democrats can
deliver on a promise to minorities and the poor to make their lives
tremendously and tangibly better.

but the vast majority won't.  and the reason why is the same reason
why teachers, professors, employers, and college administrators are
going to be against a free education - because it's more important
they keep their jobs than advance society.  it's more important
they stay in power than help the people who voted for them.  it will
be fun to see what reason and rationale the left comes up with to be
against a bill that would make education a right, but i
eagerly look forward to it anyway.

and then finally, hr.  


i've never understood why hr has to power-trip over those who are
unemployed and less fortunate than they are.  i don't know why hr has
impoverished, indebted, and financially crippled generations of young
americans requiring progressively more and more education for jobs
that could be done by 8th graders.  and i don't see the incentive,
reason, or motive for hr to be the insufferable, power-tripping
bitches (men included) that they are.

i guess i just don't understand evil.  


and because i don't understand evil, i guess i won't know why the hr
profession will be against people having a right to a free
education...but i know they will be.

thankfully, however, "becky" in "human resources"
will be powerless to stop it if education as a right is passed into
law. karen and her coven of hr witches "professionals" will no
longer be able to prevent people from advancing in their careers by
requiring absurd amounts of education...or by simply not liking your
shoes.  and though becky and the hr profession will raise
hell at the prospect of taking away their little fiefdoms, they are
thankfully the least powerful of all the groups who will stand in the
way of the nation's progress. still, they are going to raise a stink about people having a right to a free education if it denies their ability to power trip over job applicants.  but once again we see the common thread that unites all these evil people - it's more important they keep their power than the rest of society advance.

this isn't going to happen

i'd like to say, "tomorrow, literally tomorrow, we could make
education free in america and provide the legal frame work by which
other countries could do the same."  i'd like to see kids
enjoying their childhoods instead of being sequestered in government
buildings for 13 years.  i'd like to see young people being able to
educate themselves for free, and being able to earn a living wage at18.  and i'd like to see a country that has no debts, no deficit, no
student loans, double the economic growth, and double the standards
of living.  but i don't think you, me, or anyone else is going to see
this dream come true.  and the reason why isn't because of the
predictable resistance we'll see from teachers, democrats, boomer
bosses, or becky's, as much as it will be the american ignorance that
has become endemic in our cultural psyche.

for whatever reason americans are addicted to the status quo.  they
demand better, but will only accept better if it requires no work or
change of behavior on their part.  and even if a road map is clearly
drawn for them to a better world, if it requires changing their
behavior or even something as simple as thinking differently, they
won't do it.  they will remain the sheep they are, remaining in a
world they claim not to like, because intellectual laziness and sloth
is more comforting than change.  


that being said, i really hate the beckys.  and i will forever hate
the teachers who took my childhood away from me.  i am certainly no
fan of the democrats.  and i loathe the baby boomer bosses who forced
me and now three generations of americas to commute unnecessarily
these past 20 years.  and while i am not optimistic about the chances
of making free education a right (and the wonderful world that would
usher in), nothing would make me happier than to see these people
rendered obsolete...and forced to get jobs like the rest of us. 
therefore,  i would still kindly ask you to contact your congressman,
contact your state legislator and see if we as americans can't make
this happen in our lifetimes.  take the 3 minutes to send this
article to your representative, or just explain the concept of
education being a right, and therefore discriminating against how one
acquired said education is a violation of that right, and we can get
those few politicians who actually care about americans to make this
idea a reality._____________________find more of aaron's stuff below:asshole consultingbooksyoutube channelcourses on getting your financial shit together






posted by



captain capitalism




at

9:11 am



4 comments:
  





























wednesday, march 15, 2023







the case for iq based segregation - by tj martinell





tj as you know is a colleague of mine and he asked if i would post his thoughts, inspired in part by my book "curse of the high iq" (and no doubt inspired in part by his intellect).  i have not read it yet so don't come complaining to me if you don't like it.  i'm just assuming the guy's smart enough that i can rely on him to write a good piece.
the case for iq-based segregation 

in the dystopian
short story harrison bergeron, one of the ways the tyrannical
government maintains equality is by interfering with the brains of
those more intelligent. they continually receive shocks to the brain
that prevent extended train of thought. the reason: if intelligent
people could think for long enough, they could achieve more than
those less intelligent, and that would make society “unequal.” 

in effect, equality
meant dumbing down the smart to the lowest common denominator. 

it’s a notion i’ve
thought about ever since i put down aaron clarey’s curse of the
high iq, which i finally got around to read. there are a lot of
things that could be said about the book, but i’d like to focus
specifically on the role intelligence plays in social relations. 

simply put,
significant iq differences amounts to an impenetrable barrier between
the high iq and ordinary people. things that an intelligent person
takes for granted and assumes everyone else recognizes is beyond the
comprehension of most. 

however, rather than
recognize this and structure society accordingly, we subscribe to the
idiotic notion that everyone is the same, that everyone is tabula
rasa – a blank slate with equal potential for achievement.
thus, intelligence is not accounted for, at least honestly, in how we
arrange institutions. 

a high iq boy does
not belong in the same classroom as ordinary kids. he does not belong
in the same higher education system as ordinary young adults. he does
not belong in the same groups in which he is treated as a peer to
someone a standard deviation below his iq. he does not belong in the
same workplace environment as people less capable as he. he does not
belong in the same dating pool as those who can’t process the
notion of long-term thinking and low time preference, as he is
looking for a woman almost a separate breed compared to those sought
out by men who, like in harrison bergeron, can’t hold a
thought for more than a few seconds. 

trying to force the
smart to integrate with the dumb is cruel for all parties involved.
the high iq person is frustrated and emotionally drained trying to
interact with someone unable to comprehend seemingly basic concepts,
while the midwits are humiliated and embarrassed by having someone
actively having to dumb themselves down just to communicate with
them. it’s on par with forcing special olympic athletes to join the
regular olympics and getting angry when the normal sprinter outruns
the special needs man in the 100-meter dash by 15 seconds and insists
he go slower to not humiliate a mentally retarded competitor. 

in a saner world,
people with high iqs would be identified as early as possible and
separated from others in environments where intelligence is an
important factor. like an intellectual aristocracy, they would be
raised with the understanding that they are different, that these
differences do not confer moral judgement either way, and that the
best solution is for them to associate with others of similar
intelligence in most settings. 

the problem, as
clarey points out, is that our society is not tailored for the
intelligent, but the midwit. virtually all mainstream spaces cater to
the median intelligence or low iq individuals. to be sure, there are
opportunities to mingle with people of similar iqs, but the events
and venues are often expensive or more exclusive in nature. in a
world that sees discrimination of any kind as evil, the only way to
maintain boundaries is through prices or secrecy, i.e. an invite-only
cigar lounge. 

the challenge with
this is that while intelligence and wealth have some correlation,
they’re not intertwined. a high iq boy from a poor family will not
have access to these amenities in the same way a midwit from a trust
fund family will. this is in part how so many institutions lose their
prestige by admitting people based on wealth, rather than ability.
they get dominated by arrogant midwits who think they’re entitled
to things by virtue of merely existing. 

in a sane world, the
solution to the problem is segregation by intelligence, with spaces
reserved only for the high iq so that they can have meaningful,
fulfilling social lives around those like them, just as median iq
people are more capable today of forming relationships because they
have opportunities to meet like-minded people. 

but, we don’t live
in a sane world and that’s not likely to change. in an age when
people suffering online censorship have been told to “build your
own platforms,” it would do well for the high iq to accept that if
they want a space to belong in, they’ll have to create it
themselves. i’m thinking not only in terms of what is practical,
but in an actual sense, rather than formal manner. 

for example, if you
wanted to create a male-only gym, you don’t put up a sign that says
so and make it official. you simply make the aesthetics appealing to
masculine men and unfriendly to the yoga pants wearers. you play
1980s heavy metal, have darker, greyer color paint on the walls, lots
of bodybuilding equipment, and posters of related stuff that appeals
to gym rats. you’re not explicitly denying women entry, but they
will naturally go elsewhere since they can’t change these things
because they don’t control it. if there are women there, they will
be few in number and intuitively grasp that they have to adhere to
masculine norms, because the gym isn’t there for them. 

in contrast, setting
up a “men only” sign and actively trying to kick women out will
accomplish nothing but a lawsuit and negative media publicity. 

the same applies to
iq-based segregation. a high iq space needs the aesthetics, décor,
and environment that caters to people with greater capacity for
thought, sophistication, and finer preferences. it filters out by
intelligence, not income or purchasing power. it’s a space that
feels inviting for the smart, not those who think they’re
smart. 

while it doesn’t
have to be hostile toward the average person, they should
instinctively and unconsciously sense that it’s not an appropriate
place for them or does not appeal to their tastes. and because they
have no say and there are no actual rules discriminating against
lower iq people like themselves, there’s nothing they can do but
leave.   

how high iq spaces
are created and what that space looks like precisely is an aside. the
gist is that smart people need to have their own places and
experience a sense of belonging by being in close proximity with
others who speak the same language, i.e. intelligence. further, these
spaces adhere to the standards and norms of the highly intelligent,
rather than placating those with a 90 iq. most importantly, they need
to be able to keep out people whose presence there is inappropriate
by nature of their iq, someone who if allowed to remain will
undermine the standards and norms for that space to accommodate them.

we need to abandon
the notion of egalitarianism and equality by recognizing the harm
it’s caused to pretty much everyone and the unnecessary conflicts
that result from it. among the worst aspects of it, is that it
creates unrealistic expectations for the dumb and conceals from the
intelligent the options at their disposal. the other issue is that
the mere presence of high iq people provokes insecurity and envy
among malicious halfwits and midwits, who then seek to sabotage the
lives of the high iq. by separating them, these feuds are avoided.
critics will say
this is elitist, and all i can say is that they’re right. we’re
not pretending that halfwits are equal to that of someone with a 130
iq or should be treated the same any more than we treat those who can
run a 4:15 minute mile the same as a 300 lbs. defensive lineman. the
difference between segregation and what we have now is that currently
the halfwits and midwits get to project and impose their standards
and preferences onto people more intelligent than they and whose only
desire is to fully realize their own potential. 

 this won’t cure
the curse of a high iq, but it will alleviate some of the worst
aspects. 







posted by



captain capitalism




at

9:14 pm



no comments:
  





























friday, february 17, 2023







vladimir putin's speech





below is a speech that was given by vladimir putin to the russian legislature.  i had to post it here for reference as i received a request to give my opinion on this speech, but the speech was inaccessible from western computers/internet.  i have no allegiance or opinion on russia, ukraine, putin, etc., but i do have an opinion on the freedom of speech in america.  the fact this speech was obstructed to get to and read is proof america and some americans are against free speech.  it is also an insult to americans that we need to be protected against foreign thoughts or propaganda on account we are not able to make our own decisions.  again, i do not support nor do i condemn putin.  but a mighty fuck you to the people who decided for me that neither i nor anyone else should be able to have access to this speech.  you are no different a dictator than those you criticize.president
 of russia vladimir putin: citizens of russia, citizens of the donetsk 
and lugansk people’s republics, residents of the zaporozhye and kherson 
regions, deputies of the state duma, senators of the russian federation,
 


as you know, referendums have been held in the donetsk and lugansk 
people’s republics and the zaporozhye and kherson regions. the ballots 
have been counted and the results have been announced. the people have 
made their unequivocal choice.


today we will sign treaties on the accession of the donetsk 
people’s republic, lugansk people’s republic, zaporozhye region and 
kherson region to the russian federation. i have no doubt that the 
federal assembly will support the constitutional laws on the accession 
to russia and the establishment of four new regions, our new constituent
 entities of the russian federation, because this is the will of 
millions of people. (applause.)


it is undoubtedly their right, an inherent right sealed in article 1
 of the un charter, which directly states the principle of equal rights 
and self-determination of peoples.


i repeat, it is an inherent right of the people. it is based on our
 historical affinity, and it is that right that led generations of our 
predecessors, those who built and defended russia for centuries since 
the period of ancient rus, to victory.


here in novorossiya, [pyotr] rumyantsev, [alexander] suvorov and 
[fyodor] ushakov fought their battles, and catherine the great and 
[grigory] potyomkin founded new cities. our grandfathers and 
great-grandfathers fought here to the bitter end during the great 
patriotic war.


we will always remember the heroes of the russian spring, those who
 refused to accept the neo-nazi coup d'état in ukraine in 2014, all 
those who died for the right to speak their native language, to preserve
 their culture, traditions and religion, and for the very right to live.
 we remember the soldiers of donbass, the martyrs of the “odessa 
khatyn,” the victims of inhuman terrorist attacks carried out by the 
kiev regime. we commemorate volunteers and militiamen, civilians, 
children, women, senior citizens, russians, ukrainians, people of 
various nationalities; popular leader of donetsk alexander zakharchenko;
 military commanders arsen pavlov and vladimir zhoga, olga kachura and 
alexei mozgovoy; prosecutor of the lugansk republic sergei gorenko; 
paratrooper nurmagomed gadzhimagomedov and all our soldiers and officers
 who died a hero’s death during the special military operation. they are
 heroes. (applause.) heroes of great russia. please join me in a minute 
of silence to honour their memory.


(minute of silence.)


thank you.


behind the choice of millions of residents in the donetsk and 
lugansk people's republics, in the zaporozhye and kherson regions, is 
our common destiny and thousand-year history. people have passed this 
spiritual connection on to their children and grandchildren. despite all
 the trials they endured, they carried the love for russia through the 
years. this is something no one can destroy. that is why both older 
generations and young people – those who were born after the tragic 
collapse of the soviet union – have voted for our unity, for our common 
future.


in 1991 in belovezhskaya pushcha, representatives of the party 
elite of that time made a decision to terminate the soviet union, 
without asking ordinary citizens what they wanted, and people suddenly 
found themselves cut off from their homeland. this tore apart and 
dismembered our national community and triggered a national catastrophe.
 just like the government quietly demarcated the borders of soviet 
republics, acting behind the scenes after the 1917 revolution, the last 
leaders of the soviet union, contrary to the direct expression of the 
will of the majority of people in the referendum of 1991, destroyed our 
great country, and simply made the people in the former republics face 
this as an accomplished fact.


i can admit that they didn’t even know what they were doing and 
what consequences their actions would have in the end. but it doesn't 
matter now. there is no soviet union anymore; we cannot return to the 
past. actually, russia no longer needs it today; this isn’t our 
ambition. but there is nothing stronger than the determination of 
millions of people who, by their culture, religion, traditions, and 
language, consider themselves part of russia, whose ancestors lived in a
 single country for centuries. there is nothing stronger than their 
determination to return to their true historical homeland.


for eight long years, people in donbass were subjected to genocide,
 shelling and blockades; in kherson and zaporozhye, a criminal policy 
was pursued to cultivate hatred for russia, for everything russian. now 
too, during the referendums, the kiev regime threatened schoolteachers, 
women who worked in election commissions with reprisals and death. kiev 
threatened millions of people who came to express their will with 
repression. but the people of donbass, zaporozhye and kherson weren’t 
broken, and they had their say.


i want the kiev authorities and their true handlers in the west to 
hear me now, and i want everyone to remember this: the people living in 
lugansk and donetsk, in kherson and zaporozhye have become our citizens,
 forever. (applause.)


we call on the kiev regime to immediately cease fire and all 
hostilities; to end the war it unleashed back in 2014 and return to the 
negotiating table. we are ready for this, as we have said more than 
once. but the choice of the people in donetsk, lugansk, zaporozhye and 
kherson will not be discussed. the decision has been made, and russia 
will not betray it. (applause.) kiev’s current authorities should 
respect this free expression of the people’s will; there is no other 
way. this is the only way to peace.


we will defend our land with all the forces and resources we have, 
and we will do everything we can to ensure the safety of our people. 
this is the great liberating mission of our nation.


we will definitely rebuild the destroyed cities and towns, the 
residential buildings, schools, hospitals, theatres and museums. we will
 restore and develop industrial enterprises, factories, infrastructure, 
as well as the social security, pension, healthcare and education 
systems.


we will certainly work to improve the level of security. together 
we will make sure that citizens in the new regions can feel the support 
of all the people of russia, of the entire nation, all the republics, 
territories and regions of our vast motherland. (applause.)


friends, colleagues,


today i would like to address our soldiers and officers who are 
taking part in the special military operation, the fighters of donbass 
and novorossiya, those who went to military recruitment offices after 
receiving a call-up paper under the executive order on partial 
mobilisation, and those who did this voluntarily, answering the call of 
their hearts. i would like to address their parents, wives and children,
 to tell them what our people are fighting for, what kind of enemy we 
are up against, and who is pushing the world into new wars and crises 
and deriving blood-stained benefits from this tragedy.


our compatriots, our brothers and sisters in ukraine who are part 
of our united people have seen with their own eyes what the ruling class
 of the so-called west have prepared for humanity as a whole. they have 
dropped their masks and shown what they are really made of.


when the soviet union collapsed, the west decided that the world 
and all of us would permanently accede to its dictates. in 1991, the 
west thought that russia would never rise after such shocks and would 
fall to pieces on its own. this almost happened. we remember the 
horrible 1990s, hungry, cold and hopeless. but russia remained standing,
 came alive, grew stronger and occupied its rightful place in the world.


meanwhile, the west continued and continues looking for another 
chance to strike a blow at us, to weaken and break up russia, which they
 have always dreamed about, to divide our state and set our peoples 
against each other, and to condemn them to poverty and extinction. they 
cannot rest easy knowing that there is such a great country with this 
huge territory in the world, with its natural wealth, resources and 
people who cannot and will not do someone else’s bidding.


the west is ready to cross every line to preserve the neo-colonial 
system which allows it to live off the world, to plunder it thanks to 
the domination of the dollar and technology, to collect an actual 
tribute from humanity, to extract its primary source of unearned 
prosperity, the rent paid to the hegemon. the preservation of this 
annuity is their main, real and absolutely self-serving motivation. this
 is why total de-sovereignisation is in their interest. this explains 
their aggression towards independent states, traditional values and 
authentic cultures, their attempts to undermine international and 
integration processes, new global currencies and technological 
development centres they cannot control. it is critically important for 
them to force all countries to surrender their sovereignty to the united
 states.


in certain countries, the ruling elites voluntarily agree to do 
this, voluntarily agree to become vassals; others are bribed or 
intimidated. and if this does not work, they destroy entire states, 
leaving behind humanitarian disasters, devastation, ruins, millions of 
wrecked and mangled human lives, terrorist enclaves, social disaster 
zones, protectorates, colonies and semi-colonies. they don't care. all 
they care about is their own benefit.


i want to underscore again that their insatiability and 
determination to preserve their unfettered dominance are the real causes
 of the hybrid war that the collective west is waging against russia. 
they do not want us to be free; they want us to be a colony. they do not
 want equal cooperation; they want to loot. they do not want to see us a
 free society, but a mass of soulless slaves.


they see our thought and our philosophy as a direct threat. that is
 why they target our philosophers for assassination. our culture and art
 present a danger to them, so they are trying to ban them. our 
development and prosperity are also a threat to them because competition
 is growing. they do not want or need russia, but we do. (applause.)


i would like to remind you that in the past, ambitions of world 
domination have repeatedly shattered against the courage and resilience 
of our people. russia will always be russia. we will continue to defend 
our values and our motherland.


the west is counting on impunity, on being able to get away with 
anything. as a matter of fact, this was actually the case until 
recently. strategic security agreements have been trashed; agreements 
reached at the highest political level have been declared tall tales; 
firm promises not to expand nato to the east gave way to dirty deception
 as soon as our former leaders bought into them; missile defence, 
intermediate-range and shorter-range missile treaties have been 
unilaterally dismantled under far-fetched pretexts.


and all we hear is, the west is insisting on a rules-based order. 
where did that come from anyway? who has ever seen these rules? who 
agreed or approved them? listen, this is just a lot of nonsense, utter 
deceit, double standards, or even triple standards! they must think 
we’re stupid.


russia is a great thousand-year-old power, a whole civilisation, 
and it is not going to live by such makeshift, false rules. (applause.)


it was the so-called west that trampled on the principle of the 
inviolability of borders, and now it is deciding, at its own discretion,
 who has the right to self-determination and who does not, who is 
unworthy of it. it is unclear what their decisions are based on or who 
gave them the right to decide in the first place. they just assumed it.


that is why the choice of the people in crimea, sevastopol, 
donetsk, lugansk, zaporozhye and kherson makes them so furiously angry. 
the west does not have any moral right to weigh in, or even utter a word
 about freedom of democracy. it does not and it never did.


western elites not only deny national sovereignty and international
 law. their hegemony has pronounced features of totalitarianism, 
despotism and apartheid. they brazenly divide the world into their 
vassals – the so-called civilised countries – and all the rest, who, 
according to the designs of today's western racists, should be added to 
the list of barbarians and savages. false labels like “rogue country” or
 “authoritarian regime” are already available, and are used to 
stigmatise entire nations and states, which is nothing new. there is 
nothing new in this: deep down, the western elites have remained the 
same colonisers. they discriminate and divide peoples into the top tier 
and the rest.


we have never agreed to and will never agree to such political 
nationalism and racism. what else, if not racism, is the russophobia 
being spread around the world? what, if not racism, is the west’s 
dogmatic conviction that its civilisation and neoliberal culture is an 
indisputable model for the entire world to follow? “you’re either with 
us or against us.” it even sounds strange.


western elites are even shifting repentance for their own 
historical crimes on everyone else, demanding that the citizens of their
 countries and other peoples confess to things they have nothing to do 
with at all, for example, the period of colonial conquests.


it is worth reminding the west that it began its colonial policy 
back in the middle ages, followed by the worldwide slave trade, the 
genocide of indian tribes in america, the plunder of india and africa, 
the wars of england and france against china, as a result of which it 
was forced to open its ports to the opium trade. what they did was get 
entire nations hooked on drugs and purposefully exterminated entire 
ethnic groups for the sake of grabbing land and resources, hunting 
people like animals. this is contrary to human nature, truth, freedom 
and justice.


while we – we are proud that in the 20th century our country led 
the anti-colonial movement, which opened up opportunities for many 
peoples around the world to make progress, reduce poverty and 
inequality, and defeat hunger and disease.


to emphasise, one of the reasons for the centuries-old russophobia,
 the western elites’ unconcealed animosity toward russia is precisely 
the fact that we did not allow them to rob us during the period of 
colonial conquests and forced the europeans to trade with us on mutually
 beneficial terms. this was achieved by creating a strong centralised 
state in russia, which grew and got stronger based on the great moral 
values​​of orthodox christianity, islam, judaism and buddhism, as well 
as russian culture and the russian word that were open to all.


there were numerous plans to invade russia. such attempts were made
 during the time of troubles in the 17th century and in the period of 
ordeals after the 1917 revolution. all of them failed. the west managed 
to grab hold of russia’s wealth only in the late 20th century, when the 
state had been destroyed. they called us friends and partners, but they 
treated us like a colony, using various schemes to pump trillions of 
dollars out of the country. we remember. we have not forgotten anything.


a few days ago, people in donetsk and lugansk, kherson and 
zaporozhye declared their support for restoring our historical unity. 
thank you! (applause.)


western countries have been saying for centuries that they bring 
freedom and democracy to other nations. nothing could be further from 
the truth. instead of bringing democracy they suppressed and exploited, 
and instead of giving freedom they enslaved and oppressed. the unipolar 
world is inherently anti-democratic and unfree; it is false and 
hypocritical through and through.


the united states is the only country in the world that has used 
nuclear weapons twice, destroying the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki 
in japan. and they created a precedent.


recall that during wwii the united states and britain reduced 
dresden, hamburg, cologne and many other german cities to rubble, 
without the least military necessity. it was done ostentatiously and, to
 repeat, without any military necessity. they had only one goal, as with
 the nuclear bombing of japanese cities: to intimidate our country and 
the rest of the world.


the united states left a deep scar in the memory of the people of 
korea and vietnam with their carpet bombings and use of napalm and 
chemical weapons.


it actually continues to occupy germany, japan, the republic of 
korea and other countries, which they cynically refer to as equals and 
allies. look now, what kind of alliance is that? the whole world knows 
that the top officials in these countries are being spied on and that 
their offices and homes are bugged. it is a disgrace, a disgrace for 
those who do this and for those who, like slaves, silently and meekly 
swallow this arrogant behaviour.


they call the orders and threats they make to their vassals 
euro-atlantic solidarity, and the creation of biological weapons and the
 use of human test subjects, including in ukraine, noble medical 
research.


it is their destructive policies, wars and plunder that have 
unleashed today’s massive wave of migrants. millions of people endure 
hardships and humiliation or die by the thousands trying to reach 
europe.


they are exporting grain from ukraine now. where are they taking it
 under the guise of ensuring the food security of the poorest countries?
 where is it going? they are taking it to the self-same european 
countries. only five percent has been delivered to the poorest 
countries. more cheating and naked deception again.


in effect, the american elite is using the tragedy of these people 
to weaken its rivals, to destroy nation states. this goes for europe and
 for the identities of france, italy, spain and other countries with 
centuries-long histories.


washington demands more and more sanctions against russia and the 
majority of european politicians obediently go along with it. they 
clearly understand that by pressuring the eu to completely give up 
russian energy and other resources, the united states is practically 
pushing europe toward deindustrialisation in a bid to get its hands on 
the entire european market. these european elites understand everything –
 they do, but they prefer to serve the interests of others. this is no 
longer servility but direct betrayal of their own peoples. god bless, it
 is up to them.


but the anglo-saxons believe sanctions are no longer enough and now
 they have turned to subversion. it seems incredible but it is a fact – 
by causing explosions on nord stream’s international gas pipelines 
passing along the bottom of the baltic sea, they have actually embarked 
on the destruction of europe’s entire energy infrastructure. it is clear
 to everyone who stands to gain. those who benefit are responsible, of 
course.


the dictates of the us are backed up by crude force, on the law of 
the fist. sometimes it is beautifully wrapped sometimes there is no 
wrapping at all but the gist is the same – the law of the fist. hence, 
the deployment and maintenance of hundreds of military bases in all 
corners of the world, nato expansion, and attempts to cobble together 
new military alliances, such as aukus and the like. much is being done 
to create a washington-seoul-tokyo military-political chain. all states 
that possess or aspire to genuine strategic sovereignty and are capable 
of challenging western hegemony, are automatically declared enemies.


these are the principles that underlie us and nato military 
doctrines that require total domination. western elites are presenting 
their neocolonialist plans with the same hypocrisy, claiming peaceful 
intentions, talking about some kind of deterrence. this evasive word 
migrates from one strategy to another but really only means one thing – 
undermining any and all sovereign centres of power.


we have already heard about the deterrence of russia, china and 
iran. i believe next in line are other countries of asia, latin america,
 africa and the middle east, as well as current us partners and allies. 
after all, we know that when they are displeased, they introduce 
sanctions against their allies as well – against this or that bank or 
company. this is their practice and they will expand it. they have 
everything in their sights, including our next-door neighbours – the cis
 countries.


at the same time, the west has clearly been engaged in wishful 
thinking for a long time. in launching the sanctions blitzkrieg against 
russia, for example, they thought that they could once again line up the
 whole world at their command. as it turns out, however, such a bright 
prospect does not excite everyone – other than complete political 
masochists and admirers of other unconventional forms of international 
relations. most states refuse to ”snap a salute“ and instead choose the 
sensible path of cooperation with russia.


the west clearly did not expect such insubordination. they simply 
got used to acting according to a template, to grab whatever they 
please, by blackmail, bribery, intimidation, and convinced themselves 
that these methods would work forever, as if they had fossilised in the 
past.


such self-confidence is a direct product not only of the notorious 
concept of exceptionalism – although it never ceases to amaze – but also
 of the real ”information hunger“ in the west. the truth has been 
drowned in an ocean of myths, illusions and fakes, using extremely 
aggressive propaganda, lying like goebbels. the more unbelievable the 
lie, the quicker people will believe it – that is how they operate, 
according to this principle.


but people cannot be fed with printed dollars and euros. you can't 
feed them with those pieces of paper, and the virtual, inflated 
capitalisation of western social media companies can't heat their homes.
 everything i am saying is important. and what i just said is no less 
so: you can't feed anyone with paper – you need food; and you can't heat
 anyone’s home with these inflated capitalisations – you need energy.


that is why politicians in europe have to convince their fellow 
citizens to eat less, take a shower less often and dress warmer at home.
 and those who start asking fair questions like “why is that, in fact?” 
are immediately declared enemies, extremists and radicals. they point 
back at russia and say: that is the source of all your troubles. more 
lies.


i want to make special note of the fact that there is every reason 
to believe that the western elites are not going to look for 
constructive ways out of the global food and energy crisis that they and
 they alone are to blame for, as a result of their long-term policy, 
dating back long before our special military operation in ukraine, in 
donbass. they have no intention of solving the problems of injustice and
 inequality. i am afraid they would rather use other formulas they are 
more comfortable with.


and here it is important to recall that the west bailed itself out 
of its early 20th century challenges with world war i. profits from 
world war ii helped the united states finally overcome the great 
depression and become the largest economy in the world, and to impose on
 the planet the power of the dollar as a global reserve currency. and 
the 1980s crisis – things came to a head in the 1980s again – the west 
emerged from it unscathed largely by appropriating the inheritance and 
resources of the collapsed and defunct soviet union. that's a fact.


now, in order to free itself from the latest web of challenges, 
they need to dismantle russia as well as other states that choose a 
sovereign path of development, at all costs, to be able to further 
plunder other nations’ wealth and use it to patch their own holes. if 
this does not happen, i cannot rule out that they will try to trigger a 
collapse of the entire system, and blame everything on that, or, god 
forbid, decide to use the old formula of economic growth through war.


russia is aware of its responsibility to the international 
community and will make every effort to ensure that cooler heads 
prevail.


the current neocolonial model is ultimately doomed; this much is 
obvious. but i repeat that its real masters will cling to it to the end.
 they simply have nothing to offer the world except to maintain the same
 system of plundering and racketeering.


they do not give a damn about the natural right of billions of 
people, the majority of humanity, to freedom and justice, the right to 
determine their own future. they have already moved on to the radical 
denial of moral, religious, and family values.


let’s answer some very simple questions for ourselves. now i would 
like to return to what i said and want to address also all citizens of 
the country – not just the colleagues that are in the hall – but all 
citizens of russia: do we want to have here, in our country, in russia, 
“parent number one, parent number two and parent number three” (they 
have completely lost it!) instead of mother and father? do we want our 
schools to impose on our children, from their earliest days in school, 
perversions that lead to degradation and extinction? do we want to drum 
into their heads the ideas that certain other genders exist along with 
women and men and to offer them gender reassignment surgery? is that 
what we want for our country and our children? this is all unacceptable 
to us. we have a different future of our own.


let me repeat that the dictatorship of the western elites targets 
all societies, including the citizens of western countries themselves. 
this is a challenge to all. this complete renunciation of what it means 
to be human, the overthrow of faith and traditional values, and the 
suppression of freedom are coming to resemble a “religion in reverse” – 
pure satanism. exposing false messiahs, jesus christ said in the sermon 
on the mount: “by their fruits ye shall know them.” these poisonous 
fruits are already obvious to people, and not only in our country but 
also in all countries, including many people in the west itself.


the world has entered a period of a fundamental, revolutionary 
transformation. new centres of power are emerging. they represent the 
majority – the majority! – of the international community. they are 
ready not only to declare their interests but also to protect them. they
 see in multipolarity an opportunity to strengthen their sovereignty, 
which means gaining genuine freedom, historical prospects, and the right
 to their own independent, creative and distinctive forms of 
development, to a harmonious process.


as i have already said, we have many like-minded people in europe 
and the united states, and we feel and see their support. an essentially
 emancipatory, anti-colonial movement against unipolar hegemony is 
taking shape in the most diverse countries and societies. its power will
 only grow with time. it is this force that will determine our future 
geopolitical reality.


friends,


today, we are fighting for a just and free path, first of all for 
ourselves, for russia, in order to leave dictate and despotism in the 
past. i am convinced that countries and peoples understand that a policy
 based on the exceptionalism of whoever it may be and the suppression of
 other cultures and peoples is inherently criminal, and that we must 
close this shameful chapter. the ongoing collapse of western hegemony is
 irreversible. and i repeat: things will never be the same.


the battlefield to which destiny and history have called us is a 
battlefield for our people, for the great historical russia. (applause.)
 for the great historical russia, for future generations, our children, 
grandchildren and great-grandchildren. we must protect them against 
enslavement and monstrous experiments that are designed to cripple their
 minds and souls.


today, we are fighting so that it would never occur to anyone that 
russia, our people, our language, or our culture can be erased from 
history. today, we need a consolidated society, and this consolidation 
can only be based on sovereignty, freedom, creation, and justice. our 
values ​​are humanity, mercy and compassion.


and i want to close with the words of a true patriot ivan ilyin: 
“if i consider russia my motherland, that means that i love as a 
russian, contemplate and think, sing and speak as a russian; that i 
believe in the spiritual strength of the russian people. its spirit is 
my spirit; its destiny is my destiny; its suffering is my grief; and its
 prosperity is my joy.”


behind these words stands a glorious spiritual choice, which, for 
more than a thousand years of russian statehood, was followed by many 
generations of our ancestors. today, we are making this choice; the 
citizens of the donetsk and lugansk people's republics and the residents
 of the zaporozhye and kherson regions have made this choice. they made 
the choice to be with their people, to be with their motherland, to 
share in its destiny, and to be victorious together with it.

the truth is with us, and behind us is russia!







posted by



captain capitalism




at

1:16 pm



no comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




















































































































about me





captain capitalism


son of a preacher man.  the only one who probably ever could reach you.

captcapitalism@yahoo.com

view my complete profile

















frustrated economists of the world - unite!





shows and podcasts










geek out with the bechtloff













financial survival network













pushing rubber podcast













podcast - small scale life













canto talk













hustler's kung fu













the men's advocate show w/linda gross













the safety doc podcast













the 405 media













engineered truth
 - youtube













the tom leykis show













the oshay vlogcast













obsidian radio











comics










mercworks













terminal lance - home













day by day cartoon by chris muir











the captain's lieutenants!










ninety miles from tyranny




quick hits of wisdom, knowledge and snark #2320



7 minutes ago












balladeer's blog




vice presidents: a presidents day weekend look at history’s second bananas



36 minutes ago












iotw report




america doesn’t have enough elevators



37 minutes ago












muskegonpundit




sean mcmeekin: don't whitewash the history of communism



1 hour ago












moonbattery




celebrate intersectional oppression on soulace day



1 hour ago












le·gal in·sur·rec·tion




lawfare might slow trump down, but it won’t stop him — legal insurrection 
podcast: episode 23



1 hour ago












theo spark




clock is ticking.................



2 hours ago












my view by silvio canto, jr.




happy # 77 ron cey



4 hours ago












clarissa's blog




the egg drama



13 hours ago












rural revolution




our valentine's day surprise



14 hours ago












the college fix




embry-riddle bans discussions of how many genders there are in outdoor 
spaces



17 hours ago












bayou renaissance man




happy valentine's day to all you lovers!



23 hours ago












wintery knight




new study: break-ups are harder for men than for women



1 day ago












shot in the dark




game of crones



1 day ago












doug ross @ journal




larwyn’s linx: the democrat’s greatest lie: pretending fraud and waste 
doesn't exist



1 day ago












adventures in keeping house




happy valentine's day everyone



1 day ago












offsetting behaviour




maybe allow competition?



1 day ago












irons in the fire




no, i didn't know about that gunman,



1 day ago












the economic collapse




14 shocking facts about the student loan debt bubble and the great college 
education scam



1 day ago












adam piggott – author




it’s all so tiresome



2 days ago












seth hymes




19 years old, full time digital marketer (& real estate investor!)



2 days ago












blog | mike rowe




darrell lester—the eight letter f word (ep. 425)



2 days ago












borepatch




the reason that your iphone updated its code last night



2 days ago












the blackdragon blog




labels really don’t matter anymore



4 days ago












neanderpundit




chucky



1 week ago












house of eratosthenes




our national conversation



2 weeks ago












snarkolepsy




what are we even doing as a country?



2 months ago












very dumb government




dealing with the truth



2 months ago












rationalmale.wordpress.com/




mate switching hypothesis is cope



6 months ago












instapundit




flashback: retired wnba player reveals she was bullied for being straight. 
“wiggins, a four-time all



7 months ago












law of markets




an economic philosopher of the highest rank



1 year ago












kennblanchard.com




book: how not to go to hell after spending your life in church



1 year ago












matt forney




new at matt forney’s electric camel: “the voices in your head: phil hendrie 
and the death of talk radio, part 2”



1 year ago












roosh v




10 ways city dwellers alleviate secular guilt



1 year ago












cdr salamander




breaking my flag



1 year ago












somewhat reasonable




big tech’s fake ‘green energy’ pr push – to paper over their obnoxiousness



2 years ago












maggie's farm




holiday season: what is a pudding?



2 years ago












davidthompson




as good as a rest, they said



2 years ago












robert bruce




hello world!



2 years ago












arcopix – seo agency




why is local seo important for healthcare services in hong kong?



2 years ago












shall not be questioned




the new resistance to the 2a



2 years ago












joanne jacobs




‘every weld is a challenge’



2 years ago












the smallest minority




sorry, i neglected to do this



2 years ago












negromanosphere.com




hello world!



2 years ago












vox popoli




a new legend



3 years ago












catallaxy files







3 years ago












in the middle of  the right




migration complete



4 years ago












andy hoffman




the ecstasy and the agony of market bubbles



4 years ago












masculine books - the definitive library for modern men




can’t hurt me by david goggins



4 years ago












blazing cat fur
















show 5




show all
























































































































































bloggers without rss feeds










davidthompson













1st feline battalion













sayuncle













average married dad













jose l romero













fort russ













ed driscoll













a magazine of american culture | chronicles magazine













vdare.com













the deets













five feet of fury













minding the campus













american digest













off the grid living











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2025

(1)





        ▼ 
      



january

(1)

clippings from "zero world problems"










        ► 
      



2024

(1)





        ► 
      



may

(1)









        ► 
      



2023

(4)





        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2022

(26)





        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(7)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2021

(108)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(7)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(8)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(15)







        ► 
      



march

(10)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(27)









        ► 
      



2020

(294)





        ► 
      



december

(23)







        ► 
      



november

(14)







        ► 
      



october

(19)







        ► 
      



september

(31)







        ► 
      



august

(24)







        ► 
      



july

(33)







        ► 
      



june

(20)







        ► 
      



may

(26)







        ► 
      



april

(28)







        ► 
      



march

(36)







        ► 
      



february

(21)







        ► 
      



january

(19)









        ► 
      



2019

(350)





        ► 
      



december

(26)







        ► 
      



november

(31)







        ► 
      



october

(27)







        ► 
      



september

(20)







        ► 
      



august

(28)







        ► 
      



july

(29)







        ► 
      



june

(26)







        ► 
      



may

(25)







        ► 
      



april

(30)







        ► 
      



march

(30)







        ► 
      



february

(41)







        ► 
      



january

(37)









        ► 
      



2018

(520)





        ► 
      



december

(33)







        ► 
      



november

(47)







        ► 
      



october

(43)







        ► 
      



september

(56)







        ► 
      



august

(45)







        ► 
      



july

(36)







        ► 
      



june

(43)







        ► 
      



may

(40)







        ► 
      



april

(47)







        ► 
      



march

(42)







        ► 
      



february

(43)







        ► 
      



january

(45)









        ► 
      



2017

(564)





        ► 
      



december

(45)







        ► 
      



november

(43)







        ► 
      



october

(41)







        ► 
      



september

(39)







        ► 
      



august

(50)







        ► 
      



july

(35)







        ► 
      



june

(63)







        ► 
      



may

(52)







        ► 
      



april

(58)







        ► 
      



march

(57)







        ► 
      



february

(38)







        ► 
      



january

(43)









        ► 
      



2016

(657)





        ► 
      



december

(56)







        ► 
      



november

(55)







        ► 
      



october

(54)







        ► 
      



september

(53)







        ► 
      



august

(58)







        ► 
      



july

(52)







        ► 
      



june

(48)







        ► 
      



may

(46)







        ► 
      



april

(61)







        ► 
      



march

(67)







        ► 
      



february

(50)







        ► 
      



january

(57)









        ► 
      



2015

(512)





        ► 
      



december

(48)







        ► 
      



november

(45)







        ► 
      



october

(44)







        ► 
      



september

(47)







        ► 
      



august

(47)







        ► 
      



july

(37)







        ► 
      



june

(39)







        ► 
      



may

(42)







        ► 
      



april

(53)







        ► 
      



march

(45)







        ► 
      



february

(40)







        ► 
      



january

(25)









        ► 
      



2014

(879)





        ► 
      



december

(40)







        ► 
      



november

(51)







        ► 
      



october

(47)







        ► 
      



september

(53)







        ► 
      



august

(54)







        ► 
      



july

(64)







        ► 
      



june

(68)







        ► 
      



may

(82)







        ► 
      



april

(94)







        ► 
      



march

(108)







        ► 
      



february

(105)







        ► 
      



january

(113)









        ► 
      



2013

(966)





        ► 
      



december

(100)







        ► 
      



november

(71)







        ► 
      



october

(79)







        ► 
      



september

(69)







        ► 
      



august

(51)







        ► 
      



july

(67)







        ► 
      



june

(90)







        ► 
      



may

(86)







        ► 
      



april

(83)







        ► 
      



march

(93)







        ► 
      



february

(77)







        ► 
      



january

(100)









        ► 
      



2012

(871)





        ► 
      



december

(62)







        ► 
      



november

(84)







        ► 
      



october

(80)







        ► 
      



september

(85)







        ► 
      



august

(79)







        ► 
      



july

(80)







        ► 
      



june

(58)







        ► 
      



may

(58)







        ► 
      



april

(101)







        ► 
      



march

(62)







        ► 
      



february

(57)







        ► 
      



january

(65)









        ► 
      



2011

(462)





        ► 
      



december

(70)







        ► 
      



november

(49)







        ► 
      



october

(42)







        ► 
      



september

(55)







        ► 
      



august

(51)







        ► 
      



july

(44)







        ► 
      



june

(35)







        ► 
      



may

(23)







        ► 
      



april

(22)







        ► 
      



march

(21)







        ► 
      



february

(24)







        ► 
      



january

(26)









        ► 
      



2010

(359)





        ► 
      



december

(33)







        ► 
      



november

(33)







        ► 
      



october

(33)







        ► 
      



september

(39)







        ► 
      



august

(43)







        ► 
      



july

(37)







        ► 
      



june

(33)







        ► 
      



may

(18)







        ► 
      



april

(22)







        ► 
      



march

(24)







        ► 
      



february

(27)







        ► 
      



january

(17)









        ► 
      



2009

(696)





        ► 
      



december

(50)







        ► 
      



november

(66)







        ► 
      



october

(65)







        ► 
      



september

(51)







        ► 
      



august

(44)







        ► 
      



july

(47)







        ► 
      



june

(48)







        ► 
      



may

(56)







        ► 
      



april

(75)







        ► 
      



march

(61)







        ► 
      



february

(61)







        ► 
      



january

(72)









        ► 
      



2008

(548)





        ► 
      



december

(49)







        ► 
      



november

(50)







        ► 
      



october

(64)







        ► 
      



september

(62)







        ► 
      



august

(50)







        ► 
      



july

(55)







        ► 
      



june

(46)







        ► 
      



may

(43)







        ► 
      



april

(34)







        ► 
      



march

(28)







        ► 
      



february

(32)







        ► 
      



january

(35)









        ► 
      



2007

(413)





        ► 
      



december

(23)







        ► 
      



november

(36)







        ► 
      



october

(43)







        ► 
      



september

(40)







        ► 
      



august

(34)







        ► 
      



july

(36)







        ► 
      



june

(28)







        ► 
      



may

(39)







        ► 
      



april

(36)







        ► 
      



march

(44)







        ► 
      



february

(27)







        ► 
      



january

(27)









        ► 
      



2006

(406)





        ► 
      



december

(25)







        ► 
      



november

(32)







        ► 
      



october

(32)







        ► 
      



september

(32)







        ► 
      



august

(31)







        ► 
      



july

(38)







        ► 
      



june

(34)







        ► 
      



may

(42)







        ► 
      



april

(35)







        ► 
      



march

(39)







        ► 
      



february

(31)







        ► 
      



january

(35)









        ► 
      



2005

(151)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(23)







        ► 
      



october

(23)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(14)







        ► 
      



july

(12)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(8)







        ► 
      



march

(7)







        ► 
      



february

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2004

(5)





        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(2)









translate





















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























