



















home | ben & jerry’s





























skip to main content
skip to footer




ice cream flavoursour flavoursice cream tubsnon-dairy tubsice cream mini cupsice cream bites and sticksscoop shop flavourssundaesshop peaceschocolatey love a-fairintroducing lighten up!flavour graveyardwhere to buyoverviewinstant delivery + supermarket delivery near mescoop shops & catering near meshops & cateringoverviewour menuice cream cateringice cream cakesfree cone dayfind a scoop shopactivismoverviewhow we do businessissues we care aboutour progressive valuesuk fund of b&j's foundationabout usoverviewhow we're structuredhow we make ice creamflavour guruswhere we do businessopen a franchisewhat's newcontact usclose menu



















							search our website








							suggestions are available when 3 or more characters are entered. when results are available use the up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.









					search





















							search our website








							suggestions are available when 3 or more characters are entered. when results are available use the up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.









					search






















protect lgbtqi+ lives
now more than ever, we must protect the rights and humanity of lgbtqi+ people.


read more


where to buy








get ice cream
find your closest retailer or delivery partner today.

get ice cream










shops & catering
find your favorite flavors at a scoop shop near you.
find shops & catering










get involved
we build awareness and support for the social & environmental issues that we feel strongly about. find out how you can help.


learn more about our values




top stories














			11 february 2025
quiz: what’s your ice cream love language?
scoops of affirmation? quality tubs? acts of sweetness? take the quiz to find your ice cream love language and start spreading the love!


			read more













			10 february 2025
protect lgbtqi+ lives
now more than ever, we must protect the rights and humanity of lgbtqi+ people.


			read more













			7 february 2025
calling all bridgets, bens, and jerrys!
to celebrate the relationship between a famous bridget and her beloved tub of ben & jerry’, anyone with the name bridget, ben or jerry can head down to a ben & jerry’s scoop shop this valentines day (friday 14th feb) and receive any menu item completely free. thats anything from a scoop to a loaded waffle- talk about a declaration of love!


			read more















we love making ice cream - but using our business to make the world a better place gives our work its meaning






thoughtful ingredients
our ingredients support positive change and make our ice cream taste sensational!


				product sourcing






shared success
we aim to create prosperity for everyone that's connected to our business.

				our mission & values






making a difference
we build awareness and support for the activism causes we feel strongly about.

				issues we care about











it's like dessert for your inbox
sign up for our email newsletter & get the inside scoop!





enter your email address






connect with us

send us feedback
unsubscribe

follow us











more info

what's new
about us
how we do business





united kingdom




				australia



				austria



				belgium



				brazil



				canada



				czech republic



				denmark



				finland



				france



				germany



				greece



				ireland



				italy



				mexico



				netherlands



				norway



				new zealand



				poland



				portugal



				puerto rico



				singapore



				south korea



				spain



				sweden



				switzerland



				thailand



				united kingdom



				united states


accessibilitycontact usfranchisedisclaimercookie noticeprivacy noticesitemap





cookie settings












