

fusilier miniatures - traditional hand painted toy soldiers made in england















 


traditional hand painted toy soldiers
made in england  




 
 
 
 



 





fusilier figures






 







fusilier miniatures

produces traditionally
hand painted 54mm toy soldiers. it is a long established company, purchased by
paul and mark turner.
    

    
the fusilier range is wide and varied, including ww1, ww2, us civil war, civilian arp (air raid precaution), foreign 
    legion, indian army and more. the figures can be produced in gloss or matt finish and most items are also available as castings at the customer's 
    request. go to fusilier to browse the fusilier  catalogue and to shop online.




new fusilier miniatures figures 2012retreat from moscow, ww1, miscellaneous and rha











see our 
  retreat from moscow range
  in the fusilier section.







tommy atkins figures







tommy atkins
figures are produced in high quality metal, 54mm scale, and hand-painted in detail with a fine eye
    for authenticity.
browse our new tommy
    atkins section.








new tommy atkins figures 2012rogers rangers, french indian wars, jacobite rebellion, victorian london
and new section victorian rural life










hussar miniatures










 

 

 




hussar 54mm models was
purchased by fusilier miniatures at the beginning of 2003.



    
hussar miniatures first started production in the late 1970s, with the range of figures sold through their west london shop. the master patterns were made by a 
  leading master pattern maker, alan caton.
  

    
the hussar range consists of: medieval, napoleonics, nelson's navy, prussian and german armies, highland and others, 
  in both mounted and foot figures, and as either castings or painted. go to hussar figures to browse the hussar 
  catalogue and to shop online.








see our 
  victory parade figures
  range in the hussar section.
  



            
  
afghan wars 1879/80
  gordon highlanders & afghan tribesmen
figures can also be purchased as cameron highlanders 












shop securely online. we accept visa and mastercard.





home


fusilier


hussar


tommy atkins


delivery info


contact us


view cart







 
 




 
 



 
 




 
 




 
 



 
 

 
 
 



 
 

 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 




 
 

 
 
 



 
 

 
 
 









 

mark or paul turner, 39 bury crescent, gosport, hampshire po12 3tz, uk


 

telephone: +44(0) 2392 585925












top of page


