

the mattress doctor 07765 400 400| professional mattress cleaning london, north london and north west london














call:  0845 226 0184 or 0845 643 9231

mobile:  07765 400 400 






home  |  about us  |  why clean  |  how it works  |  health benefits  |  dust mites    | testimonials   |  faq's |  contact





the mattress doctor - specialist  mattress  cleaning for north london and north west london
due to the modern day environment, created by double glazing and central heating, and the resulting increase in dust mites, bacteria, viruses and other filthy residues in our beds, there has been a corresponding increase in health problems such as asthma, eczema, hay fever and allergies. we also shed skin which enters our mattress, decays and provides the dust mites with their food. so regular mattress cleaning is more important than ever before. 
 in days gone by people cleaned their mattresses by dragging them out into the garden on a cold day and beating them for half an hour or more. they knew what was good for them because dust mites can't survive well at low temperatures and the beating removed the dust containing mite skin and excrement which contains harmful allergens, and other contaminants. 
 due to the weight and composition of the modern mattress, this type of cleaning is not regularly practiced; modern mattresses are far too heavy to carry outside. as well as this the time pressure created by todays hectic world means that many people are far too busy for mattress cleaning. 


mattress 
                  cleaning
                  deep clean your mattress. 
                  more... 
 
sofas
                  for a perfect clean home                  
                  more...
 
pillows & duvets 
                  that little extra. 
                  more...


areas we cover - click here for more informsation and postcodes 
            we do mattress cleaning in the north london and north west london, central london, hertfordshire / middlesex / essex borders and surrounding areas. 





why clean your mattress?



mattress facts 



mattresses can become infested with insects whose droppings can trigger asthma attacks.


the average mattress has between 100,000 and ten million dust mites in it.



a two year old pillow can weigh 10% more than the day it was bought



the mattress is, without a doubt, the dirtiest object we have close contact with. men, women and children spend one third of their lives sleeping on mattresses that are extremely soiled and as such, potentially dangerous to their health. this applies equally to a mattress that is only a few months old as it does to a mattress several years old. with every movement of the body in bed, dust and mite excrement are churned up. the mattress acts as a bellows, blowing dirt into mouth, nose, eyes and onto the skin. 
find out more... click here 
 hygiene and allergy problems can only be solved or improved by dust mite removal/mattress cleaning, thus eliminating the cause. our process is safe, efficient and without the use of water, steam or chemicals. even if you do not suffer from any associated medical condition it is good to sleep in a really clean hygienic bed. 
find out more... click here 
 it should be noted that we do not recommend any form of wet cleaning on your mattress. the moisture will penetrate inside where the dust acts like a sponge and retains this moisture. the longer it takes to dry the greater the risk of fungi forming. this can be very harmful to your health. 
  






some key areas we cover
belsize park, bushey, crouch end, east finchley, finchley central, golders green, hampstead, highgate, mill hill, muswell hill, north finchley, radlett, totteridge, whetstone
we are expanding all the time click   here to see if we are in your area. 




©2025 the mattress doctor. 
              mattress cleaning north london. mattress cleaning north west london 
              site designed and maintained by enhanced 
                designs







