



dan christensen












dan christensen
i am a professor in the department of mathematics at the university of western ontario in
london, ontario, and am an affiliate member of the perimeter
institute for theoretical physics. the department of
mathematics is part of the school of mathematical and statistical
sciences.
i am the editor-in-chief of homology, homotopy and
applications.
i am a co-organizer of the homotopy
type theory electronic seminar talks.
my papers, preprints and talks.
contact information is below.
research


my research interests include algebraic topology (especially
stable homotopy theory and model categories), homotopy type theory
and univalent foundations, category theory (especially higher
categories), derived categories, modular representation theory,
mathematical physics (quantum gravity), and computation.





research group
dan christensen (faculty)
thomas thorbjã¸rnsen (ph.d. student, sept 2023 until present)
sebastian gã³mez rendã³n (m.sc. student, sept 2023 until present)
graduate students: i am looking for new graduate
students in the areas of homotopy theory, homotopy type theory
and topology, broadly construed. 

if you are interested, please contact me and send an application to our
department mentioning my name. to be sure your application can
be evaluated fully, please have at least three people submit
detailed letters of reference. 


postdocs: i encourage eligible people to apply for an

nserc postdoctoral fellowship, an 
nserc banting postdoctoral fellowship (domestic and
international applicants eligible), any 
other nserc postdoc, an nsf pdf, or similar to be held at
western. the standard nsf postdocs can be held in canada, and there
are other eligible nsf postdocs, e.g. an international
research fellowship program postdoc or a mathematical
sciences postdoctoral research fellowships.
students and postdocs: the canadian government has

many scholarships and fellowships that are available for people
from many different countries.

   


group photo, july 2021




links:

my papers, preprints and talks.
my curriculum vita.
i can supervise graduate students in the department of mathematics
and the department of physics
at western.
i am an affiliate member of the perimeter
institute for theoretical physics which is located in waterloo,
about a 75 minute drive from western.
i am a managing editor of homology, homotopy and
applications.
information on topology at
western 
western is part of sharcnet, canada's largest academic
supercomputer. a profile
of my research, written by sharcnet staff. 

departmental math department events,

school of mathematical and statistical sciences events.


   

what's this?


recent teaching



fall 2024
homotopy
    type theory, math 9501a.



linear algebra, math 1600a.


summer 2024
representation
    theory, math 9140a.


summer 2023
mathematical
computation, math 9171a.

full list of courses taught at uwo.


other



i'm on mathstodon/mastodon.
sage is a wonderful program
which interfaces to magma, maple, mathematica and matlab, and the
free programs axiom, gap, gp/pari, macaulay2, maxima, octave, and
singular. it is freely available and open source.

if you find math fun, consider becoming a math major. talk to me or
anyone else in the department if you're curious. 



here are some photos from trips
i have been on.
how to get to london, ontario, and
where to stay.

  
  

i've produced plots of roots of polynomials,
some of which appeared in a 
scientific american article.



contact information

dan christensen
department of mathematics
the university of western ontario
london, ontario n6a 5b7
canada
office: mc130
office phone: (519) 661-2111 x86530
fax: (519) 661-3610 (include my full name)
e-mail:    
 
image credit: mitch zimmer, 2023
 
western mathematics home page
western home page
find uwo faculty/staff

find uwo students


