



filmland classics




















welcome, freaky monster lover!

you can sign in or register using the links at upper right corner of this page or you can checkout as a guest (no log-in needed).   click banners (below) to view all items available.  shop with kong-fidence!  your satisfaction guaranteed or your money back!  registered users get freaky bonus points on most items.  collect 'em and use like cash on future purchases!!!! (trademarks displayed on this site are for item reference only.  this site is not affilliated with any companies other than freaky monsters)


>>> shipping updates & noose! (january 07, 2025) <<<


freaky monsters #40 is available now.  click banner to order

please join our free our mailing list to recieve update announcements.

we are working on adding sms text message announcements for your convenience.


our web site will be getting a complete overhaul.
	please disregard "coming soon" dates on banner ads.  most items are in stock.
	and again, fangs to all of our readers and fans for your support!


tap or click a banner below:






















update:  superman special -- more coming.  expected 11/25/2024






libas:  hard cover copies currently sold out.  we will be getting additional copies of of both the hard cover and the paperback edition shortly.










 


  tap or click a banner below to view all items in categeory:







a great lady has passed

my darling wife of 20 years, connie bean, passed away peacefully in her sleep on january 13, 2022. she was 65. she had been ill for several months but maintained her spirit and sense of humor through it all. i have established a web site celebrating her life at conniebean.com which is online now and will be updated very soon. 

connie loved knowing you all and both of us have deeply appreciated the calls and letters of support you have sent over the past months.  in lieu of flowers, please make a donation in her memory to the aspca or st. judes children's hospital, two causes she supported. 

i will post addition information soon. thank you all for your friendship and support.  -- ray ferry

	 

	 





categories






monster mail order dept!


audio cds


buttons


coffee mugs


collector cards


dvds


mouse pads


t-shirts


freaky monsters back issues!

 

new items & pre-order


private collection sales









extra services




gift certificates


special offers


products map
















noose & links



05-25-2018

join our mailing list!

click this link  to join our mailing list and receive periodic news, updates and special offers from filmland classics. stay informed of new issue and product releases and pre-orders. receive special discount offers. 

as soon as you join, you'll receive an email with special super-savings discount coupon code for nooseletter members only.

note:  if you don't get the email acknowledement in a few minutes, please check your spam folder.

your privacy is assured. we never rent, sell or exchange our mailing list with anyone else and you will not be spammed with emails from us. we send out news announcements appx. once or twice a month.

all news
                        
            subscribe to mail list








 











home
shopping cart
contact us
new & pre-order items!
about freaky monsters













































sign in 
register












0













this site requires javascript to function properly.please enable javascript in your web browser.


 


users visited us during the last 5 minutes: 

          33
                  anonymous customer(s)
                      



users visited us during the last 5 minutes: 

          33
                  anonymous customer(s)
                      





help


contact us
about our store
about freaky monsters
faq (frequently asked questions)
terms & conditions
privacy statement
our 100% secure ssl encryption
shipping policies & charges
adam west batman original photos collection


 


call us: contact.us@filmlandclassics.com





© 2002-2025 filmland classics





