     already a part of the sav-rx family? welcome back! log inpatient portaladmin portalcaa portalprovider portal      homeflip the scriptsolutionsour storyresourcespharmacy locationsformulary tiermail order pricesformulary listformsone touchmail order formprescription reimbursement form – electronic submissionprescription reimbursement mail-in formsav-rx advantage discount card programrelease of medical records formcontactsalescustomer servicecontact infologinpatient portaladmin portalcaa portalprovider portal    log inpatient portaladmin portalcaa portalprovider portalhomepageflip the scriptsolutionsour storypharmacy locationsformulary tiermail order pricesformulary listone touch formmail order formprescription reimbursement formsav-rx advantage discount card programcontact infobenefiting over  10 million american workers  and their familieslet’s flip the script in your best interestit’s time to rethink who benefits in today’s pharmacy management industry. most pbms prioritize profits over people, serving company interests and creating more profits for shareholders. but not sav-rx.we are an independent, family-operated medication benefits manager that’s always put american workers first, enabling them to maximize their health and happiness. and all at the lowest net cost to their health plans.   see how we can help flip the script in your best interest 5 unique ways  we've got you covered 100% independentfamily-owned since 1968. we don’t answer to outside investors. we only answer to our clients. most cost-effectivesince 2015, our clients have incurred 44% less pharmaceutical spend than the market average. 98% of inquiries resolvedduring their first contact with sav-rx. all calls are answered live. no robots. no frustrating phone prompts. just real american workers ready to help. radically transparentsav-rx guarantees  complete transparency  and honest contracting. flexible partnerwe customize clinical solutions to address your plan’s unique needs and the needs of the workers who depend on you for their benefits.sav-rx is in your cornerdespite rising complexities and costs, sav-rx is the one strategic partner you can depend on to evolve with you as your needs change. find out why 99% of our clients have been with us for over 20 years.  explore our dynamic solutions 100% u.s.-based!  world-class service.  98%member satisfaction  99%client retention  100%active references from union clientsaligned interests matter. sav-rx is the choice of the american labor movement for a reason. barry davies, business manager ironwokers local 512“you’re right if you think your pbm should be doing more for you. they should, but they aren’t. sav-rx is the anti-pbm. our costs are lower. our members are happy. everything is better. make the switch to sav-rx.”  alan jones, business manager ibew local 177“sav-rx can resolve my members problems in minutes. when someone contacts the sav-rx support team, my participants problems disappear. and i look like a miracle worker to my member.”  charlie falkner, business manager ironworkers local 8“sav-rx saved our fund millions of dollars. their member and client support is superior to that of any vendor we’ve partnered with. sav-rx’s values align with ours. they truly operate in the best interest of our members, our plan, and of the labor movement. sav-rx is the better pbm you’ve been hoping for.”  vine pharmacy vine pharmacy“we appreciate your willingness to collaborate with us to achieve the best outcomes for all entities involved. you are the first pbm that has ever proactively reach out to help resolve issues. ”    allies to american labor we are the only unionized pbm to be endorsed for over 20 years by: the international brotherhood of electrical workers (ibew) the national electric contractors association (neca) the international union of bricklayers and allied craftworkers (bac) the international association of bridge, structural, ornamental, and reinforcing ironworkers (iw)for generations, americans have fought for job safety, fair wages and income security. but there can be no security without affordable access to quality medical benefits. organized unions have had a profound impact on the lives of average working americans, their families, and their communities across america. medical and pharmacy benefits must be sustainable because healthcare is not just a benefit, it’s the earned right of every working american who carries a union card. savrx, the only unionized pbm helps protect that right.  see our story let's reform health  for your members at sav-rx, we measure our success not in private equity or shareholder value, but by the quality of the lives we impact. experience a seamless transition from your current pbm, with uninterrupted service. once transitioned, you will receive a custom-made benefits plan, suited to your unique health needs, from our experts. want to learn more about how this is possible?  let's talk homepageflip the scriptsolutionsour storycontact salescontact infocareersnotice of privacy practiceslegal and regulatorycopyright © 2024 sav-rx                