

thin section bearings, slewing ring bearings, bearing remanufacturing | kaydon bearings

















































contact us 











 
log in to access slewing bearing 3d models & cad files. access thin section bearings at skf.com 
forgot password?  |  register






kaydon bearings are designed to solve highly demanding applications and specific requirements in a wide range of industries.
reali-slim® thin section bearings

kaydon thin section bearings are designed to save weight, use less space, reduce friction, increase design flexibility and provide high running accuracy.

industries include:

aerospace
robotics
semiconductor
industrial machinery
machine tools
medical devices and machines


explore our full portfolio of thin section bearings on skf.com.

kaydon thin section bearing solutions save weight, create space, reduce friction, increase design flexibility, and provide excellent running accuracy. kaydon reali-slim® and ultra-slim® bearings are available in a wide variety of materials, separator options, cross-sections, internal fit up choices, lubricants, corrosion resistance options and contact angles. with bore sizes from 3/4 inch to 40 inches (19 mm to 1 m), kaydon provides the largest range of thin section bearings. the kaydon bearing selector lets you search our thin section solutions by dimensions or part number.
slewing ring bearings

kaydon slewing ring bearing solutions—are available in a variety of stock bearing sizes and configurations. the kaydon slewing ring bearing selector lets you search our catalog offering by bearing type, gear type, external and internal dimensions, static loads and other parameters. in addition to the catalog sizes, kaydon can produce a wide range of custom manufactured bearings. for heavy-duty applications requiring significant load-carrying capacity; for designs where precise positioning is critical; and for the unique requirements of wind turbines, kaydon can customize its designs to meet your unique challenges. kaydon manufactures slewing ring bearings ranging for outside diameters of just 4 inches up to 282 inches (10 cm to 7.2 m). considering the catalog availability, design flexibility and breadth of offering—no wonder kaydon has become the north american slewing ring bearing leader in the most demanding markets.

industries include:

industrial machinery and automation
food processing equipment
heavy equipment
construction and utility vehicles
mining
oil and gas
solar energy
wind energy






 















  



 


home
skf brands
locations
certifications
affiliates
jobs



search
login
register
forgot password




terms & conditions



privacy policy



site ownership



cookies



general conditions of sales






























