


.: zionism and israel on the web: history of zionism, facts on zionism, definition of zionism :.















zionism on the web provides definitions and facts on israel
and zionism to combat
hate,

antisemitism and racism.





zionism on the web. a zionist explanation on israel, zionism, palestine and peace in the middle east. facts on zionism and israel to combat hate, antisemitism, anti-zionism and racism.
zionism israel on the web: israel and zionism logo




stay updated

you can help us by sharing.


thank you for your help, it does make a difference




email me urgent newsnb: only a few sent each year



update history
2009 august home page
2007 home page
2006 home page









recent news





recent additions
the aims of the bds movement
enoughnews have produced a great report on boycotts, divestment and sanctions. the report includes use of zionism on the web's academic boycott resource center

featured on iba news
dr andre oboler, zionism on the web and the cie supported talk gaza website were featured in a news report by the english language israel broadcasting authority. the report is focused on roi 5, a high profile conference for young jewish innovators.




praise
in 2009 london's jewish chronicle interviewed jonathan hoffman, co-vice chair of the zionist federation, on online resources for zionist activists. he said, "one of the best [websites] is zionism on the web".
zionism on the web has maintained this leading position since it first won a top site award from the jewish agency in 2006.

zionism on the web has also endorsement and praise from other supporters and content contributions from a range of experts around the world


talkgaza.com
a dedicated site providing information on the flotilla to gaza. we recommend visitors take a look if they are interested in information on this topic.

accepting antisemitism in the online world
dr oboler's new article, published by presentense magazine (febuary 2010) is
		under attack in a virtual world. the article discussed how in
		a world with no absolute truth or commonly accepted values, racism and intolerance are becoming widely accepted in society.
		this in turn leads to a a potential reversal of all the progress that has been made in the name of civil rights. this article was published shortly before facebook appologised to the government of the state of queensland after the platform was used for serious abuse.
recent discussions
a few topic with recent discussion include...

nick griffin and david irving invited to debate at oxford
top eu official says europe has treated israel poorly
annapolis and israel's security and borders
the double exodus - refugees
qassam rockets, palestinian leadership and peace for 2007
anti-zionism: its logic, and the bi-national or two state solution?
antisemitism shifting to the language of anti-zionism - poll & discussion

selected articles
we invite zionist, israel and middle east related articles and request permission to reproduce others we find on topics such as the culture and history of israel, anti-zionism and antisemitism
google earth: a new platform for anti-israel propaganda and replacement geography

			dr andre oboler's report into google earth in jerusalem issue briefs, vol. 8, no. 5, (26 june 2008) highlighted how google earth is littered with orange dots, which claim to represent destroyed palestinian villages. israel is depicted as a state born out of colonial conquest rather than the return of a people from exile. this use of google earth for anti-israel propoganda is examined. the results have caused interest around the globe, including in the offices of google itself.
http://web of hatred
the issue of internet hate was picked up in the
			cover story for the jerusalem report, july 7th 2008. zionism on the web's dr andre oboler is quoted extensively. natan sharansky comes out in support of efforts (such as this site) to counter online antisemitism, "we need to have our own sites answering all their claims, and to get a lot of people involved. this is too important to ignore."
			
global forum report on online hate
an important international document, edited by zionism on the web's ceo, dr andre oboler, and david matas of bnei brith canada, was released at the start of february. the document, a 17 page report from the meeting of the working group into online antisemitism at the global forum to combat antisemitism, include recommendations for government, the internet industry, and civil society.
spanish academic boycott of israel
the spanish government have decided to disqualify an israeli team from the european solar decathlon - just as the team reaches the final stages. the government took this action to implement a boycott policy promoted by a uk based palestinian lobby group. the students are from ariel college which is situated in the west bank. previous moves to boycott the college in the uk have been considered discrinatory and illegal.see our special report on the spanish academic boycott - part of our academic boycott resource centre
holocaust denial on facebook
a new report by zionism on the web's ceo, dr andre oboler, on 
		facebook, holocaust denial, and anti-semitism 2.0 has been published by the jcpa. a summary published by the ajc's z-word blog and
		a jerusalem post article on the report have also been published.
gilad shalit
the highly successful campaign to make 
		gilad shalit a trending topic in twitter. this article explains the campaign and the result.
facebook gives hatred a hand
writing for the uk guardian's comment is free, zionism on the web's dr andre oboler critisized facebooks policy which allowed holocaust denial despite other provisions prohibiting hate speech. his suggestion that national laws against racial descrimination need to be used if companies won't take the action themselves created an outcry in libertarian blogs.
mk's palestinian narrative
in may 2009 an arab israeli member of the knesset visited australia promoting the end of the jewish state of israel, but also expressing the confusion of the arab israeli identity. zionism on the web's dr andre oboler analysed the talk in jerusalem post.
facebook and holocaust denial
on may 15th, 2009, the australian jewish news published a story on holocaust denial in facebook with extensive input from dr oboler. the article
		is "facebook refuses to ban all holocaust-denial groups" by chantal abitbol and appeared on page 9. dr oboler is currently working on a detailed report on the topic which will be published towards the end of the year.
israel is a victim not an aggressor in the middle east
a speech by jonathan hoffman, co-vice chair of the uk's zionist federation at a debate by the durham university union, 14 may 2009
expert warns on internet antisemitism
an article on zionism on the web's ceo, dr andre oboler, in the australian jewish news (october 31 2008) on online antisemitism and the threat facing society.
interview with dr oboler
each week the australian jewish news puts 10 questions to an expert. on october 31st 2008, just prior to dr oboler's speaking tour in sydney, the ajn featured "10 questions for dr andre oboler: expert on online anti-semitism". this feature gives an indepth look at the issues, risks and motivation behind dr oboler's work.
facebook and google earth: anti-semitism in web 2.0
an authorised english translation "facebook and google earth: anti-semitism in web 2.0", of the german language article "facebook und google earth: antisemitismus im web 2.0" writen by christoph gunkel and published in frankfurter allgemeine zeitung (faz), germany on 14 october 2008. the article include comments from an interview with zionism on the web's ceo, dr andre oboler.
goldsmiths', gaza and the warsaw ghetto
after attending an event at the university of london, jonathan hoffman has written an open letter to the students'
		 union of goldsmiths' college. the event promoted holocaust relativism, antisemitism and outright lies. far from "no platforming" racism, the union has promoted it.
"but i am a zionist!"
an extended feature article for zionism on the web, from dr clemens heni, post-doctoral associate at yale university. this article "but i am a zionist!" discussed germany, antisemitism, israel, iran, and the new american presidency on the eve of the american election.
comment is free report
a submission to the uk parliment's committee on antisemitism on antisemitism in comment is free by jonathan hoffman. the submission has caused a great deal of interest both online and in the community.
wiki-warfare: wikipedia manipulated
palestinian advocacy group electronic intifada manipulated wikipedia (read exclusive analysis) in order to discredit and eliminate camera (committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america). penalties for camera (who were trying to start an initiative to improve wikipedia, in response to increasing palestinian activism at the site) were made particularly harsh amid claims that this was a "first" and strong message needed to be sent to other organisations.
		our exclusive research shows that palestinian activists have been gaming wikipedia for years.zionism on the web's dr andre oboler raised this issue in the jerusalem post wiki-warfare: battle for the on-line encyclopedia on may. 13, 2008. an honest reporting special report exposed - anti-israeli subversion on wikipedia co-authored by dr oboler and honest reporting staff provided additional detail and recieved significant coverage.
work with us to comabat racism
your support is needed! if you manage a website or blog please show your support by linking to us. we've made this
		easy for you by providing code for you to copy to add a link or banner.
		major jewish, zionist, and israeli organisations (government and non-government) are also invited to join our list of supporters.
christian supports are invited to send us their articles on christian zionism.
google being used to spread racism
andre oboler reports how google is being used to spread hate as racist sites climb the ranking of this popular search engine. in this
		special report we discuss the factors leading to this rise in racism online and what ordinary websites can do to combat it.
expert search launched!


 a new expert search launch by zionism on the web aims to help students and researchers find infomation on israel and zionism while avoiding antisemitic and racist hate sites.
		far too many of the results usually returned by google on searches for zionism, jew or israel are nothing more than hate sites. with your help we can turn this around.
		visit the expert search on zionism & israel
also at this website...















copyright 2008 zionism on the web
may be copied only with acknolwedgement by
linking to this page and to http://www.zionismontheweb.org 










