


untitled





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
mudskate's mudvayne crazyness



 
 

 


m.m.c. home
biography
mudvayne pics
what's new
guestbook
wallpapers
mud-links
l.d. 50 lyrics
kill i outta lyrics
end of all... lyrics
polls
tabs
mulletography
skate photos

 




to the oxygen wasting losers,
welcome to my newly created site dedicated to the awesome band, mudvayne.  i have been obsessed with the bands music ever since i first heard l.d.50.  the band has more talent and is much better than any other band playing today.  now that the end of all things to come is out, mudvayne's music has been lifted to yet another hieght.  check my site often for i am always updating.  also check out all the links on the left of the page.


most recent updates
09/14/03:  what up everyone out there.  mudskate here.  i realize i've been gone a long long time but hey i've got this thing called a life that i gotta live.  anyway i just got in from xfest in dayton, ohio and i got to meet the greatest musicians of all time...mudvayne!!!  it was awesome.  they put on an awesome show too.  i was right next to the stage it was awesome.  well i just wanted to rub it in that i met mudvayne so peace i'm out.  i told kud to visit my site so if you're reading this kud then please sign the guestbook that would be completely awesome.

02/04/03:  i'm worthless.  the new mudvayne album came out, they went on tour, they appeared on craig kilborn, all this and i couldn't even take the time to stop and update my site.  well, i still ain't gonna do much but i will try to fill you in on mud-news and fix the guestbook and album lyrics.
11/15/02:  well, it's friday and the new mudvayne album comes out in like 4 days.  i've already downloaded the whole thing and it is awesome.  i will still be one of hte first in line to buy it though.  today at mudvayne.com the entire album is going to be streamed.  they will also be having a live chat at 6 pm et.  the not falling video is finally out and, just like all other great videos, isn't being played very much.  request this video!!!  well, this is about all i got to say so keep it reall everyone.  oh yea, check out the tabs for not falling on guitar.10/30/02:  for lyrics to not falling, click on the photo2 page link on the left of this page.  "silenced" is a new song from mudvayne that is also awesome.  go to mudvayne.com to hear it.  there will also be another new song on their site tomorrow.
10/09/02:  well, i downloaded "not falling" last week and was really suprised.  i didn't think it would be possible for mudvayne to make a better album than l.d.50, but if the rest of the album sounds similar to that song, it will far surpass it.  if you want to download the song my name on winmx is mudskate583.  i usually download at night so look for me then.
9/19/02:  yes.  i know.  i've been gone for like 4 months now but i don't care!  i made some updates to the site but nothing to crazy so don't expect much.  mudvayne's new cd is about to be released;awesome!  i saw an awesome band not too long ago named summer dying.  if you get a chance to see them you should.  check out their site and order a copy of their cd;it's awesome, not mudvayne awesome but it's the next best thing.  also look at my guestbook, the bassist for the band signed my guestbook!  awesome.  i'm going to start putting l.d. 50 tabs in the tabs section so be alert.  well my crazyness of a web site is now on search engines i've never even heard of so i guess that means i did a good job on it.  enjoy the new stuff and watch for the new album. 
5/10/02:  i added a couple things today.  oh yea!  also, i have an awesome internet radio station at launch.  check it out i only have it play the best music.  after clicking here ,just click listen now on the side of the page.


best mudvayne lyrics:  click to view or add text. 



the big crazy 
on this site i will also post information on my band, the big crazy.mudskate's mudvayne crazyness


my message board
be sure to tell mudskate and everyone else your thoughts or news on mudvayne. my corkboard
mudvayne chat room

please vote for my site on the mudvayne top site list.

mudvayne!
click here to go to their official site.
official mudvayne



 




 
 


 


your being counted...









