



	chaos software contact manager email client crm













home       
        products and downloads       
        chaoshost.com       
        
chaos university       
        purchase       
        contact sales       
        support







chaos software has been making better crm and pim applications
        for micro/small business and individual users since 1992, including the award winning
        contact relationship manager program time & chaos, chaos intellect business
        crm email software with auto-linked email history for contacts, and legal billing
        time and billing software for attorneys and professionals. each of these products
        can utilize shared databases on a network without any expensive server hardware
        or software requirements.
why choose chaos software?

1. we make programs for windows you buy, not rent or lease

            we make great programs for windows that install locally and store data locally with no cloud required. 
            license our software by the number of users, not computers. a single one-time purchase is all 
            that is required to use the version you purchase for as long as you like!
            we will also provide two years of upgrade protection so if a paid upgrade to a new version
            is released within two years of your purchase, you will be eligible to get it for free.
        

one-time purchase, not a lease or rental
license by the number of users, not the number of computers
upgrade protection for free updates for two years and discounted upgrades after that
data stored on your own computers with no internet access or cloud storage required








legal billing is 
                            designed for busy lawyers who need simple time slips, expenses and payments.
                            
                     
                







chaos intellect is our top-of-the-line with powerful email and contact management. 
                            see email history for contacts at a glance! send personalized messages to groups!
                     
                







time & chaos has the same great contacts and calendars as chaos intellect 
                            but without the business email features for users who prefer it lean.
                      
                





2. powerful cloud service is available but optional

            only if you need to share data with another computer outside of your location or with a smart phone
            or just need a web-based version you can use in pinch when away from your computer, you can add
            the additional power that our chaoshost.com service on 
            the internet can offer. synchronization capabilities are built-in to our windows apps and you 
            can sync with our chaoshost.com service 
            from most types of smart phones, too. synchronization with our servers means you can get data to 
            your device without needing to give your data to microsoft, google or apple.
        

subscription is optional and only if you need the extra features
sync with android devices
sync with iphones and ipads
sync with other windows computers where our software is installed
you don't lose or replace the full featured windows software, you just add synchronization features



keep your android or iphone in sync with your pc, keep pc's at different 
            locations coordinated and even work online from any web browser, 
            including mobile browsers! learn more at chaoshost.com
            and take advantage of a 30 day free trial with our custom cloud service designed
            exclusively for our chaos databases used in intellect, time & chaos and legal billing!
        




smart phone compatible?   our databases
            are ready to be shared with the newest generation of smart phones! just click on
            the mobile device os for more details:  
            android or 
            iphone or ipad



3. privacy is important to us
all too often users are made the product through trackers gathering information about you or scanning your data for 
            details useful for advertisements. not here!  our windows program has no user tracking and it sends no data to us 
            (except for what you intend, of course, if you use the optional chaoshost.com cloud service).  our chaoshost.com service
            also does not have trackers gathering info on your habits, nor is the data you share with chaoshost.com ever made 
            available to any third parties.
        
chaoshost.com can be a source for androids and iphones to sync with without needing to share your data
            with microsoft's, google's or apple's servers, keeping your data private from their eyes too.
        

your data is private and not shared with anyone you don't choose
no trackers in our windows apps or our mobile apps
no advertising in our software or on chaoshost.com
keep your data off of microsoft's, google's and apple's servers
remove your data from chaoshost.com at any time


            want to review our privacy statements? here is our company privacy statement. we also have 
            some supplemental privacy statements for users of the mail features in chaos intellect and users of our chaoshost.com service.
        

                   specific to chaos intellect users: our email privacy statement
                   specific to chaoshost.com subscribers: our data hosting privacy statement




free video training

                    want to learn our software quickly? view the full video training course schedule 
                    in our chaos university!
                

                    every class is 10 minutes or less so you can quickly be an expert!
                
why not start with our intellect 101 video to introduce you to our contact manager software? (if you use
                    time & chaos, these videos still apply as everything is the same but for the added mail features found in 
                    chaos intellect.)
                





                    use legal billing? here is the course schedule specific 
                    to our time and billing and invoicing software.
                



                    what's new in intellect 10.6?

1/26/2025: the newest version of chaos intellect has just been released and there are many new changes
                you'll want to know about. 
            

                while you can see the full 
                        revision history for a more complete list of changes, the biggest highlight is full support for microsoft phone link to use your contacts database to start text messages or voice calls to contacts using your connected smart phone.

                are you upgrading from a version older than 10.3? you should check out the what's new video in our chaos university that highlights the changes in version 10.3 and newer, especially those working with email features.
            





 

        still looking for something? here's our sitemap!

        products & services

           download software  from our complete product list


           chaoshost.com - online
        cloud storage customized for our chaos databases

           third-party products - a short list
        of other companies offering products to complement our own

        support

           user guides/knowledge base - online
        product manuals and a searchable database of answers to popular questions - even contact tech support
        when you can't find the answer you are looking for
    

           chaos university videos - free online
        videos to learn how to use our software

        news

           product news mail list - low-traffic
        emails regarding important new releases

        store

           purchase now! - you can only buy
        it here

        privacy

           our company privacy statement - chaos software
        group, inc. honors your privacy!

               specific to chaos intellect users: our email privacy statement
               specific to chaoshost.com subscribers: our data hosting privacy statement


        same people, new name

        were you expecting someone else? we changed our official company name in july 2003
        from isbister international, inc. same people, new name!

         





             

            copyright © 2025 chaos software group, inc.  -  all rights reserved

            [ home ] 
            [ products and downloads ] 
            [ chaoshost.com ]
            [ labs ] 
            
            [ chaos university ] 
            [ mailing list ] 
            [ purchase ] 
            [ sales ] 
            [ support ] 
            [ privacy] 
        




