







	welcome — heart of america council — boy scouts of america























































close menu
open menu




aboutjoin scoutingnewssubmit a storyfaqemploymentcouncil staffcouncil boardscouting.orgcouncil governancesign inscouting programscalendaractivitiessporting kansas city scout nightscout day at the kkansas city mavericks scout nighthaunted trailscope-a-paloozashoot-a-paloozascout day at the speedwaymonarchs scout nightdistrictsblue elkactivities and campingadvancementlifetime achievement awardaward of merit recipientsscouter's spirit recipientssilent service award recipientseagle scoutsea scout quartermasterventuring summitcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit serviceunit commissionersmicosay memorial servicesfrontierscoutreach job opportunitiescalendariron horseactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicekawactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicelone bearactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicenorth staractivities and campingadvancementdistrict contactsfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicecalendarpelatheactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicesoaring eagleactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicespirit trailactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicethree trailsactivities and campingadvancementcalendardistrict leadershipfriends of scoutingmembershiptrainingunit servicegive back eventscampingcub scout campingtiger campwolf campbear campwebelos campwebelos adventure weekendscout campingbartlenaishrotary camprotary camp staff applicationclimbing/copestem campinghigh adventurecamping resourcesoff season campingbartlenaishcampmasterscampmaster applicationinternational scoutingorder of the arrowactivitiesnoacnew ordealsaboutlevels of membershipformer lodge chiefscoup thonglodge executive committeechapterslodge officerscommitteeselectionsthe torchbearer resourceschange of addressvigil honormicosaycalendarranks & responsibilitieshistorycoupssilver coupmos resourcesyear in reviewdeceased membersdeceased members listchange of informationguardianannual guardianslifetime guardiansfounder guardianstc elevationscelebrationleadership accelerator programresourcesrecruitscouting by the numbersadvancement & awardsmerit badge programmerit badge counselorsadult awardsservice & support awardsdistrict award of meritinternational scouter awardgeorge meany awardwhitney young jr. awardwilliam h. spurgeon, iii awardorder of the arrow distinguished service awardsilver beaver awardsilver antelope awardsilver buffalo awardsilver world awardjames e. west fellowship awardboy scout community organization awardmarvin m. lewis bpoe (elks) awarddaniel carter beard masonic scouter awardamerican legion scouting awardprogram device pinsscouts with disabilities advancementresources & formslife saving & meritorious action awardsformsapplications to joininsurance informationinternet advancementunit & member renewal processscout shopcamping resourcesideal year of scoutingscoutbookscouts with disabilities awareness task forcereligious emblemsreligious award knotsso, you're a new den leaderyouth protection reportingtrainingmy.scoutingoutdoor ethics programcommissioner servicenyltsupplemental trainingtraining symposiumwood badgebasic adult leader outdoor orientation (baloo)trainers edgegivefriends of scoutingspecial eventsgolf classicsporting clays classicbill self golf classicpatrongeorge meany award dinnerpopcornshopsearch




















				parents
			




				leaders
			




				scouts
			


 donate




































explore scouting 
scouting means learning through living, making every day an adventure that challenges you to be your best. 
kcscouting resources  be a scout resources







looking for something?explore





scout shop
find locations and contact information for kansas city area scout shops







activities
find out more about local community scouting events for the whole family.







resources
this is a big website. if you’re looking for a resource related to hoac, here’s your sign.







camping
learn more about camping activities for cub scouts, scouts bsa, stem, and more.







contact us
whether you have questions or would just like to say hi, we’d love to hear from you!







mailing list
join our text and email list to receive the latest scouting news.
































×
mailing list sign-up


 

 
 










 
when you give to the heart of america council, you make a commitment to thousands of kansas city area youth. your gift will ensure that today’s scouts become tomorrow’s leaders. the heart of america council is a 501(c)(3) charity organization.
 
 


volunteering
one of the most direct ways to support local scouting is to volunteer. there are loads of ways you can help and you can have fun and learn something along the way!




donations
through the financial support of individuals, businesses, and united way, the heart of america council is able to deliver a quality program to thousands of young men and women.




special events
each year the heart of america council conducts special events to showcase the positive impact of scouting. attending these events helps to support local scouting, and it's also lots of fun!














latest news


 



winter in the wild



from kansas city to the snowy wilds of minnesota, local scouts brave subzero temperatures to experience northern tier's okpik winter adventure.


read more 






kansas eagle scout excels in outdoor achievement



it's one of the rarest awards earned in the bsa. now, this kansas eagle scout joins a short list of scouts who have excelled in outdoor achievement.


read more 


 



scouting safely



scouting safely is our top priority and there are a few important updates when it comes to the buddy system and overnight events for webelos, scouts bsa, venturing and sea scouts.


read more 






scouts bsa camp draw



summer camp 2025 is closer than you think and the scouts bsa summer camp draw starts this november for naish and bartle.


read more 


 



peace light returns to kansas city



it’s a symbol of peace, goodwill, and hope...now the peace light is making its way back to kansas city this holiday season.


read more 






cub scout family campouts



adventure ahead...explore the outdoors at a cub family campout and start your scouting year right!


read more 


 


 read more stories
 subscribe to scouting news



















about us
council staff council board employment opportunities facts and research recent news contact hoac 




resources
scouting by the numbers forms camping resources recruitment resources privacy policy 




support us
friends of scouting special events patron 









      








10210 holmes road
kansas city, mo 64131-4212



816-942-9333
								 — 



					© 2025 boy scouts of america — heart of america council
					  |  

creative web design by i7media
the heart of america council, bsa is a registered 501(c)(3) organization.

























