
















croatia travel guide - find croatia























home
islands

hvar
brac
korcula
losinj
all croatian islands

national parks

plitvice lakes
krka waterfalls
kornati islands
all croatian national parks

nature parks

biokovo
kopacki rit
telascica
all croatian nature parks

places

dubrovnik
split
zadar
zagreb
all cities in croatia

beaches
regions

istria
dalmatia
lika
hrvatsko zagorje
all regions in croatia

culture

history
art
architecture
castles
unesco heritage
food and wine
culture
about croatia

things to do

sailing
windsurfing
scuba diving
fishing
cycling
walking and hiking
skiing
sports & outdoors

where to stay

hotels
camping
apartments

transport

ferries
flights and airports
trains
roads and buses
maps
croatia travel info

☰


welcome to find-croatia - the croatia travel guide!
 follow @findcroatia

find croatia is web site dedicated to travellers and visitors to croatia. this is a comprehensive on-line travel guide to croatia with all the details and information about croatia visitor needs to know. this guide includes pages on croatia art and culture, its museums, architecture and natural beauties, as well as info about hotels in croatia, holiday accommodations in croatia and transport / travel to croatia. there is a section on croatia maps, ferries, flights, trains, sport activities, wellness and spas, and more.. :)
croatian islands
croatian islands: brac, brijuni, cres, dugi otok, elafiti, hvar, korcula, kolocep, kornati, krk, lastovo, losinj, lopud, mljet, molat, olib, pasman, pag, rab, sibenik archipelago: krapanj, kaprije, zlarin, silba, sipan, susak, vis , zadar archipelago, peljesac peninsula + ferries to croatian islands
croatian places and regions
croatian regions: istria , dalmatia, kvarner, slavonia, central croatia, hrvatsko zagorje, lika, gorski kotar | castles in croatia | croatian places: zagreb, split, dubrovnik, pula, rijeka, sibenik, osijek, sinj, zadar, motovun , trogir, porec, rovinj, novigrad, pazin, groznjan, opatija
national parks, nature parks and natural beauties
national parks of croatia: krka, kornati, mljet national park, paklenica, plitvice lakes, risnjak , sjeverni velebit; nature parks of croatia: biokovo, kopacki rit, lonjsko polje, medvednica, papuk, telascica, ucka, vranjsko jezero, zumberak | croatian rivers: zrmanja cetina neretva sava drava gacka |
croatia travel news, articles and featured places
ferries from venice to croatiaon the above map of ferries from venice to croatia, you can see all ferries that sail to croatia from venice. they sail in the spring and summer only. by october they all stop operating and usually start again in mid-april of the following year. so, between november and march, … read more »  ferries from venice to croatiaferries from italy to croatiasome ferries that sail to croatia from italy sail all year round, while others ferries between italy and croatia sail in the summers only. as these two countries share the adriatic sea, all ferries that sail from there to here are crossing that body of water. in the summers, there … read more »  ferries from italy to croatiacycling in croatiacycling routes in croatia: cycling dalmatian coast: this suggested journey of cycling along dalmatian coast and islands takes you from the architecturally stunning trogir near split to the renaissance city of dubrovnik. en route, you will pass cycling numerous villages, tiny medieval walled towns and lovely quiet pebble bays set against a backdrop of pine forests and mountains. more info … read more »  cycling in croatiapaklenica national parkpaklenica is croatian national park that covers the most attractive parts of southern velebit, as well as its highest peaks, all located in lika region. paklenica is an area of unusual contact between the sea and the mountain, rich in natural forests of beech, black pine and mountain pine. this … read more »  paklenica national parkgorski kotargorski kotar is the mountainous region of central continental part of croatia, located between karlovac and rijeka. the area borders with lika and kvarner regions. gorski kotar means “mountain district” as a large part of its territory is densely forested. the highest point is bjelolasica at 1534 m followed by … read more »  gorski kotarmljetmljet island is situated a couple of hours boat ride east from korcula towards dubrovnik. the mljet national park includes a western part of this green and tranquil island. the park is characterised by two deep bays which are called lakes due to their narrow passages to the open sea (veliko … read more »  mljetmaps of croatialocation, relief and road map of croatia: some of the above croatian maps are provided by courtesy of perry-castañeda library map collection maps of croatian islands: croatian islands map – this is a basic map of all croatian islands that is created while ago for the purpose of using it on this … read more »  maps of croatiarovinjrovinj is another croatian walled town built on the small peninsula. architecturally it looks very similar to korcula, dubrovnik or porec – located on small peninsula, surrounded by sea with its historic centre modelled on venice). rovinj is very popular among visitors and travellers to croatia and is one of … read more »  rovinjadriatic seathe adriatic sea is a body of water separating the italian peninsula from the balkan peninsula. the adriatic sea is a part of the mediterranean sea. the western coast is italian, while the eastern coast runs mostly along with croatia, but lesser parts belong to slovenia, bosnia and herzegovina, montenegro, … read more »  adriatic seacroatian islandscroatia has more than a thousand islands. all of them are dotted along the croatian coast of the adriatic sea. some of the islands are larger and inhabited, others are smaller and deserted. these islands are popular visitor’s destination and they are very well connected by various ferries – ideal … read more »  croatian islandslatest entries at croatia travel forum:
zadar to rovinj best way to traveltrieste to rovinj ferry or bus the best way to gobest way to travel to dubrovnik, split, venicevenice or pula to zadar ferries

latest blog entries:
split airport
split airport (spu) is located in kastela/resnik, a small place, 25 kilometers west of split and 6 km east of trogir. it is locally called zracna luka split. the airport serves split, trogir and wider dalmatia inclusive of the dalmatian islands. split airport is the second largest in croatia in …
read more » split airport
bol tourist board won a prestigious award at itb berlin, the leading international travel trade show
our stories from bol campaign won the bronze glow the importance of authenticity and innovation when promoting tourist destinations was recognized by the international jury at the 21st international tourism-film-print and multimedia competition, the golden city gate 2021, at the itb berlin. between a strong competition line-up of films from …
read more » bol tourist board won a prestigious award at itb berlin, the leading international travel trade show
dalmatian cuisine
the basic characteristics of dalmatian cuisine are fresh ingredients, simple preparation with little intense spice and lots of mostly fresh herbs and wild plants. dalmatia is, in fact, rich with mediterranean herbs, such as sage, bay leaves, rosemary, basil, thyme … which give dishes from this region a special aroma …
read more » dalmatian cuisine
visit croatia, the adriatic’s shining star
croatia, the adriatic’s shining star, is unlike any other european destination. with a mix of old-world european charm, easy mediterranean lifestyle, stunning 3,625 miles of coastline dotted by more than 1,000 islands, islets and reefs, fascinating history, rich culture, delectable cuisine and natural beauty — ten unesco world heritage sites …
read more » visit croatia, the adriatic’s shining star
top ten sights of croatia | swimming and sunbathing | croatia tourist offices | castles in croatia | croatian dictionary |car rental | sustainable tourism |
croatia - a brief guide
croatia extends from the foothills of the julian alps in the north-west and the pannonian plain in the east, over the dinara mountain range in its central region, to the adriatic coast in the south. area of croatia is 56,542 km2, with an additional 31,067 km2 of territorial waters. 
population in croatia is 4.5 million people. capital of croatia is zagreb (779.145 inhabitants - the administrative, cultural, academic and communication centre of the country). 
the capital, zagreb, is a typical central european metropolis, combining elegant nineteenth-century architecture with plenty of cultural diversions and a vibrant café scene. at the northern end of the adriatic coast, the peninsula of istria contains many of the country's most developed resorts, with old venetian towns like rovinj rubbing shoulders with the raffish port of pula. 
further south lies dalmatia, a dramatic, mountain-fringed stretch of coastline studded with islands. dalmatia's main towns are zadar, an italianate peninsula town, and split, an ancient roman settlement and modern port which provides a jumping-off point to a series of enchanting islands. it's on brac, hvar, vis and korcula that you'll find the best of the beaches, as well as some lively fishing villages. 
south of split lies the medieval walled city of dubrovnik, site of an important festival in the summer and a magical place to be, whatever the season. 
the adriatic coast, with its 1185 islands, islets and reefs is considered to be one of the most impressive coastlines in europe. finding a satisfactory way to explore this ravishing two thousand kilometers coastline in one holiday is impossible. sorry, you will have to come back again ;-) 
croatia is blessed with truly most glorious coastline which has miraculously escaped the over-development of some other mediterranean holiday destinations.
if you think life has become too hectic and commercialized regain your tranquility in croatia. relax in superb unspoiled scenery, bathe in unpolluted waters and enjoy the healthy range of locally sourced and naturally produced food. welcome to croatia!


latest articles:
subspace hostel with space pods opens in zagrebgrape and wine festival on brac islandfishing offices in croatiaitaly to croatia ferry changes
splitbrac islandferries from venice to croatiapula


latest topics:
zadar to rovinj best way to traveltrieste to rovinj ferry or bus the best way to gobest way to travel to dubrovnik, split, venicevenice or pula to zadar ferries


forum
croatia travel blog
about
contact
get social
facebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest



croatia travel guide is © since 2004 www.find-croatia.com all rights reserved. subscribe | archives | 















