





















































down syndrome research center










skip to main content


stanford university



down syndrome research center




stanford


down syndrome research center
 school of humanities and sciences






search









      menu
      

homeabout uspeopleadvisory boardmissionresearchresearch overviewongoing projectscommunitynewsclinicsvideo librarysupport our mission 














 


 






















main content start










rarely in basic or clinical research do we have the thrill of seeing results translated into therapies that transform lives. such an opportunity now exists within the stanford institute of neuro-innovation and translational neurosciences where critical discoveries in the laboratory are being translated into viable treatment strategies for patients and their families.





craig heller, phd, director


















 














2024 stanford down syndrome conferencevideo recording access:  $129 video recording linked to registered email addressfee payment: https://buy.stripe.com/biyewd5453og18y9ajmany thanks to our sponsors: the matthew foundation, silicon valley down syndrome network, and down syndrome connection of the bay area












 














we are excited to be planning for the 2025 summer program with expanded the number of days. this residential provides students with intellectual or developmental disabilities (idd) or neurodivergent students a taste of a college experience. there will be robust content  and useful learning and fun, social activities during the day. evenings will be filled with relaxed student-to-student interactions and experiences such as eating in a dining hall, living in a college dorm, and just hanging out with peers.dates (tentative): late june - early july 2025


















 















world down syndrome day celebration



a great day with self advocates and families as we celebrated a taiko drum performance and a sports day with stanford athletes.











2023 stanford down syndrome conference: adult and transition age topics



adult medical - peter bulova, director, adult down syndrome center, univ of pittsburgh/upmc; co-pi, alzheimer's biomarker consortium-down syndrome, pittmental health - dennis mcguire, 28 years of clinical experience, served over 6000 teens and adults; authored “mental wellness of adults with down syndrome"regression - jon santoro, nation's top expert on down syndrome regression disorder, assoc professor, neurology, keck school of medicine, usccollege, living, employment, legal options  - leadership from california state council on developmental disabilities, think college and self advocatesmany thanks to: svdsn, dscba, t21rs and the matthew foundation


















 















2022 down syndrome conference



download program and presentations 












 















importance, challenges, and latest interventions of sleep



rafael pelayo, md, president, california sleep society and clinical professor, psychiatry & behavioral sciences, stanford center for sleep sciences medicine
caroline okorie, md, mph, clinical assistant professor, pediatrics – pulmonary medicine, stanford school of medicine
download dr. pelayo's presentation
download dr. okorie's presentatation
 












 















dual diagnosis of down syndrome and autism



noemi spinazzi, co-chair, dsmig ds-autism dual diagnosis subcommittee and medical director, ucsf benioff children’s hospital oakland down syndrome clinic
teresa unnerstall, author of “a new course: a mother’s journey navigating down syndrome and autism”
please visit the matthew foundation website for the presentation slides.


















 















our mission



our mission is to help people with down syndrome lead healthier and happier lives by rapidly and effectively applying research discoveries to useful treatments.












 















down syndrome resources



families with a member with down syndrome face many challenges and have many questions.  we present on this website an extensive and curated collection of references, articles, blogs, news articles, and essays that will be valuable sources of information.












 















covid-19 information



question and answers (q&a) on covid-19 have been developed to help you support your loved one with down syndrome. these documents have been endorsed by all the united states down syndrome organizations, the jerome lejeune foundation, and trisomy 21 research society.








 
 

get involved! support activities for kids and adults with down syndromelearn about research studies email info_sdsrc [at] stanford.edu (info_sdsrc[at]stanford[dot]edu)



















contact
h. craig heller
stanford university
department of biology
371 jane stanford way
stanford, ca 94305
tel: +1 (650) 725-1827
email: info_sdsrc [at] stanford.edu (info_sdsrc[at]stanford[dot]edu)


affiliations
department of biology
stanford down syndrome clinic
the matthew foundation


giving
promote and support the
down syndrome research center

make a gift


sunet login




 

















  stanforduniversity





stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info


terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility



© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






