











welocalize | translation & localization for global businesses





















































welocalize
welocalize

welocalize logo



translationwelo dataindustries backlegal – law firmslegal – corporatemedical devicespharmacrotechnologymanufacturingentertainmentdelivery platform backopal-marketingabout us backcompanyexecutive teamcareerslocationsnewsroominsights backblogcase studyguidepodcastwebinarwhite paper



search...








open search interfaceclose search interface 

open menuclose menu 




contact



en

toggle en menu


简体中文françaisdeutschitaliano日本語español 







drive stronger business outcomes with
opal
fit-for-purpose global content delivers…



stronger engagement
higher conversion rates




increased revenues
reduced risk



to recognize these business outcomes, you need a service delivery platform supported by state-of-the-art ai technologies, configurable workflows and expert talent. you need opal.

watch opal video



featured press

welocalize, inc. were finalists in the ‘best use of ai in nlp and translation‘, ‘best use of ai in entertainment‘, ‘best use of ai for healthcare‘ and ‘best use of ai in legal tech‘ categories at the 2024 a.i. awards.

read more



welocalize’s groundbreaking platform, opal, has received the prestigious ‘best behavioral ai solution’ award at the 2024 ai breakthrough awards.

read more






improved customer engagement








every day, through localized content, you have the opportunity to improve customer engagement. better engagement is proven to drive stronger business outcomes.
recognize benefits that are:



fast
accelerates time to market


profitable
delivers business outcomes with tangible kpis


efficient
drives cost savings with advanced automation




easy
democratizes translations


comprehensive
supports multiple departments and content use cases












opal – an ai-enabled service delivery platform to amplify your global content.
opal is built on a digital foundation informed by 25+ years of enterprise language services leadership. opal uses machine translation engines, large language models, and natural language processing technology to rapidly automate translations at scale; fit-for-purpose workflows to streamline processing; and experts-in-the-loop to ensure the highest level of quality when your content use cases demand it.


| configurable
| modular
| fit-for-purpose
| configurable
| modular
| fit-for-purpose
| configurable





service delivery platform






					experience apps				




empower your content creators to get content translated quickly from within the native work surfaces they use every day—with opal’s experience apps.







					workflow apps				




benefit from fit-for-purpose workflow apps that govern the translation, review and approval processes related to specific content types and industries.







					connectors				




accelerate your time to value with opal’s pre-built connectors to your enterprise content systems.







					ai building blocks				




future-proof your global content strategy with modular ai building blocks that leverage the world’s most advanced foundational models.







					digital foundation				




capitalize on opal’s digital foundation that includes data pipes, intelligent rule engines and ai-enabled agents.







					experts				




enlist the help of opal’s global expert community for your highest value content.












get started with opal

explore opal 
discover what’s possible







explore how welocalize supports your use cases
welocalize’s solutions are purpose-built to address the specific content types and use cases within your business.









					sales & marketing				






marketing localization
website localization
transcreation
multilingual seo








					legal & compliance				





patent translation & filing
cross-border litigation translation
general corporate matters
compliance translation








					product & engineering				





product localization
software localization
testing








					learning & development				





voiceover (human & ai-generated)
e-learning localization
video localization & translation








					life sciences specialized				





linguistic validation
pharmacovigilance
clinical translation
instructions for use
labeling
regulatory documentation








					ai enablement				





llm model evaluation, selection & training
mt model training
ai ecosystem optimization








					welocalize data				





generative ai & llms
relevance & intent
data annotation & natural language solutions
data generation
bespoke workforce
computer vision










trusted by leading global enterprises
welocalize is a trusted partner to some of the world’s leading companies. explore some of their stories.













“you know the saying, ‘suppliers will give you what you ask for, but partners will give you what you need?’ that’s a very important distinction. that’s the environment we have created with welocalize. it’s been a very successful partnership for many years.”director, global translation team – dell



 

 





welocalize launches  to elevate ai training with high-quality, ethical data
welocalize is excited to introduce welo data, our new brand dedicated to providing high-quality, ethically sourced training data for ai development. this strategic move highlights our commitment to advancing ai innovation by addressing the increasing market demand for superior training data. 

read blog



technology news & insights















 podcast





					ai-powered loc for multilingual multimedia: podcast episode 13 with mandy morgan				




february 12, 2025



language industry expert mandy morgan discusses multimedia localization and using…

read more














3 minutes

 case study





					case study: high-volume translation for multinational investment bank				




february 10, 2025



ensuring secure and efficient financial translation workflows for a global…

read more








contact us to learn more

discover what’s possible













136 madison avenue
6th floor
new york, ny 10016 usa


							+1 212.581.8870						






translation 

welo data 

industries 

delivery platform 



about us 

insights 

security & compliance 





					sign up for the latest insights and thought leadership from welocalize
					










 






©2025 welocalize, inc. all rights reserved















