



	yachts and yachting online - sailing news as it happens

























	
            please select your home edition
        





 or 
                



edition 

sail-world asia
sail-world australia
sail-world canada
sail-world europe
sail-world new zealand
sail-world united kingdom
sail-world usa
yachtsandyachting.com
cruising northern hemisphere
cruising southern hemisphere
marine business europe
marine business north america
marine business oceania
powerboat.world europe
powerboat.world north america
powerboat.world oceania
fishingboating.world australia
fishingboating.world new zealand
fishingboating.world usa
nz boating world





















 show menu


homeparis 2024america's cupvendée globeeditorialcatamaransfavouritesclubsclassescalendarforumphotosvideospartnersclassifiedsjobsshoppingnewsletterssubmit newscontactstats




product featurezhik hybrid gear™ boats for saleilca 225637 with choice of riglocated in portlandkelt 707 - lift (swing) keel slooplocated in morstonk1 103located in portland






victory at zhik oxford blue for snipe
matthew wolstenholme and lloyd roberts win in 83-boat fleet


© tim olin / www.olinphoto.co.uk





jingkun xu finishes 30th
first chinese skipper to finish the vendée globe


© jean-louis carli / alea





emirates gbr's triumphant sailgp return
dylan fletcher helms british team to kpmg australia sail grand prix victory


© felix diemer for sailgp





super sunday in les sables d'olonne
vendée globe sunday 9th february update


© vincent curutchet / alea





emirates gbr wins kpmg australia sail grand prix
clinching the win in a nail-biting final in sydney


© jason ludlow for sailgp















blithfield barrel overall





blithfield barrel overall
woolly hats and balaclavas required for final races
this sunday marked the grand finale of the legendary blithfield barrel series, with round 4 drawing in 26 stalwarts, all braving a biting easterly wind. a steady 10 knots, gusting up to 17, swept across the dam, sending the wind chill plummeting.
by alastair reid
posted 18 feb 19:48 gmt



zhik announces new partnership





zhik announces new partnership
official clothing partner to norddeutscher regatta verein
zhik, the pioneering australian water sport brand, is teaming up with the norddeutscher regatta verein (nrv) for the 2025 season, bringing cutting-edge performance gear to one of europe's most prestigious sailing clubs.
by zhik
posted 18 feb 17:00 gmt



phantom double delight





phantom double delight
two boats lined up for the rya dinghy and watersports show
the phantom class association is delighted to be attending the rya dinghy and watersports show in a few days time. this year on stand 59 we are proudly displaying a double delight, two phantoms to feast your eyes on!
by mike webster
posted 18 feb 15:55 gmt



victory at zhik oxford blue puts snipe on the map





victory at zhik oxford blue puts snipe on the map
matthew wolstenholme and lloyd roberts win in 83-boat handicap fleet
matthew wolstenholme and lloyd roberts sailed their snipe to victory at the front of an 83-boat handicap fleet at last saturday's zhik oxford blue.
by andy rice
posted 18 feb 14:52 gmt



p&b set for expansion after acquisition





p&b set for expansion after acquisition
rhys rollitt and steve badham purchase the business from founder ian pinnell
p&b have been a familiar name in the marine world for over 30 years, leading the way in sail-making and more. to achieve further growth and keep the best possible service, the business has been purchased by rhys rollitt and steve badham.
by p&b
posted 18 feb 13:30 gmt



solo class prepare for dinghy show this weekend





solo class prepare for dinghy show this weekend
see one of the most tricked out solos for many years
the national solo class is super excited to welcome visitors to our stand (number 350, opposite the interactive area) at this weekends rya dinghy and watersports show at the farnborough international exhibition centre.
by guy mayger
posted 18 feb 12:28 gmt



jingkun xu finishes 30th in vendée globe





jingkun xu finishes 30th in vendée globe
first chinese skipper to finish the race
emerging jubilant from a cold final night at sea chinese skipper jingkun xu fulfilled a goal which has possessed him for many years when he crossed the finish line of the 10th edition of the vendée globe this tuesday morning at 0708 hrs.
by vendée globe media
posted 18 feb 10:15 gmt



northamptonshire youth series training





northamptonshire youth series training
second winter training session for young sailors at pitsford
last saturday cold and drizzly conditions with light wind was the scene for nine young sailors who met at northampton sc on pitsford reservoir. this was the second of three winter coaching events organised.
by wilf kunze
posted 18 feb 08:56 gmt



asc portland welcomes jon egging trust





asc portland welcomes jon egging trust
inspiring more young people and introducing them to sailing
asc portland recently welcomed young people from the jon egging trust to take part in a morning of activities and watersports focusing on leadership.
by andrew simpson foundation
posted 18 feb 08:04 gmt



rorc nelson's cup series ready to sparkle





rorc nelson's cup series ready to sparkle
the first day of racing will feature short course racing
racing with the royal ocean racing club in antigua kicks off at 1100 local time on tuesday 18th february.
by louay habib
posted 18 feb 06:23 gmt



p&b posh preview





p&b posh preview
paignton open for single handers will also host the fire nationals
paignton sailing club are pleased to announce that entries are now open for their 2025 posh regatta being held on the 10th and 11th may and this year is being sponsored by p&b.

by vanessa ripley
posted 17 feb 22:02 gmt



meteor wins prince henry the navigator trophy





meteor wins prince henry the navigator trophy
thirteen dragons competed in two exhilarating races in cascais
the 2nd cascais dragon winter series, combined with the prestigious prince henry the navigator trophy, started on friday february 14th under sunny skies and a steady 8-12 knot southeast wind.
by clube naval de cascais
posted 17 feb 19:52 gmt



ocean cruising club announces awards for 2024





ocean cruising club announces awards for 2024
the occ seamanship award recognizes exceptional skill or bravery at sea.
the ocean cruising club has announced the winners of its 2024 awards for sailing and voyaging accomplishments featuring its seamanship award to british vendée globe racer pip hare and the lifetime award to canadian victor wejer.
by ocean cruising club
posted 17 feb 19:25 gmt



oliver heer finishes 29th in vendée globe





oliver heer finishes 29th in vendée globe
swiss german solo racer fulfils a childhood dream
swiss german solo racer oliver heer fulfilled a childhood dream, one which he has harboured since growing up sailing as a youngster on lake zurich.
by vendée globe media
posted 17 feb 19:21 gmt



martin dugdale memorial race at snowflake sc





martin dugdale memorial race at snowflake sc
a heartfelt tribute to a beloved member of the club
sailors took to the water today for the annual martin dugdale memorial race, a heartfelt tribute to a beloved member of the snowflake sailing club. martin dugdale was a key figure in the club's history.
by alice palutikof & charlotte knight
posted 17 feb 18:40 gmt



rooster revive just got even better





rooster revive just got even better
more ways to reduce waste and keep your old gear out of landfill
we've teamed up with mindful manta, a uk-based company that transforms end-of-life wetsuits into stylish, eco-friendly accessories like bags, keyrings, and more. now you can recycle your old wetsuits and give them a second life!
by rooster
posted 17 feb 17:00 gmt



win a free boat charter and entry





win a free boat charter and entry
into the melges 15 european championships
visit the melges uk stand at the rya dinghy and watersports show and you could win your place at the inaugural melges 15 europeans with a race ready melges 15 to sail.
by melges uk
posted 17 feb 12:00 gmt



29er class at comunitat valenciana olympic week





29er class at comunitat valenciana olympic week
10th edition won by french duo
the real club náutico de valència (rcn valencia) concluded its participation in the 10th edition of the comunitat valenciana olympic week with a historic performance in the 29er class.
by international 29er class
posted 17 feb 10:21 gmt



44cup nanny cay overall





44cup nanny cay overall
charisma wrestles her way on top in season opener
in perfect conditions, brilliant sunshine and a 15-18 knot easterly to take the edge off the caribbean heat, the final day of racing at the 44cup nanny cay, run by pro maria torrijo and the royal bvi yacht club team, was also one of perfect symmetry.
by 44cup
posted 17 feb 09:08 gmt



sesca's 2025 season preview





sesca's 2025 season preview
sailing on lackford lake, 5 miles from bury st edmunds
the st edmundsbury sailing & canoeing association's 2025 season starts on saturday, 29 march at lackford lake, 5 miles nw of bury st edmunds.
by mike steele
posted 17 feb 08:33 gmt



35th palamós optimist trophy overall





35th palamós optimist trophy overall
italian jesper karlsen wins event, and spain wins the 19th nations cup
the italian jesper karlsen (fraglia vela riva) has been proclaimed absolute champion of the 35th palamós international optimist trophy and spain has revalidated the title as winner of the 19th nations cup.
by jaume soler
posted 17 feb 07:09 gmt



bembridge illusion valentine trophy





bembridge illusion valentine trophy
luckily, the tides were perfect for the weekend nearest 14th february
unsurprisingly the annual illusion weekend for the valentine's trophy is programmed for the weekend closest to valentine day that the tides will allow. fortunately this year, the tides where perfect for the weekend.
by mike samuelson
posted 16 feb 23:26 gmt



tenzor international cup stage 3 overall





tenzor international cup stage 3 overall
light winds mean only five races completed by the end of the final day
on the last race day of tenzor international cup 3rd leg regatta, the weather forecast was not favourable for racing with wind speed going down very fast.
by burak zengin
posted 16 feb 20:28 gmt



iom midland district series at lincoln round 10





iom midland district series at lincoln round 10
14 skippers enjoyed a steady easterly
another great day of racing at lincoln. 14 skippers arrived with a steady easterly blowing, oods mick and rob arrived early and the course was set on the south bank and was to be a perfect beat and run course that would certainly stretch our legs.
by mick chamberlain
posted 16 feb 20:06 gmt



the oldest footage of snipe sailing





the oldest footage of snipe sailing
a look back into our video archive, from 1937 to 1969
our video archive is fully searchable, and updated weekly with the latest sailing videos, but here we look back at early sailing in the snipe class. we have footage from the thirties to the sixties for you to enjoy.
by magnus smith
posted 16 feb 18:00 gmt



register for 2025 antigua classic yacht regatta





register for 2025 antigua classic yacht regatta
beat the deadline and save before the march 1st increase
registration fees for the 2025 antigua classic yacht regatta increase on march 1st. save yourself some money by registering and completing your payment by february, 28th before the rates go up!
by antigua classic yacht regatta
posted 16 feb 17:19 gmt



ilca's path to a sustainable future





ilca's path to a sustainable future
as the world evolves, so must the class
the original innovative design and construction techniques of the ilca dinghy have endured through the decades, with over 227,000 boats built, allowing us to race with the same boat our parents used when they were our age.
by the ilca technical team
posted 16 feb 14:00 gmt



35th palamós optimist trophy day 3





35th palamós optimist trophy day 3
all open for the last day of the 35th palamós optimist trophy-19 nations cup
the 35th palamós international optimist trophy-19 nations cup will be decided on the last day after the first five classified with only 3 points difference between them after three races held.
by jaume soler
posted 16 feb 13:23 gmt



eurosaf academy hosts iqfoil youth clinic





eurosaf academy hosts iqfoil youth clinic
led by four-time world champion nicolas schreier and designed for young athletes
the eurosaf academy is happy to announce the upcoming iqfoil youth clinic from april 14th to 19th, 2025, at its facility in los alcázares, murcia, spain.
by eurosaf
posted 16 feb 13:10 gmt



18ft skiff club championship race 12





18ft skiff club championship race 12
another outstanding victory from the rag & famish hotel team
another outstanding victory by the recently-crowned australian 18ft skiff champion rag & famish hotel team on sydney harbour has sealed australian 18 footers league club championship for the highly-talented trio of harry price, max paul and finn rodowicz
by frank quealey
posted 16 feb 10:05 gmt



ovington boats at rya dinghy & watersports show





ovington boats at rya dinghy & watersports show
see the vx two and the new ilca carbon tillers
on the stand we have the vx two (an
exciting new two-person hiking skiff), the olympic gold medal winning ovington ilca, the
29er and a new-to-ovington finn.
by ovington boats
posted 16 feb 09:00 gmt



44cup nanny cay day 3





44cup nanny cay day 3
team nika's day in the sun
after an average day on friday at the 44cup nanny cay, which left them fifth overall, the 2024 44cup champions, vladimir prosikhin's team nika, recovered their mojo today on st francis drake channel.
by 44cup
posted 15 feb 23:55 gmt



lanzarote international regatta day 1





lanzarote international regatta day 1
pole position for buksak and glogowski in 49ers
the 49er fleet enjoyed spectacular conditions for the opening day of racing at the lanzarote international regatta, which is taking place out of marina rubicón in the south of the canary island from 15 to 23 february.
by andy rice
posted 15 feb 19:30 gmt



tenzor international cup stage 3 day 2





tenzor international cup stage 3 day 2
wind finally alows regatta to begin
after a race-free first day, due to insufficient wind, the second day of tenzor international cup - j/70 open winter series 2024-2025 leg 3 regatta got going in close and exciting action. 17 teams successfully sailed four races.
by burak zengin
posted 15 feb 19:18 gmt



finn class at cannes international week





finn class at cannes international week
the absent are always wrong
as every year just before valentine's day, finn lovers have just met in cannes for the cannes international week, one of the most attractive and popular regattas of the season.
by jean françois cutugno
posted 15 feb 16:53 gmt



ice and snow sailing worlds concludes





ice and snow sailing worlds concludes
kite event took place on the beautiful lake mendota
after a two-year hiatus, the international kiteboarding association (ika) made a spectacular return to the ice at the 2025 world ice and snow sailing championships, held jointly with the world ice and snow sailing association (wissa) for the first time.
by international kiteboarding association
posted 15 feb 16:41 gmt



clipper race returns to its roots





clipper race returns to its roots
to find next batch of ocean adventurers
at 58 years old, plymouth-based advanced clinical practitioner loveday fethney is proving that adventure knows no age limit.
by clipper race
posted 15 feb 11:12 gmt



top rigging and hardware picks





top rigging and hardware picks
refresh your rigging and explore the latest tech at the rya dinghy & watersports show
as the new season beckons, there's no better time to refresh your sailing staples - and with over 170 exhibitors at the 2025 rya dinghy & watersports show (22-23 february) you're sure to find all the hardware you need from your favourite marine brands.
by rya dinghy & watersports show
posted 15 feb 09:00 gmt



race the best





race the best
international moth class is returning to the rya dinghy & watersports show
after a decade or so's absence the international moth class association is returning to the dinghy show. exhibiting under the theme 'race the best' the class aim to dispel some of the misconceptions.
by andrew friend
posted 15 feb 07:53 gmt



44cup nanny cay day 2





44cup nanny cay day 2
big breeze and yee-haw conditions
after the opening day of rc44 competition in the british virgin islands was lost to excess winds, the breezy relentless easterly trade winds abated enough on day two to permit three races to be sailed in winds ranging from 18 to 28 knots.
by 44cup
posted 15 feb 03:20 gmt



the 2026 j24 worlds announces title sponsor





the 2026 j24 worlds announces title sponsor
peerless industrial systems support the event in melbourne, ausutralia
the 2026 j24 world championship is being held at the iconic sandringham yacht club in melbourne from the 4 - 11th november. the organising committee is excited and proud to announce the confirmation of our title sponsor, peerless industrial systems.
by simon grain
posted 15 feb 00:50 gmt



35th palamós optimist trophy day 2





35th palamós optimist trophy day 2
italian jesper karlsen is the new leader
on the second day of the palamós optmist trophy the wind has been the protagonist again, and after a first postponement on land, after noon the fleet went to sea where they were waiting for the entry of a light breeze of between 5 and 6 knots.
by jaume soler
posted 14 feb 19:50 gmt



df95 winter series event 5 at east kent rsc





df95 winter series event 5 at east kent rsc
a biting north-easterly breeze at the top of 'a' rig range
nine ekrsc members braved a biting breeze at the top of a rig range. ralph wilkinson kept warm hands by running the racing. mike brand, adrian tomlinson then peter jackson started with a win each and shared the other podium places.
by peter jackson
posted 14 feb 18:01 gmt



entries open for j cup 2025





entries open for j cup 2025
roses are red, the ocean is blue, the j-cup is calling, and waiting for you!
this valentine's day, we're spreading the love - for sailing, competition, and good times - because the notice of race is out, and entries are now open for the 2025 j-cup!
by key yachting
posted 14 feb 17:42 gmt



sunsail's funding the future returns for 2025





sunsail's funding the future returns for 2025
live announcement scheduled for the rya dinghy and watersports show
sunsail to mark the opening of its grassroots funding initiative with a live announcement at the rya dinghy and watersports show 23 february 2025, at 13:00, on the sunsail main stage.
by sunsail
posted 14 feb 16:27 gmt



blackwater sc celebrates excellence





blackwater sc celebrates excellence
three members honoured in the east anglian maritime awards scheme
the blackwater sailing club (bsc) is proud to announce that three of its members have been honoured in the east anglian maritime awards scheme (eama); jess haigh and lucy shelter in the proficiency category and steve jarred awarded the young at heart.
by gay ayton
posted 14 feb 15:57 gmt



gill xtremity 420 and 470 winter championships





gill xtremity 420 and 470 winter championships
weymouth delivers a true test of skill and endurance
the 420 and 470 classes gathered at the weymouth and portland national sailing academy for an exciting winter championships. the competition, which saw a strong turnout, showcased impressive sailing providing a true test of skill and endurance.
by trish carter
posted 14 feb 15:12 gmt



rya n. ireland launch sailing team website





rya n. ireland launch sailing team website
proud to support sailors from northern ireland
rya northern ireland is pleased to announce the launch a new website specifically dedicated to the northern ireland sailing team.
by rya northern ireland
posted 14 feb 14:46 gmt




zhik announces new partnershipzhik, the pioneering australian water sport brand, is teaming up with the norddeutscher regatta verein (nrv) for the 2025 season, bringing cutting-edge performance gear to one of europe's most prestigious sailing clubs.the engine roomwithout them we are lost. this is not about the tiny little room under the companionway stairs. rather, it is about the things aloft both ahead and behind the stick.yes. the rags. only, they are anything but for wiping up spills. they are supreme tech.rooster revive just got even betterwe've teamed up with mindful manta, a uk-based company that transforms end-of-life wetsuits into stylish, eco-friendly accessories like bags, keyrings, and more. now you can recycle your old wetsuits and give them a second life!sailgp: controversial call? late umpire decision?the kpmg australia sail grand prix provided us with thrilling racing, but arguably the most contentious moment was when the australian sailgp team were awarded a penalty in the pre-start when they were luffed by the canadian northstar sailgp team.win a free boat charter and entryvisit the melges uk stand at the rya dinghy and watersports show and you could win your place at the inaugural melges 15 europeans with a race ready melges 15 to sail.slingsby's sailgp starting masterclassthe reaching starts in sailgp make for entertaining viewing and, with just 400 metres until the first mark bear away, they are often critical to a race result.ovington boats at rya dinghy & watersports showon the stand we have the vx two (an
exciting new two-person hiking skiff), the olympic gold medal winning ovington ilca, the
29er and a new-to-ovington finn.j/40 boat tour at boot düsseldorfmark jardine, managing editor of sail-world.com and yachtsandyachting.com took a tour around the j/40 during boot düsseldorf 2025 with frédéric bouvier from j/composites.top rigging and hardware picksas the new season beckons, there's no better time to refresh your sailing staples - and with over 170 exhibitors at the 2025 rya dinghy & watersports show (22-23 february) you're sure to find all the hardware you need from your favourite marine brands.the good, the bad and the uglyif ever i needed a reminder of how varied the sport of sailing is, the past fortnight has provided it. we've seen the whole spectrum of goings on, from the superb in the vendée globe, to the baffling with the british america's cup team.win an rs aero 6 or rooster kit bundle!haven knox-johnston, in partnership with rs sailing and rooster, are delighted to support the andrew simpson foundation in raising funds, by raffling off two spectacular dinghy sailing prize bundles.freight train runningback at the beginning of november 2024 in 'when diminutive is massive' we warned fellow mariners in the atlantic and southern oceans, then the tasman sea that first light may resemble more of a freight train on her delivery to australia than a class 40.emirates team gbr triumphs in sydneysydney harbour is one of the great sailing venues in the world, and when sailgp comes to town, there is bound to be thrilling action on the water.small boats at boot düsseldorf!hall 15 at boot düsseldorf has some really interesting small boats, so mark jardine took a look around to see what he could find...rya dinghy & watersports show full speaker line upan incredible line-up of some of the biggest and best-loved names in the small boat sailing and watersports world have now been confirmed.so much more than records and statisticsthe way the vendée globe record was demolished was astounding. armel le cléac'h's mark of 74 days, 3 hours, 36 minutes had stood for eight years, with the 2020-21 winner of the race, yannick bestaven, taking just over 6 days longer to complete the course.
































	
            copyright 2025 yy online services ltd. registered in england no. 7895890 
            

terms & conditions | privacy policy






