



home › st. johns bank & trust




















  
 






home
skip to main content
skip to footer



      download acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
   











please be aware: st. johns bank will never call or text you and ask for any of your personal account information. if a call seems suspicious, please hang up and call us directly.

close alert










fdic logo








fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government







st. johns bank & trust











close menu


personal


checking

savings

lending

mortgages

home equity

debit/credit cards



business


checking

money market

lending

cash management

merchant services

re$ubmitit®

debit/credit cards



services


digital banking

teleconnect

overdraft protection

bank properties for sale

bill pay

calculators

college center

safe deposit boxes

faqs



connect


our story

locations

contact us

careers

news










menu
close




search


close



loginclose








close login

welcome back!log in to your account.


username









forgot password
enroll




close search

 what can we help you find?


search


start site search






st. johns bank & trust

this slideshow visually displays up to three slides one at a time. the carousel is set to autoplay a different slide every eight seconds. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use play/pause button, slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the hero section
















5 month cd special
4.00% apy*
$10,000 minimum
deposit rates
*minimum opening deposit of $10,000 with at least 50% of the funds not already on deposit with st. johns bank. cd is automatically renewed for the same term, and the renewal rate for the 5-month term will be based on the 6-month cd board rate in effect at time of maturity. this offer is subject to cancellation without notice. 3-month interest penalty for early withdrawal of funds. annual percentage yield (apy).



















security
protect yourself from fraud!
visit our security center for more information.

security center



















automobile loan
do you and your favorite pooch need a new ride?
finance with us and get great rates and 90 days with no payment.

apply online











play/pause












hello
welcome to st. johns bank & trust

st. johns bank is a locally owned, community-oriented bank serving individuals and businesses in northwestern st. louis and st. charles counties







this slideshow visually displays up to six slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the quicklinks section








contact us
we’re here to help. send a message and a team member will get back to you.

send a message





locations & hours
find our hours and locate a branch or atm near you. 


branch details











help center
we’ve compiled a list of frequently asked questions to help serve you.


get answers






rates
view current rates when planning for your next financial move.


explore rates






security
identity theft can target anyone – stay safe with these simple guidelines.


security education






















digital banking
transforming your digital banking experience from desktop, tablet and mobile devices.
conveniently manage your accounts from our online banking or mobile app.
explore digital solutions








this slideshow visually displays up to three slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past this ad section












digital banking

your banking experience just got even better.


explore banking from your desktop, tablet, or
mobile device with online banking or our mobile app.
explore digital solutions













mortgages
house hunting? refinancing? start with st. johns bank.


we offer a variety of loan options to meet your unique needs. contact joanne miller at (314) 428-1059 ext. 3923 or fill out our online mortgage application.














personal visa debit card
offering the convenience of cash with the security of visa.


your visa debit card does everything an atm card can do plus it allows you to purchase goods and services worldwide.
order your card today







play/pause












stay in touch




to help stay informed, just provide a few quick details about yourself and st. johns bank & trust will handle the rest.




sign up











close newsletter signup

















subscribe.




leave me blank for newsletter sign up.




first name * (newsletter signup)



last name * (newsletter signup)



email address * (newsletter signup)









enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer






sign up
                          



there was an error submitting the form.



noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location.









thank you!

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest.

got it
















why bank with st. johns bank & trust?

because we’re committed to the success of our community and the people, businesses, and relationships that build it. offering educational opportunities to help you prosper.











money made simple





you’ve probably heard, “neither a borrower nor a lender be,” but how do you say no when it’s family? here’s how you can say yes without risking your relationships.

money made simple







college center





at st. johns bank, we know how overwhelming it can be when you first start planning for college.

college center







life stages





we have a plan to get to where you want to be.

life stages














back to the top








st. johns bank & trust













connect


locations

contact us

careers



helpful links


lost or stolen card

reorder checks

faqs



disclaimers


privacy policy

terms of use

usa patriot act

security center












facebook
linkedin
twitter



©  st. johns bank & trust
member fdic
 equal housing lender
created by banno






read more on our accessibility statement








 