



home - university of northern colorado
































jump to main content









request information



give
visit
apply








menu




apply
visit
request information
give
admissions


getting started

first-year
transfer
graduate
international
extended campus



costs and aid

costs
financial aid



a closer look

visit campus
virtual tour
orientation
apply




academics



academic overview
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
departments and colleges
education abroad
catalog




schedule of classes
bookstore
research
library
career readiness




student experience



living on campus

campus recreation
entertainment
fraternities and sororities




student resources and support
safety
clubs and organizations
graduate student association




 arts

the arts at unc
arts calendar
buy tickets
galleries


athletics
alumni

unc alumni association
alumni outcomes and success
career and employer connections
commencement
giving to unc


for you

admitted undergraduate students
admitted graduate students
current students
faculty and staff
parents, friends and mentors


about



unc overview
a students first university
mission and vision
university leadership
becoming a hispanic serving institution




contact us
find people
campus map
greeley, co
news and events








directories, find people, search site


a-z index
find people
office directory
departments
acronyms
calendar





















north of the norm.
at unc,  you can see the world through your own lens, learn at your own pace and move
                        to the beat of your own drum. it's about finding success in the quality of the journey,
                        not just in the destination. as a public, doctoral research university, we offer more
                        than 200 undergraduate and graduate programs online and on-campus to help you pursue
                        your goals and dreams. 


explore our programs of study







                  						your browser does not support this html5 video.
                  					










affordable, accessible education
we are committed to your academic success while keeping costs accessible and affordable.
                           in addition to offering lower-than-average tuition across universities in colorado,
                           we offer several aid programs to help students achieve their academic goals and graduate
                           with as little debt as possible.
tuition and costs





#1
unc has the lowest debt at graduation among similar four year universities in colorado.




96%
percentage of students who receive some type of financial aid or scholarships.




700+
over 700 scholarships are available to students every academic year.








colorado first year admission guarantee
with more than 40% of our students identifying as first in their families to attend
                           college, we understand how stressful the college search process can be. our first-year
                           admission guarantee for colorado residents removes the guesswork from knowing whether
                           unc is the best choice and fit for you. 
fast track your acceptance








attend an event
see events


take a tour
schedule tour


apply now
get started









unc's proposed college of osteopathic medicine
lawmakers recently approved hb24-1231, a bill that will fund unc's proposed college
                              of osteopathic medicine. the strategic initiative to help address colorado's critical
                              shortage of physicians will enroll 150 medical students annually, with an inaugural
                              class anticipated to start as early as fall 2026.
learn more about the new college







colorado's newest hispanic-serving institution
unc is now an official hispanic serving institution (hsi) after working towards this
                              historic milestone for several years. this federal designation will be instrumental
                              in paving the way for improving student success, ensuring equitable outcomes and eliminating
                              disparities.
discover how hsi status will impact unc







fulbright award semifinalists
two graduating seniors, pennie nichol and jenna mischke, were named semifinalists for the 2024-25 fulbright u.s. student program, one of the
                              most prestigious international academic exchange programs in the world. congratulations!
learn about this global recognition





previous slide
next slide







90
%classes taught by faculty
90% of all undergraduate classes are taught exclusively by faculty


91
%students are employed
or in graduate school, or in a volunteer or service role within six months of graduation


#
1in social mobility
in colorado by collegenet's social mobility index, 2021








proud to call greeley home!
located between the mighty rocky mountains and and wide-open grasslands, we’re proud to call greeley our home. welcoming, authentic
                     and just the right size, we love it, and we know you’ll love it too. find your passion here and determine what your story will be. visit usexplore greeley




take advantage of free application days!
to inspire more future students to earn a college degree, university of northern colorado
                     is excited to host free app days on october 1, december 1, february 1, and april 1
                     each year.learn more about free app days




unc's tuition promise
to better support students and keep a college degree well within reach, the university offers the tuition promise program that covers tuition and fees for
                        eligible undergraduate colorado students.
learn how the tuition promise works






true north news

turning a new leaf with composting


forging art and community: the maxine and don schwartz foundry
the phelps family legacy is all about paying it forward
building champions garners global support and empowers student-athletes



read more unc news




events  commencement fair february 19 | 2 p.m. - 5 p.m. the commencement fair - also known as grad fair - is your opportunity to make sure you’re ready for the may commencement ceremonies. apply for graduation and check how your name will appear in the ceremony program. learn about applying to be a student speaker at your ceremony. you can also rent your cap and gown, purchase class rings and design your graduation announcements.grab some treats, enter some fun prizes, and take a fun photo in your cap and gown all in one place!this is an open house fair, so stop by when it works for you. see details commencement fair february 20 | 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. see details staff appreciation celebration march 06 | 11:30 a.m. - 1 p.m. see details honored alumni induction ceremony march 29 | 6 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. see detailsview full calendar








contact unc

	970-351-1890
	501 20th st.
	greeley, co 80639



social media











about unc

unc overview
awards & accolades
leadership
organizational chart
strategic plan 
accreditation
student consumer information
sustainability
accessibility statement



quicklinks

bookstore
campus map
course catalog
employment
give to unc
libraries
parking
safety
ursa
open records act




page last updated: today | contact for this page: webmaster


privacy policy
 |
affirmative action/equal employment opportunity/title ix policy & coordinator









feb 14, 2025


