




eddington house inn - bennington vermont bed and breakfast, bennington college lodging accommodations, north bennington village, vermont spa getaway,vt wine tasting dinner packages, bennington college visits

















the eddington house inn
a vermont bed & breakfast





home
rooms
rates & policies
availability/reservations
packages
directions
area attractions
contact us


























  trip advisor #1 bennington vermont bed and breakfast.  ... an easy walk to bennington college, restaurants & waterfalls.
  




 802-681-7636 




 
 
awarded best small b&ampb in vermont  
yankee magazine 2014 








trip advisor certificate of excellence 

boston globe oct 2014


 ny times - 36 hours 
fodor travel guide
"the best value in all of vermont" 
























the eddington house inn
21 main street 
north bennington village
bennington, vt 05257
802-681-7636
markjager78@gmail.com






































the eddington house inn, a boutique bed and breakfast, is nestled in the 
    heart of north bennington village in scenic southern vermont. built in 1857,
    the eddington house inn bed and breakfast has been elegantly restored and offers
three light-filled suites with private baths; beautiful gardens and a charming north bennington village location. 
traditional elegance & modern amenities

the eddington house inn is known for its simple elegance and attention to detail. suites offer a comfortable queen sized bed with 100% cotton linens,
a beautifully renovated private bath, separate sitting room, windows that open to enjoy that fresh vermont air, an electric fireplace and 
wireless internet access.   

walk to bennington college & village dining

within walking distance to bennington college and north bennington village award 
winning dining, the inn's proximity to bennington's covered bridges, museums,
galleries, shopping and the green mountains makes the eddington house inn bed
and breakfast the perfect place for a southern vermont getaway.  gift certificates are 
available year-round. email us
vermont getaway packages for every season

pamper yourself with our relax and unwind southern vermont spa package .
enjoy world class dining with our culinary delights- 5 course wine pairing dinner package. take 
advantage of the great outdoors with a bicycle bennington package or a
southern vermont cross country ski - snowshoe package.  reserve our entire north 
bennington bed and breakfast for a family reunion or  vermont girl's getaway. 

conveniently located in southern vermont

the eddington house bed and breakfast is located in north bennington village in southwestern vermont,
 3 hours from manhattan or boston, 
 a 50 minute drive from  albany (ny)international airport and 
 10 minutes from downtown bennington, vermont.        

our guests say it best:
"a lovely inn, gracious hospitality and delicious breakfast."
"thanks for pampering us."
"your breakfast was "the best" we have had on our travels." 
"what a peaceful oasis we found here....soothing, calm and lovely."
"thanks so much for anticipating everything i need - and providing it."  
"the bed is one of the most comfortable ever."  
"breakfast equaled the finest hotels in europe in taste and presentation."  
"you thought of every detail. thank you.  great bed, food and company."
"we were looking for peace, beauty, tranquility and found it at the eddington house." 
 

 











sign up for our newsletter





























eddington house inn






















home
rooms
rates & policies
availability/reservations
packages
directions
area attractions
contact us



 






the eddington house inn • 21 main street - p.o. box 152 • north bennington, vt 05257
802-681-7636 • markjager78@gmail.com




