





karl e. peterson's classic vb code












   	classicvb.net - karl e. peterson


donations|
links|
feedback|
tips|
articles|
tools|
code samples|
news|
home












 



















welcome!

wow, time flies! our "new server" was put into service in 2004, and has 
  since been torn down as we abandoned it for a group of new virtual servers. 
  lots of fun! but this site hasn't been updated in quite awhile, i'm afraid.  
  hopefully, i'll find the motivation to get more done soon, other than this 
  transition to the new 2008r2 iis7.5 platform, sans fpse.
i'm afraid the proverbial "dust" still hasn't fully 
	settled on the "new design" either. wish i had more time to put into this. 
	hard to get as enthusiastic as once was possible, i'm afraid, given the 
	horrible destruction done. 
	seems that the general consensus is starting to swing, though, back towards 
	"maybe classic vb wasn't so bad after all."
	vsm has decided 
	there was enough latent interest still that, for awhile at any rate, they revived my old column! there are links to all of them over on the
	articles page, but here's the jumping off point to 
	them on the vsm site:


		classic vb corner  <<== new classic vb column!

i hate to report that i lost enthusiasm for continuing that effort, though. 
  i would be interested in doing more, if it didn't seem that most of what was 
  interesting hadn't already been reported. classic vb is a very mature 
  language. i think the most interesting avenues to pursue, would be tighter 
  integration into the windows 7 user interface. if anyone's been doing some 
  exciting work in that area, i'd love to hear about it!
the  code sample offerings have gone under the most redesign
  of all. whereas they used to be listed on a single page for all, you will
  now find a descriptive page for each! unfortunately, it's going to take a bit
  more time to get the descriptions updated for all those projects, so i've
  copied the old page over for your
  reference.
this site is totally devoted to classic visual basic, as millions once knew
  and loved it. this is a certifiably .net-free zone.


what's new


july 29, 2010

added the keystuff 
		code sample. shows how to stuff the keyboard buffer from a console 
		application. includes the full source code for a command line utility (cdw) 
		that you can use in place of cd to change directories using a browse for 
		folder dialog.


june 28, 2010

updated the uptime 
		code sample. added the capability to call openprocess against system 
		processes in vista and windows 7, by elevating to debug privileges in 
		the current process. also renames the cprocessinfo class to 
		cprocesstimes, as that seemed more accurate..


april 26, 2010

added the startupinfo 
		code sample. provides a drop-in ready class module of various startup 
		parameters requested by either the user or the calling process.
updated the stopwatch 
		code sample. added an actual test app that shows how to time a 
		hypothetical comparison between exponentiation and multiplication. plus, 
		another little demonstration of the (what i consider) the unreliabilty 
		of queryperformancecounter as an alternative to timegettime for 
		benchmarks.


april 2, 2010

updated the sendinput 
		code sample (again). found the need to add support for the altgr key, 
		which is supported natively by the operating system when it's using 
		certain (non-us) keyboard layouts.


march 10, 2010

added the memstatus 
		code sample. shows how to determine the total and available amounts of 
		installed physical memory, application virtual address space, and page 
		file swap space. also demonstrates how to go beyond the standard 2gb 
		win32 virtual address space limit in properly configured systems.


february 17, 2010

updated the console 
		code sample. the method used to determine launchmode, by looking for 
		known or suspected parent processes, was failing on x64 systems. fixed 
		that.



comprehensive updates list

odds and ends

here are a few offerings you won't find linked to in the main menus on this
	site, but that i'd like to make sure you were aware of regardless.

hardcore visual basic, by bruce mckinney
when microsoft decided to drop bruce's classic tome from msdn, i quickly offered to host it here at
		mvps.org and, against what i considered all odds, they agreed. i'm glad we
		could save this one, and make it available to everyone from here onward.
		more recently, this site assumed the honor of hosting the
		end of hardcore visual basic, a fond farewell to
		what was.
		
 
visual basic 4 how-to
several of us put  together this little tome in 1994-95, during the
		world's longest beta. i don't believe there ever was a fully electronic
		copy suitable for online publishing, at least i never encountered one.
		while much of the text is now somewhat obsolete, the code may still
		contain a few tricks. 
		
 
site statistics
call it vain, or whatever. in case you care, here are a few stats taken
		over the years. i hope to provide a more up-to-date selection of frequent
		downloads once this new site stabilizes. 
		
 
those awful midis
okay, it took three (or more?) years, but i finally rolled out a
		new site that isn't a throwback to the 90s. if you actually miss those old
		pink floyd midi tunes, don't fret! they're still here. 
		
 


donations

after great agonizing, i have decided to plop a paypal
  donations button down on the bottom of every page here. the simple truth
  is, visual
  basic programmer's journal used to (unwittingly?) finance this site by
  commissioning  my articles on classic vb. sadly, that publication is no longer
  with us, and the one that's taken its place isn't much interested in the
  programming language you and i still use. so, long story-short, if i've saved
  you (or your boss!) a bundle of money with the code you've downloaded from
  here, and you're feeling generous (or you have access to the company credit
  card!), well, i'm not too proud to let you help me defray the time i spend
  building the samples offered here. thanks!







make a donation 
today, to support maintaining this libraryof classic vb code code and articles.








copyright ©1995-2025, 
karl e. peterson, all rights reserved worldwide.
nothing on this web site may be reproduced, in any form,
without express written permission.
complete licensing and redistribution information




