

















international chiropractors association | we are building a strong tomorrow for chiropractic worldwide.




















 


skip to main content






search for:

cancel


 





looking for member benefits?







my ica account






home
about

leadership
representative assembly
staff
history
mission & vision
values
policies
governing documents


membership
councils
events & programs

in-person
distance learning
past


news

latest updates
member spotlight
press releases


support ica

sponsorship
shop ica
chiro opportunity
our vip donors


advocacy

from the 117th congress:  h.r. 8701 chiropractic act of 2022
our efforts
ica legal defense fund 2021
ica political action committee
chiropractic candidates for office – 2022 election cycle
health freedom
ica’s medicare goals 2021
covid-19 resources


find a doc
join today
 












get the facts on medicare legislation for 2025
learn more about what chiropractic legislation is going before congress in 2025. 


click to learn more














ica 2025 annual convention
join us as we celebrate the 99th anniversary of the international chiropractors association in beautiful clearwater beach, florida, this coming april 2025. this special gathering is designed to bring ...

read more








ica president dr. selina sigafoose jackson travels to ix brazilian chiropractic congress
dr. sigafoose jackson stated, "i appreciate the invitation to be a presenter at the ix brazilian chiropractic congress.”

read more








chiropractic medicare on-demand webinar
on-demand webinar with chiropractic medicare experts dr. ron short and dr. david smith | free for ica members! medicare documentation on-demand webinar | free for ica members! join us for an exclusive...

read more








giving to support research through facts
december 20, 2021 (falls church, va) the foundation or the advancement of chiropractic tenets and science (facts) is the 501(c)(3) affiliated organization of the international ...

read more








the ica choice – december 2024
...

read more









previous










next













news & announcements





january 24, 2025
medicare legislation 2025 – get the facts




november 14, 2024
international chiropractors association congratulates robert f. kennedy, jr. on his selection as secretary of health and human services designee



november 13, 2024
the ica choice – december 2024



november 12, 2024
ica president dr. selina sigafoose jackson travels to ix brazilian chiropractic congress



view all news






featured



                                patient resources                            



                                advocacy efforts                            



                                events & programs                            



                                find a doc                            



                                our leadership                            



                                representative assembly                            










outstanding benefits for all















                                        find a doc                                    

                                        we're proud to have the best chiropractors in the world, and now you can quickly and easily find the best doctors near you.                                    
search our doctors














                                        chiro opportunity                                    

                                        from scholarship, preceptorship, and career opportunities, to equipment and practice sales, chiro opportunity is the perfect place to find what you're looking for.                                    
explore the opportunities














                                        events & education                                    

                                        join us for exciting in-person and online events, networking opportunities, and immersive continuing education programs.                                     
check out events











explore all member benefits








welcome to the international chiropractors association
the international chiropractors association (ica) is here to serve the chiropractic community worldwide.  established in 1926 in davenport, iowa, usa by dr. b.j. palmer, the ica is the world’s oldest international chiropractic professional organization representing practitioners, students, chiropractic assistants, educators and lay persons globally.  as the organization established by the ‘developer’ of chiropractic, ica is your voice to legislators and policymakers.  we work daily to protect and promote chiropractic as a  distinct health care profession predicated upon its unique science, art, and philosophy. we work with our colleagues across the health professions to promote policies and programs that tear down the long-standing barriers to access and parity in compensation. ica promotes the advancement of high quality chiropractic research to increase the evidence-base and expand the information our doctors can share about what science says.  the ica recognizes that the identification and correction of subluxations through the chiropractic adjustment is evidence based and evidence informed. we welcome all chiropractors to join the ica and be a part of the organization dr. b.j. palmer founded to carry on his legacy on promoting chiropractic.







meet our leadership
view our councils









                        our mission                    

                        working to advance chiropractic throughout the world as a distinct health care profession predicated upon its unique philosophy, science, and art.                    

                        learn more                    












                        our history                    

                        in our 96th year, the ica advocates and when necessary litigates to support the chiropractic profession and quality patient care.                    

                        explore our history                    










we are here for you
a global chiropractic network for a stronger tomorrow.
chiropractic as a profession was established by dr. d. d. palmer in 1895.  in 129 years, we have grown from one individual to over 107,000 worldwide.  that growth happened in large part because of the efforts of dr. b.j. palmer and his wisdom in organizing the ica. we are stronger together, able to accomplish more together, so that one day we will reach the goal of having chiropractic available in an equitable fashion in every country and community worldwide.
wherever you are in your chiropractic career, ica is here for you!  we work everyday to protect and promote chiropractic.  we collaborate with our chiropractic colleagues and across the health professions on policies and programs that improve your ability to serve your community.










                            50+                        

                            countries with ica members                        





                            98                        

                            years strong                        





                            6                        

                            post graduate councils                        








we serve you















                                        students                                    

                                        being a student ica member brings with it opportunities to network, engage in your profession, access programs of special interest, advocate, and have access to resources to kick-start your career.  many of ica's directors joined the ica while in school and have remained active throughout their career!                                    
learn more














                                        doctors                                    

                                        reach your full potential as a chiropractor with these helpful practice tools and resources.                                    
learn more














                                        patients and prospective patients                                    

                                        learn more about the benefits of chiropractic care.                                    
learn more











become a part of something greater
ica – a leading voice for chiropractic yesterday, today, and tomorrow.














                                        support our political action committee                                    

                                        your support of the ica political action committee is integral to achieving legislative and policy goals.                                     
pledge your support













                                        learn about our advocacy efforts                                    

                                        ica educates legislators and policy makers at all levels of government about the importance of chiropractic care and the need to the elimination of barriers to access.                                    
learn more













                                        join one of our post-graduate councils                                    

                                        our six post-graduate  councils bring great opportunities for advanced learning in six key sectors - fitness and sports health; pediatrics, upper cervical care; applied chiropractic sciences, evidence-based and lifestyle; and chiropractic philosophy.                                    
find your council













                                        attend an educational or networking event                                    

                                        continuing education, leadership seminars, hands-on workshops; and online programing.                                      
view our schedule












we’d like to thank our sponsors!







mlily usa and canada


king koil china


australia, new zealand, fiji, and papua new guinea


hong kong








our affiliated state associations!



























chiropractors around the world trust the ica













las vegas, nv
jason o. jaeger, dc




as a healthcare professional it’s important that we have a strong national and international association that honors and protects the rights of chiropractors, their art, science and philosophy. for me, the science evidence and ethics are paramount. ica has been the sponsor for radiology and chiropractic practice best practices guidelines. it offers diplomates in multiple specialty types including my board certification in chiropractic biophysics.









clearwater, fl
julie mayer hunt, dc, diccp, fccjp




i joined the ica shortly after graduating in 1981 and i have been grateful for an international chiropractic organization that supports the core of chiropractic – subluxation based care. i am a firm believer of the interference free model of health and i am part of my father’s practice of 60 years of miraculous healing with that model. it is critical to me to have an organization who supports that foundational core and will continue to grow that opportunity for our patients and family for full health expression.












hear from more members










click here or scan qr code to go to donation page












read the latest updates




january 24, 2025
medicare legislation 2025 – get the facts
by beth clay


november 14, 2024
international chiropractors association congratulates robert f. kennedy, jr. on his selection as secretary of health and human services designee
by beth clay


november 13, 2024
the ica choice – december 2024
by taylor carter







stay informed
get the latest chiropractic news, events, and more.


enter your email address



subscribe


by subscribing to our newsletter, you accept our privacy policy.













we are building a strong tomorrow for chiropractic worldwide.






ica members
member benefits
store
leadership
representative assembly
my ica account
join today
 

information
history
our values
advocacy
councils
events & programs
sponsors
 

contact us
6400 arlington blvd, 650
falls church, va 22042
info@chiropractic.org
703-528-5000









contact us
privacy policy

 
© 2025 international chiropractors association. all rights reserved.


















 



facebook




twitter









linkedin












