





        chortle : the uk comedy guide





































































comedy news


comedians


on tour


features 


awards


book reviews


reviews


coming soon


opinion pieces


features


interviews


perfect playlist


unforgettable five


punching up




mailing list


contact


















find live comedy

where?
england

                                        all london                                

                                                  london  -  central                                        

                                                  london  -  north                                        

                                                  london  -  south                                        

                                                  london  -  east                                        

                                                  london  -  west                                        

                                        north east                                

                                        all north west                                

                                                  north west  -  greater manchester                                        

                                                  north west  -  liverpool                                        

                                        all midlands                                

                                                  midlands  -  west midlands                                        

                                                  midlands  -  east midlands                                        

                                        yorkshire                                

                                        the east                                

                                        all south east                                

                                                  south east  -  surrey, kent and sussex                                        

                                                  south east  -  hants, dorset and wiltshire                                        

                                                  south east  -  south midlands                                        

                                        south west                                
wales
scotland
northern ireland
republic of ireland
channel islands


when?

                    yesterday
                
today
wednesday, 19th february
thursday, 20th february
friday, 21st february
saturday, 22nd february
sunday, 23rd february
monday, 24th february
tuesday, 25th february
wednesday, 26th february
thursday, 27th february
friday, 28th february
saturday, 1st march
sunday, 2nd march
monday, 3rd march
tuesday, 4th march
wednesday, 5th march
thursday, 6th march
friday, 7th march
saturday, 8th march
sunday, 9th march
monday, 10th march
tuesday, 11th march
wednesday, 12th march
thursday, 13th march
friday, 14th march
saturday, 15th march
sunday, 16th march
monday, 17th march
tuesday, 18th march
wednesday, 19th march
thursday, 20th march
friday, 21st march
saturday, 22nd march
sunday, 23rd march
monday, 24th march
tuesday, 25th march
wednesday, 26th march
thursday, 27th march
friday, 28th march
saturday, 29th march
sunday, 30th march
monday, 31st march
tuesday, 1st april
wednesday, 2nd april
thursday, 3rd april
friday, 4th april
saturday, 5th april
sunday, 6th april
monday, 7th april
tuesday, 8th april
wednesday, 9th april
thursday, 10th april
friday, 11th april
saturday, 12th april
sunday, 13th april
monday, 14th april
tuesday, 15th april
wednesday, 16th april
thursday, 17th april
friday, 18th april
saturday, 19th april
sunday, 20th april
monday, 21st april

find gigs

add a listing

           live comedy in  london |
manchester |
            scotland

























dave gorman show dropped over gregg wallace material

modern life is goodish episode revolved around the 'cancelled' masterchef host

dave gorman has been forced to drop an episode of his modern life is goodish comeback…














uk dates for wanda sykes, sarah silverman and mark normand

american stand-ups wanda sykes, sarah silveman and…










james acaster signs up for a cookery show

james acaster had a famously tough time on celebrity…










gavin & stacey named comedy of the year

it’s already shattered viewing records, now the …










new documentary follows comedians in palestine

a new documentary film reveals how palestinian stand-ups…










the chief is back... and so is rhona cameron

our pick of the comedy on tv, radio and streaming this…










this comic sent out loads of messages in bottles... now he'll reveal what came back

the best of the week's live comedy, picked from…










terry jones statue appeal hits its target

the campaign to erect a statue of terry jones in his seaside hometown of colwyn bay…



katherine ryan and jason manford join sky's tinsel town movie

comedians jason manford, asim chaudhry, mawaan rizwan and katherine ryan have joined…



peter kay tribute act simon mark dies unexpectedly

peter kay tribute act simon mark has died unexpectedly in his sleep, leaving his…



alan carr's looking for geniuses

alan carr is to front a new channel 4 reality show seeking to uncover ‘the…



mitchell and webb are back

david mitchell and robert webb are returning to channel 4 with a new sketch show.

the…



village people vs jim jefferies

the village people are threatening to sue jim jefferies for daring to suggest that…

more comedy news







tour news




just announced






 tim minchin: songs the world will never hear



just announced






 two pints with will mellor and ralf little



just announced






 jen brister: reactive



just announced






 josh jones: i haven’t won the lottery so here’s another tour show


200 comedy tours




features










what is stand-up jimeoin’s surname?

test your comedy knowledge with our weekly multiple-choice trivia quiz, compiled –…








in which film did richard ayoade play a killer droid?

test your comedy knowledge with our weekly multiple-choice trivia quiz, compiled –…








chortle hotshots: see who performed in london

here are extracts from the sets of the comedians who took part in the chortle hotshots…








comedy has a glass ceiling problem

if you’re a comedy fan you’ll have your own examples: comics you feel…

more comedy features




reviews












deirdre o’kane: o’kaning it








deirdre o’kane is one of those comedians who…










huge davies: album for my ancestors (dead)








huge davies’s third solo show – and…










the island with stephen mangan








the island is based on a wonderful, whimsical idea:…










josh berry: best man








there’s no doubt that the way men interact with…










don't make me laugh by julia raeside








not a week goes by without revelations of showbusiness…










komedia new comedy award 2025

the number of talented new acts banging on the door…


more comedy reviews



live comedy picks




sponsored
chortle hotshotsbristol the gaffe comedy clubtuesday 25 feb from 19:30book now





sponsored
chortle hotshots: class of 2025birmingham glee clubwednesday 19 feb from 19:30book now




gig of the day maisie adam: appraisalchelmsford theatre from 20:00





book now one man musical by flo & joanunderbelly boulevardwednesday 19th feb from 19:00book now




coming soon stewart lee vs the man-wulfsalford lowrythursday 20th feb





book now jason manford: a manford all seasonsfolkestone leas cliff hallwednesday 26th feb from 19:30book now
 









other news












smoggie queens wins a regional rts award

smoggie queens was named best comedy at a regional…










samantha day wins leicester's silver stand-up contest

samantha day has been crowned winner of the silver…






matt forde to interview kemi badenoch and michael gove

matt forde is to interview tory leader kemi badenoch and former cabinet minister…



best in class announces its 2025 line-up

best in class have announced the lineup for their 2025 edinburgh fringe showcase…



sydney may takes komedia's new act crown

sydney may was crowned winner of komedia’s new comedy award in brighton last…



entries open for  lgbtq+ new comedian of 2025

entries have opened for the lgbtq+ new comedian of the year.

run by the comedy…



cardiff glee to livestream gigs

nextup has added another club to its roster of live-streaming venues: the glee in…



capital xtra comedy club returns

capital xtra has announced the return of its charity comedy night. 

taskmaster…






punching up











could bill murray play glastonbury?

bill murray has announced a uk date… intriguingly close to glastonbury in both time and place.



the comedy icon has a side project called new worlds,…











it's all double dutch!

as troy hawke, comic milo mccabe has won more than…










dark days under donald trump

the broadway transfer of operation mincemeat has…










how edinburgh's more expensive than the cayman islands at fringe time

it probably won’t come as a surprise to anyone…



more punching up




videos






comedian dave johns appears in the video for sam fender’s new single remember my name.
the song is dedicated to the musician’s late grandparents with fender saying: ‘i wrote the song in honour of them, from the perspective of my grandad who was looking after my grandma when she was suffering from dementia.’
in the video, the stand-up plays the grandad, opposite a woman called philippa, who was cast off the street.
director hector dockrill said philippa’s ‘lived experience brought an authenticity that couldn’t be replicated’ while johns’s ‘depth and humility grounded the film with a nuanced performance that only he could pull off'.
the comic’s other acting credits include i, daniel blake,  fisherman's friends and blithe spirit, alongside dame judi dench.



dave johns appears in sam fender video

remember my name dedicated to his grandparents













time travel is dangerous trailer

with johnny vegas, jane horrocks and more












weekend update on snl's 50th annivesary

with colin jost, michael che and  bill murray












saturday night live: in memorium

and it's not what you might think...



more comedy videos




other links





daily telegraph: was the warwick davis sitcom life's too short offensive?




lancashire telegraph: jenny eclair interview




the observer: mark steel on his cancer treatment




the times: how we made father ted




deadline: a look back at the very first episode of saturday night live




bbc news: on whether peter kay was right to eject a heckler











×

search…









chortle had 208, 000 unique visitors in december 2024. we are currently listing 7,005 upcoming comedy events.







comedy in london |
                        comedy in manchester |
                        comedy in scotland








quick links


comedy news
comedians
mailing list
on tour
rss feed
features
add listings
terms
cookies
about us
privacy notice
contact us




quote

“a sense of humour is just common sense dancing”
– clive james



website and all original content copyright © chortle 2000 - 2025.
designed and build by powder blue in association with
                        chortle.










×
this web site uses cookies, read our policy.




we see you are using adblocker software. chortle relies on advertisers to fund this website so it’s free for you, so we would ask that you disable it for this site. our ads are non-intrusive and relevant. help keep chortle viable.

















