






home - pa downtown











































home
about us
resources
reporting
directory
contact
 
member sign in
donate
search














member sign in
donate
search



programs

main street program
elm street program
nature-based placemaking program
blueprint communities pa program
walkworks


services

keystone core services
outreach and technical assistance


what’s happening

news & alerts
calendar
newsletter
job board


learn

why revitalize
trainings
accreditation
dei task force


membership

membership benefits
membership levels
become a member


conference
 
home
about us
resources
reporting
directory
contact
 









partnering with main street america to revitalize pa's downtown communities.





partnering with main street america to revitalize pa's downtown communities.





partnering with main street america to revitalize pa's downtown communities.









24,569
net fte jobs


7,522
net new businesses


 6,618
total building projects


$1,888,160,370
total public & private investment


1,161,293
volunteer hours


1,495
public space projects


statewide main street program accomplishments (1987-2023)



pa's main streets through the pandemic



the impact of the pa main street program on local economic resiliency
during the pandemic pennsylvania’s main streets were an essential link between state decisionmakers and resources and the needs of downtown communities. main street programming proved to be a vital tool not just for economic recovery, but also to create the pre-conditions, such as diverse business mixes and customer bases, that bolster economic resiliency. this report reflects the nuanced nature of local economies during a global health crisis. while there is no one-size-fits-all answer to supporting downtowns in pennsylvania and beyond, distributing ongoing resources, funding, and programmatic support is vital to the future economic resilience of businesses across the state.
read the report






designing for distance



access the full reports of the conceptual designs and the recorded virtual workshop
the designing for distance (d4d) project was idea that came out of pdc’s covid-19 recovery and resiliency task force, public space working group.  pdc had an existing grant agreement with pennsylvania historical museum commission (phmc) to develop a design guidelines handbook, but when covid hit, it became evident that there was an opportunity to develop something that could be more responsive to the needs of the communities, and the designing for distance project was born.
learn more






news

gather & grow: townies & manager’s meeting – may 28-29 in bedford, pa
save the date for gather & grow: townies & manager’s meeting at the beautiful omni bedford springs resort on may 28-29, 2025! hosted by the pennsylvania downtown center, this special […]

read


registration now open for the main street now conference in philadelphia!
exciting news for pennsylvania’s main street and elm street managers, business owners, community revitalization advocates, and local leaders! registration for the highly anticipated main street now (msn25) conference is officially […]

read


main street now 2025 | call for proposal are now open!
the pa downtown center and main street america, in partnership with the pa dept. of community & economic development (dced), are thrilled to announce the main street now 2025 conference […]

read



upcoming events



sponsors



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  












717-233-4675






email us




1230 north third street
harrisburg, pa 17102




f
t
i
l
v

copyright 2025


developed by pixel & hammer













