






tuesdays with morrie » mitch albom











































































 
followfollowfollowfollowfollow






 
 home about  about mitch faqs calendar on writing   news books  all books the little liar the stranger in the lifeboat finding chika human touch buy   books  all books  buy teachers reading groups newsletter   nonfiction  tuesdays with morrie have a little faith finding chika sports books   series  five people you meet in heaven next person you meet in heaven human touch   fiction  for one more day the time keeper first phone call from heaven magic strings of frankie presto the stranger in the lifeboat the little liar     stage & screen  films  tuesdays with morrie five people you meet in heaven for one more day have a little faith walk with me   tv & web  leslie heart of detroit mitch albom live   plays  tuesdays with morrie duck hunter shoots angel and the winner is ernie hockey – the musical! list your theatre production     stage & screen  film tv & web series plays   journalism  articles & podcasts life at the orphanage   audio  radio show tuesday people podcast music life frankie presto soundtrack rock bottom remainders lucky tiger grease stick band   charities  say detroit have faith haiti   videos calendar 
 











tuesdays with morrie

us (hardcover)us (20th anniversary)albanianaustralianbengalibulgarianburmesecatalancroatianczechchinese (simple)chinese (traditional)danishdutchestonianfinnishfrenchgajaratigermangreekhebrewhindihindihungarianicelandicindonesianindonesianitalianjapanesekoreanlatvianlithuanianmarathimalaymontenegrinnorwegianpersion (farsi)polishportuguese (brazil)portuguese (portugal)romanianrussianserbianspanish (latin america)spanish (mexico)spanish (spain)swedishteluguthaiturkishu.k.vietnameseus (paperback)



the last class of my old professor’s life took place once a week in his house, by a window in the study where he could watch a small hibiscus plant shed its pink leaves. the class met on tuesdays. it began after breakfast. the subject was the meaning of life. it was taught from experience… although no final exam was given, you were expected to produce one long paper on what was learned. that paper is presented here. the last class of my old professor’s life had only one student. i was the student…

 keep reading

buy the book>direct from the us publisherbookshop.orgamazonbarnes & noblebam!indieboundgoogle playibookskobochapters indigomcnally robinsonuk buying optionsaustralia buying optionsinternational options












 
 get your copy



maybe it was a grandparent, or a teacher, or a colleague. someone older, patient and wise, who understood you when you were young and searching, helped you see the world as a more profound place, gave you sound advice to help you make your way through it. for mitch albom, that person was morrie schwartz, his college professor from nearly twenty years ago. maybe, like mitch, you lost track of this mentor as you made your way, and the insights faded, and the world seemed colder. wouldn’t you like to see that person again, ask the bigger questions that still haunt you, receive wisdom for your busy life today the way you once did when you were younger? mitch albom had that second chance. he rediscovered morrie in the last months of the older man’s life. knowing he was dying, morrie visited with mitch in his study every tuesday, just as they used to back in college. their rekindled relationship turned into one final “class”: lessons in how to live. tuesdays with morrie is a magical chronicle of their time together, through which mitch shares morrie’s lasting gift with the world. now the best-selling memoir of all time,tuesdays with morrie began as a modest labor of love to help pay some of schwartz’s medical bills. today, the book has sold nearly 18.5 million copies in more than 51 territories around the world.

            


what readers are saying…

“sometimes if you take a second look around you’ll notice we are amongst angels. only a man–no, a saint–like morrie schwartz could take his own impending death and teach us how to live. after reading tuesdays with morrie you’ll understand that class is never dismissed.”jeff daniels
read more »



 
the podcast

inspired by the worldwide no. 1 bestseller tuesdays with morrie, join mitch albom on this interactive podcast as he explores the themes he and his old professor spoke about as morrie was leaving the world, and how they relate to leading a better life. listen now


  reading guide teachers guide



extras




sample the audiobook
prh audio · tuesdays with morrie by mitch albom, read by mitch albom

songs that remind me of morrie 


read the original letter about tuesdays with morrie, submitted to publishers in 1995.

read “a teacher to the last,” an article published in the detroit free press shortly after morrie’s death. 




the movie 

the play 


 

subscribe for bonus content and giveaways!



 success!  first name    last name    email    birthday      sign up  








copyright ©2025 mitch albom | privacy policy | terms of use | contact | media | sitemap   design by ai strategic






















