



host travel agency - home based travel agency business 






host travel agency for your home based travel agency
to work at home & own your own home based business


join the travel industry today!

the world ! experience it ! & sell it !



travel,

the #1 growth industry

"the travel industry is exploding with opportunity and is expected to
be the number one contributor to the u.s. gross national product within the very
near future. airlines, cruise lines, hotels, resorts and other travel infrastructure
are growing at an unprecedented rate and the common thread between all of the growth
is distribution. suppliers are looking toward the retail travel agent community to
create the future demand necessary to continue the growth and prosperity.at
the same time, trends within the travel industry are evolving a network of home-based
travel agents and their host agency partners. with the internet came the opportunity
for niche specialization for thousands of travel agents and their host agency partners.
today, a home-based travel professional can expect to make an excellent living."

as reported by:national
association of commissioned travel agents



atlas tour and travel offers
a program for experienced and non experienced individuals desiring
to work from home and own their own home-based travel agency business. the only
cost is $125 initially per agent, then $100 thereafter annually for the required
travel industry professional liability policy insurance coverage. atlas rewards are
generated only as your business prospers. that's what motivates us to strive
our very best to help you quickly grow "your" travel business. atlas is
currently located in 46 states including hawaii, and canada serving the atlas network
of more than 350 homebased travel agents via its support services as a host travel
agency. please call or email us at any time. we would love to discuss with you your
future in the travel industry as the owner of your own home based travel agency.
again ! atlas succeeds only as you do! that's one of the many things
that differentiates atlas from the other host travel agencies offering similar programs.

come
soar

with the
atlas travel team !

your future in the travel industry


full service/fully bonded agency& a member of
arc / iata / clia / nacta / ossn / vacation.comand
also aninterline agency


table of contents * next
page



6465 oakland
drivenew orleans, la. 70118(504) 483-0607www.atlastourandtravel.com

send
e 
mail to atlastandt@aol.com


we at atlas wish you the very best in
your search for the right home based business opportunity. the atlas program offers
travel industry career opportunities for individuals that have or have not attended
travel agent school. the current trend in the travel industry is toward the home
office travel agency. this is providing exciting, enjoyable and rewarding jobs at
home without the expenses of the traditional store front travel agency. independent
agents own and operate their very own home-based business. the "challenge"
is for you to associate with a legitimate, properly focused and capable host travel
agency. we highly recommend that you do extensive research into all home-based business
opportunities that interest you. if at any time, you decide that as an independent
agent the travel industry provides the challenges, opportunities and benefits you
are seeking, please consider talking with us about joining our "atlas travel
team" !



