



diamondbuyers


























































305 northwest dr. farmingdale, ny  11735  toll free 877-308-6460 local 516-845-1332   email diamonds@diamondbuyers.net   gold@ssjewels.comcontact us and find our why we are known as the “honest” jeweler.










































buy, sell or trade your diamonds and jewelry





























sell your jewelry













buy jewelry

















ss jewels set the standard in buying diamonds and gold online.  we are trusted and respected throughout the country, and never disappoint our customers. we are an established store, and have been in business over 36 years. don't send your jewelry to a fly by night outfit, make sure it is a real business and has a real location. we buy diamonds, gold, silver and much more.













we have a complete selection of diamonds, engagement rings and wedding bands. we also have a fine jewelry store here for you to choose from  hundreds of items in all styles and fashions.  please use the category section on the side to browse for your favorite items. all of our jewelry comes with a complete money back guarantee. ss jewels has been in business over 36 years, and a member of the bbb with an a+ rating.  not sure who we are? we have been selling on ebay for over 16 years and have an almost perfect 99%


















trade you jewelry








turn your old and unwanted jewelry into new jewelry! do you have an old ring, an engagement ring or wedding ring that you want to upgrade? what about all those piece of jewelry you do not wear anymore?  you have come to the right place. now you can trade them in for a brand new piece of jewelry.  ss jewels will pay you the best price to trade in your old jewelry.















we want to make it as easy for you as possible to get the best price, and answer any questions or concerns about sending us your jewelry.

























submit your request for price on a diamond.































submit your request to sell your jewelry items
















ss jewels has an a + rating with the bbb  so you can be confident in doing business with us. please filow our links to learn more about us, and the process of selling your jewelry.  we have tried to answer any question you might have, and  given you information on how to buy, sell, trade-in, or use consignment as an option for your jewelry.











no amount of jewelry is to small or to large for us to buy. take all your broken jewelry or out of style jewelry and turn it into cash or trade it in for a new piece of jewelry or upgrade your diamond.











trade in your old diamonds and jewelry for that new diamond or piece of jewelry that you always wanted. you will get the highest prices anywhere! our prices for diamonds and fine jewelry are the lowest on the internet, guaranteed
































diamondbuyers  












