




interactive training media, inc.






























 












              itm is an advanced multimedia developer that creates training and professional development programs. we partner with clients to design innovative educational programs that meet both immediate and long-term needs.

              our desire is that our products serve you and play a role in the overall success of your organization. more>



                interactive training media's formula for successful training involves integrating multimedia materials and interactive learning experiences to promote in-depth understanding. and our work doesn't stop at product development-we support our educational software and our clients by providing training workshops, promotional materials, marketing assistance, updates for currency, and technical help. more>




                itm's innovations in the training areas of fire safety, forest management, and living in the wui have been successful nationwide...click below to learn more about our classic product lines.







our public outreach programs are helping communities grow stronger and safer. our "turnkey" approach offers not only creative design and expert content, but marketing and promotional materials to ensure the project's success. our multimedia programs can be tailored to serve single-user audiences and/or group presentations. more>

our forestry education series consists of age-appropriate, informative, entertaining online programs where students learn how professional foresters manage  forests through a balanced approach-with social, environmental, and economic needs in mind.

view la forest friends online>
view sc forest forever online>

the wildland fire series is a comprehensive program for community leaders, homeowners, teachers, children, foresters, and firefighters. for individual or group settings, participants learn the impact of fire on forest ecology, fire's effect on the wui, and how to build and maintain firewise homes and communities. more>






                in addition to creating top-quality, multimedia training tools, itm 
                      can assist you with program implementation.
                itm provides turn-key workshops for your organization to train staff, educators, health care providers, or your target audience. we organize the workshop event, provide a registration database, supply the workshop materials, including advertisements and invitations, and provide the knowledgeable facilitator. more>
some of our most popular program-supporting workshops include:

wildfire prevention - these workshops show classroom teachers how to implement the wildfire prevention program in their classroom.

living on the edge - this program is used in workshops to educate community leaders on the wildfire issues involved with designing and maintaining communities in the wildland/urban interface.

how to have a firewise home - this program is used in homeowner workshops to inform those living in the wildland/urban interface how they can protect their homes.








  








 fire in the field rx burn- coming soon!

prescribed burn courseware for landowners and agency personnel that covers prescribed burn uses, techniques, and safety.













health care provider training



 besafe: cultural fluency training
                      this web-rom continuing education program, developed for the national minority aids education & training center, trains health care providers on how to use the besafe model to provide culturally appropriate care to minority patients living with hiv/aids.


















our wildly successful wildfire prevention program is now available in an online format! more>












how to have a firewise home in spanish
this multimedia program was designed to reach spanish speaking homeowners on ways to keep their homes and communities safe from wildfire. more>

living on the edge in spanish
this interactive program was designed for community leaders to educate spanish speaking communities on  wildfire hazards. more>












fire safety education 
forestry education series
mvp pages for product users
wildland fire series 
workshop registration






 

































