visitflanders


































      skip to main content
    
          search
      
    search
    
      *
    
      (optional)
    
        search
  
      mobile menu expand icon
    menuclose





        destinations
    




        see & do
    




see & do










        exploring flanders
    





        arts and heritage
    




        culinary treats and belgian beer
    




        discover nature in flanders
    




        the most beautiful cycle routes
    












        itineraries
    





        48 hours in antwerp
    




        48 hours in bruges
    




        48 hours in brussels
    




        48 hours in ghent
    




        48 hours in leuven
    




        48 hours in mechelen
    










          in the spotlight
      











        
    
                                                toerisme kust
                                    
  




discover flanders with your family












        
    
                                                visit leuven
                                    
  




ku leuven is celebrating its 600th anniversary filled with wonder and curiosity












        
    
                                                kris jacobs
                                    
  




flanders' finest cycle routes












        
    
                                                westtoer
                                    
  




valentine’s day in flanders: unique travel tips for a romantic getaway










        travel information
    




travel information










        travel information
    





        travelling to, in and around flanders
    




        good to know about flanders
    




        sustainability
    




        accessibility
    










          in the spotlight
      















how can we help you?
















about visitflanders 















        
    
                                                milo profi
                                    
  




accessibility finder 
















sustainability











        brochures
    

        about us
    

        contact
    

        meet in flanders
    

        press
    

        trade
    

language: en
 castellano deutsch english français italiano nederlands català

welcome to flanders

        
    
                                                ©jonathan ramael
                                    
  


        
    
                                                flanders. a region packed with history, heritage and arts. the cradle of cycling and the breeding ground for an unparalleled culinary culture. a region in the heart of europe, with an inexhaustible wealth of natural beauty interspersed with historic castles and gardens. a place full of stories that stretch back centuries, thanks to our pioneering craftsmanship. welcome to flanders, where you will be welcomed with open arms.
                                    
  
in the heart of europeflanders, belgium’s northern region, is located in the heart of europe. it’s known for its chocolate, fries and beer, and has been praised worldwide for its impressive heritage and the progressive craftsmanship of its master painters and their descendants.flanders may be modest in size, but that's exactly why it's wonderful to discover by bicycle, for example. discover the gems of heritage in their green, natural regions. flanders is also perfect for exploring cities such as antwerp, bruges, brussels, ghent, leuven and mechelen. a multitude of arts, heritage, gastronomy and other highlights at just a stone's throw from each other.

  discover all the wonderful things flanders has to offer 
  

        
    
                                                westtoer
                                    
  
arts & heritagevalentine’s day in flanders: unique travel tips for a romantic getaway

        
    
                                                flanders, in the heart of europe, makes for the perfect romantic valentine’s getaway. discover our special travel tips for lovers in flanders.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                (c)philip vanoutrive
                                    
  
treinstappers from grote routepaden (gr)

        
    
                                                grote routepaden’s treinstappers guide you from one station to another. as you walk, you discover flanders’ numerous hidden gems (including many green ones).
                                    
  


        
    
                                                toerisme brugge / © jan d'hondt
                                    
  
arts & heritagesurprising unesco: a selection from flanders' world heritage

        
    
                                                discover flanders’ wealth of unesco world heritage: the centre of bruges, the belgian beer culture, flanders fields, the sonian forest and wortel-colony.
                                    
  
custom made itineraries

  more itineraries
  

        
    
                                                © david degelin
                                    
  


        
    
                                    2 days
                  
  

      leuven
  48 hours in leuven: knowledge, culture and a vibrant student population

        
    
                                                in leuven, centuries-old heritage and the freedom of student life form a seamless whole. discover its pleasant city centre and artistic highlights.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                ©pieter d'hoop - www.pdsign.be
                                    
  


        
    
                                    2 days
                  
  

      bruges
  48 hours in bruges, a medieval romance

        
    
                                                bruges is the unofficial capital, medieval of romance, the entire city centre is listed as a unesco heritage site, the flemish primitives, 500 years of history.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                medialife.be
                                    
  


        
    
                                    3 days
                  
  

      limburg
  72 hours in limburg, an abundant oasis of tranquillity

        
    
                                                delightful limburg guarantees endless hiking and cycling pleasure in nature parks, as well as culture, history and heritage. 
                                    
  
arts and heritage

  more about arts and heritage
  

        
    
                                                ©2018 d.provost
                                    
  
flemish masters in situ

        
    
                                                van eyck. rubens. the flemish surrealists and expressionists. in flanders, old and modern masters are at home. it is here where they lived and worked.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                ©google art project
                                    
  
flemish masters 

        
    
                                                discover the flemish masters, a group of artists who revolutionized western european painting. learn about their lives, work, and where to see them in flanders.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                © photo marc wallican & ai-generated figure by d-artagnan.be
                                    
  
castles and gardens outside the city walls

        
    
                                                flanders is a treasure trove of heritage. the cities brim with history and stories, and in their green surroundings there is much beauty.
                                    
  
discover nature in flanders

  more about nature in flanders
  

        
    
                                                jean paul bardelot 2024
                                    
  
micro-adventures in meuse valley river park 

        
    
                                                explore meuse valley river park, a unique landscape park along the banks of the meuse river. from raft camping to water fun, experience unforgettable.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                authentic chica
                                    
  
micro-adventures in national park forests of brabant

        
    
                                                explore the np forests of brabant. walk past flowering bluebells, ride your own gravel world  or championshipexperience another unforgettable micro-adventure.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                bjorn snelders
                                    
  
micro-adventures in landscape park heart of haspengouw

        
    
                                                explore the heart of haspengouw, the largest fruit region in western europe! from sleeping in tree tents to picnicking among blossoms..
                                    
  


        
    
                                                medialife.be
                                    
  
micro-adventures in the zwin region

        
    
                                                explore the zwin region, a unique landscape park on the flemish coast. experience unforgettable micro-adventures from birdwatching and dew walks to packrafting.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                yves adams
                                    
  
micro-adventures in hoge kempen national park

        
    
                                                the natural beauty of hoge kempen national park in flanders, belgium is a veritable feast for your senses.
                                    
  
in flanders fields

  more about in flanders fields
  

        
    
                                                ©westtoer
                                    
  
flanders fieldsthe journey to flanders fields: a place of remembrance

        
    
                                                hundreds of thousands of soldiers fought in the muddy and shelled landscapes that are now known as flanders fields.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                copper tree media
                                    
  
27 wwi memorial sites in flanders fields recognised as unesco world heritage

        
    
                                                flanders has gained an impressive chunk of unesco heritage. 
                                    
  
accessibilitythe great war centenary - accessible to everyone

        
    
                                                for four long years flanders fields were the dramatic backdrop for some of the bloodiest battles of world war i. 
                                    
  
culinary treats and belgian beergoesting

        
    
                                                isn’t life all about desire? we all know the cravings for chocolate, beer, music, love and friendship. in flanders, we even have a specific word for this.

        
    
                                                ©david samyn
                                    
  
belgian beer

        
    
                                                belgium is famous for its extensive range of beer styles. learn more about the history and culture of belgian beer in this article.
                                    
  
fries

        
    
                                                crispy, golden fries: they’re our national pride. did you know that belgium has more dan 4.600 fries stands?
                                    
  
belgian chocolate

        
    
                                                belgian chocolate is famous and appreciated the world over for its excellent quality and flavor. discover the multiple aspects of belgian chocolate.
                                    
  
cycling

  more about cycling
  

        
    
                                                kris jacobs
                                    
  
flanders' finest cycle routes

        
    
                                                discover flanders’ many assets on these amazing cycle routes: surprising landscapes, heritage, art, gastronomy and much more besides.
                                    
  


        
    
                                                golazo - kramon.be
                                    
  
cyclingrelive the 2024 gravel world championships

        
    
                                                the 2024 gravel world championships in flanders was an amazing folk festival. relive that wonderful day in leuven and in the national park forests of brabant. 
                                    
  
discover flanders with your familywelcome to flanders! here you can experience and discover so much along with the whole family, very quickly and within a short distance.

  read more
  

        
    
                                                © toerisme kust
                                    
  
upcoming events

        
    
                                                11/10/2024 - 16/02/2025
                                    
  

      brussels
  old drawings. from bruegel to rubens

        
    
                                                © piet de kersgieter
                                    
  


        
    
                                                11/10/2024 - 16/02/2025
                                    
  

      brussels
  drafts. from rubens to khnopff

        
    
                                                stef keynen
                                    
  


        
    
                                                14/12/2024 – 16/03/2025
                                    
  

      mechelen
  eternal spring. gardens and tapestries in the renaissance

        
    
                                                milo profi
                                    
  


        
    
                                                15/02/2025 - 16/02/2025
                                    
  

      leuven
  600th anniversary of the university of leuven (ku leuven)

        
    
                                                06/04/2025
                                    
  
tour of flanders

        
    
                                                28/05/2025 - 01/06/2025
                                    
  

      ghent
  gent smaakt

        
    
                                                11/10/2025 - 13/10/2025
                                    
  

      ostend
  garnaalkrokettenfestival
          follow us on @visitflanders
      
          follow us on:
      

        facebook
    

        instagram
    

        pinterest
    

        youtube
    want to stay up-to-date?citiesart citiesregions and cities itineraries48 hours in flanders art cities72 hours in limburg  discover flandersthe most beautiful cycle routesarts and heritageculinary treats and belgian beerdiscover nature in flanderswith the whole familytravel informationabout visitflanderstravelling to flandersaccessibilitycontact uspresstrademeet in flandersvisitflanders.com is an official website of the flemish government.published by toerisme vlaanderen

        privacy
    

        cookies
    

        disclaimer
    

        sitemap
    



