






phoenix rotary 100 | service above self

























































take flight
life skills picnic
donate!
about us

our history
our leadership
our avenues of service
our committees
our sponsors/partners
our social feeds


calendar
impact

stories
local service projects
youth programs
international projects
our donations and project requests


membership

benefits of membership
membership application
videos


login
 


select page


  
 
 














make a positive impact with friendships that last a lifetime
phoenix rotary 100 is leading the charge withlocal philanthropy, fun social events and professional networking
apply for membership














rotary is an organization of over 33,000 local clubs serving their communities around the world. rotarians are leaders in their vocation, profession and community.
we meet weekly to discuss improving the lives of people, both locally and globally. we need and encourage diversity of membership in order to be more effective in this task.the rotary motto is “service above self”.





the phoenix rotary 100 chapter was founded in 1914 as the 100th club to join rotary. through the years, phoenix rotary 100 has been at the forefront of community service in phoenix and beyond, with a past and present membership list reading like a “who’s who” in arizona’s history. mayors, governors, u.s. senators and one supreme court justicehave all been a part of phoenix rotary 100.






chapter members




years active




rotary club in arizona







helping shape thefuture of phoenix
collaborating with community leaders,government officials and charities











benefits of rotary membership
a powerful network of professionals focused on service
















join a global community that is changing the world for the better








meet business and community leaders who are guest speakers each week








have the opportunity to mentor youth and be mentored by elders in your vocation










make a positive difference in our local community








make new and lasting friendships








have fun with social activities and service projects










expand your business and social network








improve your leadership and public speaking skills








be welcomed by rotarians anywhere you travel










develop relationships with community and government leaders








show your children and grandchildren the importance of community service









what’s special about phoenix rotary 100?
our amazing impact on the community and the world















our elected officers
combining decades of experience in leadership and service








dan capote
president



read why i joined






kathy mitchell
president-elect



read why i joined






phil geiger
treasurer



read why i joined






elisabeth wisthoff
secretary



read why i joined





i joined rotary years back after one of my mentors invited me to a lunch meeting to hear the speaker. i immediately felt connected to a group of like-minded individuals with the motto “service above self”. it’s amazing to be part of an organization that gives back to the local community and supporting amazing causes and projects around the world.

– dan capote

 









my mother instilled community involvement and service to others as part of my values system. the phoenix rotary 100 club provides such an incredible way for me to meet others who want to accomplish the same. i joined the phoenix rotary club in 2020 to be part of a group focused on service above self locally, nationally, and globally.






– kathy mitchell



phoenix rotary provides me with the opportunity to serve my community in meaningful ways, and it also enables me personally to develop friendships and interact with extraordinary people.  furthermore, phoenix rotary 100 has excellent speakers and with meetings every two weeks, it doesn’t take an inordinate amount of time out of the month.
– phil geiger



service above self: more than a motto at phoenix rotary 100, it is a mandate to help local and global communities  become healthier and stronger. this is my “why” for being a phoenix rotary 100 member for nearly 10 years. it continues to be a remarkable opportunity to make a positive difference. please join us!







upcoming luncheon programs

there are no stories at this time.  





featured stories

families giving back volunteer project - feb/mar 2025community garden cleanup - volunteer opportunity - families giving back

bring the children in your life to help the creighton community foundation tend to their community garden at acre 15. we will use our hands for planting, harvesting, weeding, and possibly even building an adirondack chair for use on site! 

what is families giving back? 

a group of phx rotary100 members who offer monthly volunteer projects to our children and local youth to help instill the values of giving back to the community and "service above self" at a young age. 
 
this event is geared toward both rotarians and non-rotarians to bring their children or grandchildren and engage them in volunteerism at an early age. the kids take the lead on the volunteer project, but guardians will assist. our hope is to introduce the children to volunteering and their guardians to the good work that rotary does in our community and around the world.  

please remember to register for this event. the volunteer project will take place from 9:00am-11:00am 
please rsvp using the qr code: 


saturday, march 1st at 9am
acre 15 garden (ascension church) 
1801 e osborn rd.
phoenix, az 85016 

questions? contact amber guida: (623) 512-7509
 speech contest april 5 - sign up today! in need of volunteers94th annual phoenix rotary 100 speech contest  - april 5th, 2025

we are looking for volunteers! please sign up today!

the speech contest is an annual event hosted by the phoenix rotary 100 club. high school students compete for college scholarships! it is a debate you don't want to miss!

sign up to volunteer by clicking here

for any questions, please contact ted haynes at thaynes@mckeowninc.com. outstanding phoenix youth leader awardapplications for outstanding phoenix youth leader are open until 2-21-2025. 
do you know an outstanding high school student or are involved with a high school? please share this opportunity.  
   







upcoming events






february 21st 2025, 12:00 pmphoenix rotary 100 club meetingspeaker: mike watkiss, award-winning, veteran journalisttopic: chasing prophets—polygamy, fundamentalism & trafficking—a reporter’s talemore infomarch 1st 2025, 9:00 amfamilies giving back volunteer project - feb/mar 2025speaker: acre 15 community gardentopic: springtime garden clean-up with the creighton community foundation!more infomarch 7th 2025, 12:00 pmphoenix rotary 100 club meetingspeaker: tbdtopic: tbd
more infomarch 20th 2025, 3:45 pmmock interviews for hs students - volunteer opp!topic: help prepare hs students for real-life interviews through hope ignites learning center (formerly boys hope girls hope)more infomarch 21st 2025, 12:00 pmphoenix rotary 100 club meetingspeaker: tbdtopic: tbd
more infoapril 5th 2025, 8:00 amphoenix rotary 100 speech contest - all daytopic: 94th annual high school speech contest more infoapril 11th 2025, 12:00 pm94th annual high school speech contest finals & awards luncheonspeaker: ted haynes, chairman, speech contesttopic: 94th annual high school speech contest finals & awards luncheonmore info




 














501 e. osborn roadphoenix, az 85012








email us
 rotary@rotary100.org








call us
(602) 604-8221











the first rotary club in arizona



member links


member login



contact



rotary international




social

followfollowfollowfollowfollow







the sleep cubbies concept and design is the property of phoenix rotary 100. we are happy to share our knowledge, concepts & ideas with other 501(c)(3) organizations in providing solutions for homeless individuals and families and to license such proprietary information to others in an effort to improve living conditions for as many people as possible.
copyright © 2022 – phoenix rotary 100. all rights reserved. website designed with ???? by the team at truefreedom



 









































