




the bc compassion club society – providing medical cannabis and natural therapies to those in need


























































skip to content










about

our community our cultivators our supporters bcccs in action cannabis law
contact us/hoursbecome a member

how to apply forms not in bc? our members registration, orientation & education
menu

menu cannabis dispensary how-to’s conditions & symptoms extracts the plant & strains
wellness centrebcccs blog

newsletter job opportunities



0



 






search this website








0



menu
close





about

our community
our cultivators
our supporters
bcccs in action
cannabis law


contact us/hours
become a member

how to apply
forms
not in bc?
our members
registration, orientation & education


menu

menu
cannabis dispensary
how-to’s
conditions & symptoms
extracts
the plant & strains


wellness centre
bcccs blog

newsletter
job opportunities




0



 







 









contact us/hours







please note that the bcccs dispensary will be closing after august 31st, 2022. (read more)
register for our general member meeting by august 1st here

 
the bcccs dispensary is now closed. we would like to thank our members and community for 25 years of support and compassion.
our wellness centre will be continuing on in limited capacity, including the herbal department. if you are able and wanting to donate to their new endeavor, the compassion roots wellness centre, you can do so here: https://compassionroots.com/donate/
to access our menu, please click here!
dispensary

phone: 604-875-0437
email: pickup@thecompassionclub.org
fax: 604-875-6083
*permanently closed*
mailing address
bc compassion club society
2995 commercial drive
vancouver, bc
coast salish territories
v5n 4c8

wellness centre

the wellness centre side does not dispense cannabis.
phone: 604-709-0448
email: wellness(at)thecompassionclub.org
temporary hours (due to covid-19)
the wellness centre is currently operating with very limited staff on site. please get in touch & we will get back to you as soon as possible.


media


email: communications(at)thecompassionclub.org




 
to those who have sent us words of appreciation & encouragement, we really don’t have the words. the compassion our members show in even the most dire of times is inspiring. we are doing everything we can to keep our community safe, and you all make it so worth it. thank you, from the bottom of our hearts.
continue to take care of yourselves and each other.
love & solidarity,
the bcccs staff

we are honoured to work & live on the unceded and traditional territory of the xwm??kw?y?m (musqueam), sel’il’w?ta?? (tsleil waututh) & s?wxwú7mesh (squamish) coast salish peoples.


	notice: javascript is required for this content.




























				copyright - oceanwp theme by oceanwp			











✕








×






×cart 





































































