







homepage | pino-tile | pompano beach florida tile experts































































call 954-366-6417 for any questions!












beth@pinotile.com








954-366-6417














home
our story
inspiration
contact us













 











a tile for every style, personality & space!

the original pino tile!

view more







whether you're a professional or homeowner, we have the tile you need!



contact us

let's talk now!954-366-6417







since 1981, whether it’s ceramic, porcelain, or stone, we are the tile experts!

the pino family has been in business for over 45 years offering the finest tile, wood, specialty mosaics and the best customer service in town. whether you are in the market for renovating one bedroom, your entire house or a commercial project, our expert, friendly and courteous team are the ones you can count on to lead you in the right direction.  we will assist you on making the perfect selections by showing you a wide variety of products to fit your needs and work within your budget.
we have thrived servicing customers for almost half a century, offering the finest quality in our line of products. please feel free browse our showroom and meet with any of our design team members.
we look forward to your visit and working with you to make your design dream a reality.

learn more



since 1981







tile adds distinct beauty and functionality to any room of your home!

we work with all the major manufacturers of tile and stone to provide the highest quality tile and mosaics. visit our pompano beach, fl showroom to see a large selection of options to fit any design ideas you have in mind. we offer the latest trends in large format tile, wood plank porcelain, beautiful stone, glass and water jet mosaics and specialty products of all shapes and sizes. we are your professional and personal consultants, let us help you make sense of your options, so you get the look and quality you want at a price that fits your budget. let us bring your design dream to reality.





flooring showcase
flooring products including carpet, hardwood, ceramic tile, natural stone, and luxury vinyl tile,.
– learn more





kitchen tile showcase
revitalize the heart of your home with tile that can achieve any design style you’ve been dreaming of.
– learn more



bathroom tile showcase
show off your creativity and personality with a fashionable-yet-functional bathroom tile design.
– learn more









we are here to help!

remodels can be tough, but we’ve got you covered. our design services help make the process smooth and easy. all you have to do is tell us about your space, take home tile samples and watch your dream room come together. we are here for you every step of the way!

make an appointment







get easy inspiration by checking our tile project showcase. 

whether you’re flipping your first space or designing your dream home, we’re here to help every step of the way to make sure your project is a success.























view showcase







whether you're a professional or homeowner, we have the tile you need!



contact us

let's talk now!954-366-6417







let’s get started with your next tile project!

every conversation and project is unique, let’s start the conversation on your new build or remodel and design something beautiful.









first name(required) last name(required) phone number(required)email address

your message/request...which number is bigger, 2 or 8? (spam filter)(required) 
 

















920 sw 2nd place
pompano beach, fl 33069




}

monday – friday: 9 am – 5 pm
saturday : 10 am – 3 pm
sunday: closed






954-366-6417





 








website & marketing by local web leads. 


























