




summer wind farm reining horses


 













































summer wind farm reining horses











































































































home
about

facility


team
sale barn

horse profiles
sold


media

bob laporta
debby laporta
tricia tillman
patrick fulton
sharon hudson
kimberly tillman
margaret sanders
daryl paules
douglas robinson
debra semple
samantha casselbury
adair soho
meredith flanigan
caroline musselman
paola simi
victoria gibson
lyndsay boraski
paloma tremols
veronica northam


contact
resources

customer information form
board contract


gato del corazon
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta this big 15.2 hand bay gelding is eligible for both novice horse classes. he can be a great starter horse for your rookie pro rider to go win a title on. he can be an asset in your lesson program, or if you need a horse for you green rider or rookie rider this is your horse.
share this:tweetprintfiled under: for sale, news poetic justice
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta this big palomino 5yr old gelding is ready to be your derby horse in the open or as a non pro horse. “jarvis”  is eligible for novice horse 2 . jarvis is a huge stopping boy. he is worth your time to come look at this boy for sure.
share this:tweetprintfiled under: for sale, news, paola simi boomed out mercedes
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta this huge bay mare is an amazing home bred mare out chromed out mercedes by our own mare starry future winner of over $60,000. “lennette” is a 6yr old mare ready for the show pen. she has a huge step in her turn around. this huge reining mare is 15.3 / 16 hands tall. she is an amazing mare ready to go show in the derby’s. she is eligible for novice 1 and 2, lennette has come along nice and slow insuring a great mind and soundness. she is ready to be a part of anyone’s show program for any level rider.
share this:tweetprintfiled under: for sale, lee gregory, news, tricia tillman gt shiney geym
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta 10 yr old fancy show gelding for sale lte of over $54,000 in open earnings. this amazing gelding was raised and shown right here from our summerwind farm team. he is ready to go on and be a non pro or youth horse. this pleasant gelding would make a great addition to anyone’s show program. 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: daryl paules, for sale, news, tricia tillman, uncategorized show horses for sale
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta gt shiney geym  is 10 this year and is being offered for sale “shiney” has won over $54,000 in his open carrier and is ready to become a non pro horse  or a  youth horse for his next step in his carrier you can’t go wrong adding this amazing gelding into your show program.
poetic justice is a 5yr old palomino gelding that has won over $6,000 in his carrier this big gelding is ready to become your next derby horse or non pro horse.
boomed out mercedes is a huge bay 6yr old mare she is fresh minded and ready to go out and make a splash in the derby’s and is eligible for all levels of the novice horse. she will be an asset to anyone’s show program she is out of our great mare starry future winner of over $60,000 and her sire is chromed out mercedes. so check this cool mare out to ad to your show string.
gato del corazon is 12 yr big bay gelding being offered for sale he currently is being used in our lesson program this gelding is quiet and safe and an awesome to anyone’s program last year he was shown by a green reiner marking a 69.5 after pulling a shoe off in one of her stops. he is a great minded gelding safe for your youngest rider or your oldest rider. he is eligible for novice 1 and novice 2.
we also have 3 yr olds and 2 yr olds for sale contact us for an appointment and updated list of what is available for your string
share this:tweetprintfiled under: daryl paules, for sale, lee gregory, mccartney forman, news, paola simi, tricia tillman our weekend at the vrha show
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta congratulations to tricia tillman winning the novice horse open level 2 and reserve champion in novice horse level 1 on boomin in lace for owner kimberly tillman.
tricia tillman finished top ten on lil ottie for owner doug robison in the novice horse level 1
in the novice horse open derby tricia tillman finished 3rd in the novice horse 2  open derby and the novice horse level 2 open on john wayne tag.
deb laporta was weekend high point champion in the masters aboard her gelding quick chic wolverton. deb was also top five in the non pro and, reserve champion in the intermediate non pro, what a great finish for the weekend for this duo.
kimberly tillman showed her new gelding after only 3 rides and finished high point champion in the novice horse non pro level 1. what a great start for this duo together.
deb semple had multiple top ten finishes in the rookie and and prime time rookie aboard her mare fs miss kali whiz.
what a great weekend for our summerwind farm team.
thank you to vrha for putting on such a great show.
 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: debby laporta, debra semple, douglas robinson, kimberly tillman, news, tricia tillman in georgia tricia tillman won the open derby level 1 and was reserve champion in level 2 and tieing champion and in the intrmediate open aboard john wayne tag
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta debera semple finished top ten on fs miss kali whiz in the rookie level 1 , deb and kali’s second ride finished 3rd and 4th in the rookie and prime time rookie.
deb laporta was the weekend circuit champion aboard her gelding quick chic walverton in the master’s. deb was also very successful in the other divisions over the weekend.
tricia tillman was reserve champion in the intermediate open and top five in the open aboard boomin in lace owned by her mother kimberly tillman.
tricia tillman finished top ten on boomed out mercedes for owner lee gregory in the novice horse open
tricia tillman finished top five on poetic justice in the novice horse open for owner paola simi.
what a great weekend for summerwind farm way to go team summerwind.
 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: debra semple, news, paola simi congratulations to lee gregory with tricia tillman on her mare being top five in georgia in the novice horse open
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta share this:tweetprintfiled under: news welcome lisa little and rachel miller to our summerwind family
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta share this:tweetprintfiled under: news congratulations to lisa clyde on her recent purchase of chex out ollie
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta share this:tweetprintfiled under: news congratulations to kimberly tillman on her recent purchase of mercedes shine
march 21, 2018 by bob laporta share this:tweetprintfiled under: kimberly tillman, news tricia tillman on gt shiney geym eprha october 2016
october 17, 2016 by bryan morgan 

share this:tweetprintfiled under: daryl paules, news, tricia tillman kimberly tillman and boomin in lace at the vrha show in nc
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: kimberly tillman, news tricia tillman and gt shiney geym at the vrha show in nc
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: daryl paules, news, tricia tillman tricia tillman and gt shiney geym for owner daryl paules at the dream park
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: daryl paules, news, tricia tillman patrick fulton aboard quick draw at the dream park
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, patrick fulton kimberly tillman and boomin in lace at the dream park
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: kimberly tillman, news deb semple and her mare a smart oriole at the dream park
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: debra semple, news tricia tillman on starry future for summerwind farm at the dream park
june 3, 2016 by bob laporta   
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, tricia tillman tricia tillman winning the rookie professional
may 13, 2016 by bob laporta 
congratulations to tricia tillman and owner daryl paules of gt shiney geym tricia won the rookie professional and the limited open and was 3rd in the intermediate open today at the carolina classic in north carolina. tricia was also reserve champion in the rookie professional and limited open aboard starry future for summerwind farm we are so proud of this young lady.
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, tricia tillman gt shiney geym and tricia tillman in new jersey
may 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, tricia tillman tricia tillman and gt shiney geym at eprha
may 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: tricia tillman tricia tillman and starry future
may 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, tricia tillman tricia tillman and boomed out mercedes
may 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: news, tricia tillman patrick and qd
may 3, 2016 by bob laporta 
share this:tweetprintfiled under: uncategorized next page » 


 




gato del corazonthis big 15.2 hand bay gelding is eligible for both novice horse classes. he can be a great starter horse for your rookie pro rider to go win a title on. he can be an asset in your lesson program, or … [read more...]poetic justicethis big palomino 5yr old gelding is ready to be your derby horse in the open or as a non pro horse. "jarvis"  is eligible for novice horse 2 . jarvis is a huge stopping boy. he is worth your time to … [read more...]boomed out mercedesthis huge bay mare is an amazing home bred mare out chromed out mercedes by our own mare starry future winner of over $60,000. "lennette" is a 6yr old mare ready for the show pen. she has a huge step … [read more...]gt shiney geym10 yr old fancy show gelding for sale lte of over $54,000 in open earnings. this amazing gelding was raised and shown right here from our summerwind farm team. he is ready to go on and be a non pro or … [read more...]more news from summer wind farm
copyright © 2025 · bryan morgan · log in

















