







minneapolis botox juvederm mn




























show menu

home
specials
treatments
products
before & after photos
medical spa
faqs
about us
location
contact




botox, juvederm and microdermabrasion – minneapolis st. paul, mn


botox cosmetic injection – $10 per unit.
$100 off 30 units of botox + juvederm xc or voluma.
20% off latisse for beautiful eye lashes.
20% off tretinoin (retin a).
25% off obagi & neocutis products.




botox cosmetic treatment safe and fast frown line removal. natural looking. lasting results!


juvederm treatment injectable dermal filler for fast removal of deep lines and folds.




laser hair removal painless permanent hair removal for all skin types and body areas!


microdermabrasion no downtime or chemicals! treat a wide range of skin conditions.


 at every age, we are concerned with our appearance. social and business pressures demand that we look our very best. our skin is a crucial factor in how we appear, and the cosmetic and over-the-counter skin care industries spend millions of dollars to advertise their products. in all too many cases, though, they can’t produce the results they claim, leading to frustration and disappointment, along with high cost.
the answer is easy to find. medically approved skin care products and procedures can provide effective, long-lasting results. after consultation with medical professionals, the use of truly effective methods can transform your appearance and make you look young and beautiful. some of the skin conditions that can be effectively treated at our twin cities medical spa include:

deep wrinkles
frown lines
fine wrinkles
acne and scars
unwanted hair
age spots
superficial blemishes
rosacea
uneven skin tone
spider veins

at consultative skin care, we understand your goal of having beautiful, youthful-looking skin, and know how important it is to you. at our wayzata, mn medical spa, we’ll consult with you about your goals and suggest the most effective products and treatments to reach those goals.
my experience with consultative skin care has been life changing for me! i love the sun, but it doesn’t love me – well it gave me nasty brown spots on my forehead! started when i was about thirty-two. i finally decided to go when i came back from a trip to florida. i received a flyer from consultative skin care and wanted to try the microdermabrasion. i went in to meet claudia. she is so appeasing! she made me feel very relaxed about the procedure and so much so i wanted to go back. i had this big event in my life happening in may of 2003 – i was going to see my new husband’s family that i had never met since they live in his country lithuania. i talked with claudia and she reassured me about botox and i received the procedure one month prior to my departure. i loved it!!! i felt like i was 26 again (i am 36) and i’m so glad i go to claudia. i look forward to seeing her and feel so much better about myself. this is something i do for myself and i love it-it’s my time to look beautiful at csc! thank you for making a difference in my appearance! – tina b., minneapolis, mn
advanced skin care treatments – minneapolis st. paul, mn
 unlike some skin care facilities, we offer the safety, sterility, and professionalism of a doctor’s office, fully equipped with the latest technology and staffed by professionals with many years of experience in using that technology to achieve the best possible treatments.
our medical director, dr. george landis, is a highly respected plastic surgeon in the twin cities who specializes in cosmetic and restorative surgery. he is available for consultation, if needed. claudia miller, an experienced nurse and skin care specialist, has over two decades of experience and expertise in medical skin care treatments. the rest of our staff is hand-selected for their experience, discretion, friendliness, and expertise.


what is botox and how does it work to improve facial lines?
 as more than 6 million women and men in the usa learn each year, a series of tiny injections of botox can create dramatic improvements in facial appearance. effectively and safely minimizing the appearance horizontal lines on the forehead, vertical lines, or 11s, between the brows and smoothing crows’ feet at the corners of the eyes, botox cosmetic from allergan has become the treatment of choice for those signs of age. learn how botox works and why you should choose only a trusted medical skin care for your treatments. we want you to have the information you need to make the right choices and achieve your appearance goals.


what are juvederm filler injections?
 everyone wants to look his or her best. with age, everybody develops lines, wrinkles and other conditions caused by lost volume and support under the skin. in many cases, the use of juvederm injectable gel hyaluronic acid fillers from allergan by our medical professionals can smooth those lines and give you the youthful, healthy-looking face you seek. learn how juvederm xc ha fillers work and how our experience, training and skills can mean betters self-confidence and esteem for you and then call us to schedule a free skin care consultation.


we’re devoted 100% to providing you the very best skin care possible, along with a bit of pampering. we begin with a thorough evaluation of your condition and consultation with you about your expectations. then we can recommend the best products and procedures to achieve those expectations. we’ll always explain every procedure and what you can expect, and will take all the time needed to help you understand the process. we’re always happy to refer you to other professionals if that is needed, and never promise what we can’t deliver.
best skin care medical spa in minneapolis st. paul, mn
 our medi spa is designed for your comfort and safety, and has a relaxing and pleasant atmosphere. your privacy is always protected, and your needs always come first. since skin care is an ongoing process, we establish solid relationships with all our patients. that relationship helps us understand their goals and expectations and continually strive to exceed them. for botox, juvederm, kybella, microdermabrasion, laser hair removal, photofacial and other medically approved treatments, administered by experienced professionals, clients from the entire twin cities metro area trust our wayzata medispa for customized services. our satisfied patients return to us regularly from minnetonka, orono, tonka bay, maple plain, excelsior, deephaven and other lake minnetonka communities, as well as from suburbs, including plymouth, chanhassen, maple grove, roseville, woodbury, edina, bloomington, burnsville, eden prairie and many others.
 as the leading medical spa in the twin cities, we’re completely dedicated to helping you achieve the youthful, fresh-looking skin you deserve, at affordable cost. we offer great prices for all our products and services. most of our clients take advantage of our discount package deals on botox, juvederm, chemical peel, permanent hair removal and more to save cost. all patients who come through the doors of our medspa receive our full attention, along with a personalized program designed to transform their skin’s appearance. contact us today for a free consultation. we’d love to meet you and help you achieve the results you expect.


injection treatments
botox
juvederm xc
juvederm voluma
juvederm volbella
juvederm vollure
kybella


laser treatments
fractional laser treatments
laser hair removal
photofacial
acne treatments


skin care services
microdermabrasion
chemical peels
micro needling
latisse for eyelashes
sclerotherapy
esthetician services
skin care products



© consultative skin care - botox juvederm minneapolis medical spa mn - web optimization: seo minnesota
