






deansteel - home
























home
about
hollow metal doors
marine doors & windows
bullet & blast resistant doors and windows
contact us









leading u.s. manufacturer of commercial hollow metal doors and frames, metal windows, and related metal products including;  hollow metal fire‐rated doors, hurricane / tornado doors, acoustical doors, imo marine doors (uscg and ec approval, b‐15 to a‐60, h‐120 and jet‐fire), imo marine windows (uscg approval), uscg 46‐cfr fire‐rated marine doors, weathertight barge doors, stainless steel showers, bullet‐resistant doors, blast‐resistant doors













news & trade showsu.s.-based steel door manufacturer for construction, marine and military applicationsdeansteel manufacturing company is a premier u.s. manufacturer of hollow metal doors and frames, marine doors and windows and bullet- and blast-resistant doors and windows. based in san antonio, texas, the veteran owned company has more than 66 years of experience manufacturing products for national and international customers, including construction companies, energy companies and the united states armed forces. no other american manufacturer has as many certifications as deansteel, whose products are third-party tested to meet the unique demands of the markets the company serves.learn morehollow metal doorsdeansteel commercial hollow metal doors are available in a variety of styles, widths, heights and thicknesses. all doors and frames meet or exceed specifications of the steel door institute. doors are constructed of cold-rolled stretcher level quality steel. specialty doors are also available, including fema series storm doors, acoustical doors and fire rated doors and frames.read morebullet and blast-resistant steel security doors and windowsdeansteel has manufactured ballistic doors and frames for many years, but due to increasing security threats around the world we’ve expanded our research and development of new ballistic products. we now offer a full line of custom-engineered bullet resistant doors, frames, and windows to suit many applications. deansteel also manufactures custom products such as return fire windows designed and fabricated for guard towers at several military bases around the country.read moremarine doors and windowsthe deansteel marine division began with a special project for an offshore drilling rig in 1969, when we fabricated a specialized steel door unit that gained widespread acceptance among gulf coast rig contractors and is now found in rigs around the world. since then, our marine division products has grown to include custom designed imo-ftp code marine fire doors, frames and windows; uscg 46-cfr door units.read more




warrantyterms & conditionscredit applicationnews & trade shows order forms deansteel manufacturing co, inc.931 s. flores street san antonio, tx 78204800.825.8271send an email >made in america andveteran owned









