firebenderfirebender☰ docsforumpricingaboutdownload for freemost powerful ai in android studiobecome a 10x engineer with a privacy first, android centric coding assistant.download for freetrusted by android engineers atinline ai changestell gpt-o1 or claude-3.5-sonnet to fix code directly in the editor. view or approve the git diff in one click.understands android codereference rendered app previews and files in your project, when writing code with ai.loved by android developerswe are grateful for the passionate community of android leaders willing to push the frontier of mobile development.ben schwabmember of the technical staff at anthropic (ex android platform at airbnb)firebender has become my go-to ai tool for android development. its ai-first editing experience, combined with android knowledge, produces high-quality results in an ergonomic development environment in a way that i haven't found with other tools.ryan brooksandroid lead, emerge tools (ex airbnb, mailchimp)i've used lots of other ai dev tools, but all require me to use unfamiliar ides. as an android dev, i need to use android studio, and firebender finally delivers the ai tooling i've been searching for directly in android studio. it has drastically sped up my dev workflow!john quallslead android engineer, henry meds (ex headspace, twilio)this tool is so helpful! it is so convenient to have all the latest llms right at your fingertips. it is the android equivalent of cursor.sh over in the web domain. highly recommend folks use this as it's a game changer for day to day productivitypranay airanandroid tech lead, airbnb (ex sofi, intuit), 10+ years of industry expertisefirebender is amazing, it makes it so easy for me to build my personal apps and i can choose which model works best for me. with firebender i don't need to write boilerplate code anymore.jordan dearsleyceo & founder of vapii hate android development with a passion, it lags behind every other discipline in terms of developer support. i was dreading every moment working on our android sdk until i stumbled upon firebender. the product is useful, the team is obsessed with the problem and responsive to support requests and delivers on requested features. i can code now and it's not s***!!carlos gabriel salas murilloandroid developer, rappiif you'd love to boost your productivity by using gen-ai, while enjoying a great coding experience with cool new features right in your android studio, firebender is the perfect fit for youstart firebendingdownload for free© 2025 firebender corp. all rights reserved.made with 🔥 aman and kevindocsaboutdiscordlinkedinpricingchangelogcode policyprivacy policyterms of servicebacked bycombinator