









american microsemiconductor inc - obsolete semiconductor components distributor and manufacturer - american microsemiconductor




































































 






skip to content



 call us at 1-973-377-9566 for all your needs.  


search for:









woocommerce cartaboutqualitynewsdiodesoptoelectronicstransistorsthyristorscontact us
 






 


search for:









about american microsemiconductor

incorporated in 1972, american microsemiconductor, inc. has been supplying semiconductors and other discrete active electronic components to major industrial accounts worldwide for four decades. the company specializes in all semiconductor components for commercial, industrial and high reliability military and aerospace clients. american microsemiconductor is also a solution provider for obsolete-but-critical application integrated circuits for the replacement and repair of existing, vital electronic systems – helping to extend the life of our customer’s products. we are staffed primarily by sales and logistics professionals who will ensure that your requirement maintains a low lead-time, fair price, and efficient delivery.
our promise to customers and suppliers:
as a customer of american microsemiconductor, we will remember not only your name, but who you are as a person. we will know your company not for what you need, but what you can do for your clients with the products we can provide you. not only are you important to us, but we want to feel important to you, too. our team finds pride in knowing we are able to help you in your business, scientific, or personal endeavor.
read more about usauthorized distributorselectronic components manufacturer & distributor
why choose us?
55 years experience2,000,000+ electronic parts availableknowledgeable sales staff hard to find & obsolete parts from ic’s to switches, from igbts to mosfets and more!competitive pricingelectronics parts for all industries500,000+ inventoried items95% of deliveries – overnightno line item minimumglobal distributor of military componentshard to find obsolete electronics




 
 
products

diodes
thyristors
transistors
optoelectronics
quality

quality
about us

support
contact us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
subscribe to our newsletter
get the latest news, articles in  your inbox weekly.

email:





 
 
page load link











































































go to top




