




bikes n choppers






















news and links about custom bikes, choppers, bobbers, harley-davidson, buell and just about any other motorcycle or subject that catches the author’s attention. enjoy and have fun! george




« home
 sorry - updates suspended »harley 2007 - assholes - twisted choppers - glasst... »vintage hoodlums - rusting street fighter - james ... »von dutch speedball - huze fireman tribute bobber ... »nonsensechoppers - shovelheads - flickr »custom motorcycle talk by beachcruiser - leatherwo... »billy lane - steve mcqueen collection - radial mot... »neander diesel turbo motorcycle - billy lane's 3rd... »2006 harley-davidson dyna motorcycles - glide is a... »billy lane: the chronic - 2006 suzuki m109r - why ... » 





sorry - updates suspended

						published monday, august 07, 2006 by hogbiker. 



i am not longer able to spend the necessarry time for bikes n´ choppers in the foreseeable future. therefore i have to suspend the updates.to all of you, who enjoyed bikes n´ choppers my best wishes.take care, have fun, enjoy your ride!





harley 2007 - assholes - twisted choppers - glasster panhead

						published thursday, july 20, 2006 by hogbiker. 



ama: harley 2007"harley introduces new engine and six-speed for 2007 big twins; carbs are history as full line gets fuel injection. with its competitors' cruisers getting bigger and bigger in displacement, harley-davidson is adding more cubic inches and another cog in the gearbox to its big twin models for 2007." get details on all the new models at the harley-davidson website.found on flickr: assholesmotorcycle-usa: twisted choppers"one visit to the twisted choppers website and you know what these guys are all about. after clicking past the rotating image on the intro page, you are greeted by gritty images of mechanical motorcycle components and provocatively posed models, contrasting sharply with a slick and well designed site. then the speedmetal audio soundtrack kicks in. twisted is not a shop, it's a lifestyle."bikernet: glasster panhead"this wild chunk of functional motorcycle art was recently featured in hot bike magazine. how could anyone pass up a motorcycle with glass gas and oil tanks, velocity stacks and rocker boxes? it’s a strange mixture of old, new, odd, artistic and yet practical. check the bare metal seat with a ford leaf spring for adjustable rear suspension, seat height and protection for the iron incased glass oil bag."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





vintage hoodlums - rusting street fighter - james bond 007 bike - indian larry legacy: "blue bayou" bike

						published wednesday, july 12, 2006 by hogbiker. 



jockey: vintage hoodlums"is there anything cooler than vintage hoodlums?"bikernet: rusting street fighter"this bike took me over a 1 year-and-a-half to build, not because it was really hard or complicated, but because my wife had our son, and i just did not have as much free time as i thought.i sold my last bike the weekend my son was born. i was making the deal, at the hospital, while my wife was in labor. i met the guy the next weekend and he took possession of the deuce. the next monday i started ordering parts. my intention was to have the bike completed in three months. well, that didn't happen. "barnett´s: james bond 007 bike"description"barnett´s: indian larry legacy: "blue bayou" bikebrought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





von dutch speedball - huze fireman tribute bobber - biker build-off behind the scenes - kendall johnson

						published wednesday, july 05, 2006 by hogbiker. 



bikernet.com: von dutch speedball"at this point, july, 2006, von dutch just came on board bikernet and we’ve looked forward to featuring one of their bikes. i may be somewhat off track in some eyes, but i see this as a high compliment. when i look at von dutch production bikes i see the design and detail levels of cyril huze. every von dutch bike i’ve seen has those extra details accenting the style or character of the machine."bikernet.com: cyril huze fireman tribute bobber"here’s what cyril wrote, “do you remember the surge of adrenalin we all felt as kids when a big red fire engine roared down the street, sporting delicious red paint, sparkling gold leaf and screaming sirens. daily, firemen experience high speed dashes to roaring flames. the business of firefighting is steeped in high adventure, danger & heroism. the bike was built by cyril huze to benefit the iaff (international association of firefighters) burn foundation. we'll bring you more info on the auction as it nears. "motorcycleusa.com: biker build-off behind the scenes"what was up with all this aggressive equipment in contest to be decided on looks? word came down that this biker build-off was going to be special. for one thing, the builders had only 10 days to complete the bikes. most importantly, instead of the usual popularity contest, this one was to be decided on the ground with stopwatches and skill. these beautiful handbuilt machines would be road raced, drag raced and flat tracked, with the winner of the best two-out-of-three to be crowned the victor."whiteline: kendall johnson"kendall johnson is well known in the motorcycle industry. that is truly an understatement.  for many years now, if you talk to builders and "people in the know" about high performance, chances are kendall's name will come up. many will tell you of kendall's drag racing history and extol the virtues of his performance built engines because of that experience. the man likes to go fast. in fact the only thing slow about kendall johnson, is his southern drawl!"brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





nonsensechoppers - shovelheads - flickr

						published saturday, july 01, 2006 by hogbiker. 



nonsensechoppersdon´t miss this! an unknown dude (thanks! if you got more of this, just let me know :-) ) sent me this link. one of the few sites, which really hit me. they have a fine sense of humour (be careful, probably not worksafe) "from the scottish borders.... charlie & logie ... aka smith & jones bring you the ultimate in custom harleys!.. choppers that will blow your minds!!.. keep watching at least 4 new builds coming soon!... these guys are top of their league...multi show winners!!! their wins include.... the 100th anniversary open road tour 2003 barcelona... to this years uk biker build off!!! (even through the back door!)  they both have achieved the double.... rock n blues & the bulldog bash... & too much more to mention! they have dominated the custom scene here & in europe! this year also promises to bring even more radical bikes from no nonsense choppers, choppers with attitude, awesome motorcycles, unique motorcycles, hardcore motorcycles!!! motorcycles that are ridden everywhere....1000's of miles done, sare arse's tae prove it!! nae state o' the art workshops either, oor talkin a shed & charlies garage!!!! scotlands finest!!!!and if you need anymore proof then keep watching this space ya bawbags!!!"dbbp.com: shovelheadsnew riding club availableflickr: alamo photo shootbrought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





custom motorcycle talk by beachcruiser - leatherwork - motorcycle style faucets

						published thursday, june 29, 2006 by hogbiker. 



custom motorcycle talk by beachcruisercool site: "bikes, builders, opinions and more"knucklebusterinc: leatherwork"this guy doesn’t give himself enough credit because he does some seriously nice leatherwork leather tooling is a real art form – some guys got the touch, others don’t. in my eyes, chris is the real deal, his work really speaks for itself, but obviously the dude has skills. check out the attention to detail and shading – just some really awesome work all around. "kneeslider: motorcycle style faucets"mfx, inc. is a company built around an idea that popped up in the head of rob parrette. rob was sitting around one evening talking to his brother about motorcycles (probably lots of beer involved!) and up pops this idea about making a faucet that’s styled to look like a motorcycle gas tank and handlebars."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





billy lane - steve mcqueen collection - radial motor chopper - chopsmiths chopper -  johnny pag 250 spyder

						published tuesday, june 27, 2006 by hogbiker. 



yahoo: billy lane to visit troops in germany"arlington, va., june 26 /prnewswire/ -- custom bike builder billy lane will depart on his first uso tour to germany june 30. during the six-day tour, lane will spend time with service members and their families at vogelweh military complex as well as participate in july 4th celebrations at spangdahlem air force base, baumholder army base and ramstein air base. this tour is co-sponsored by armed forces entertainment."steve mcqueen collection to be sold"bonhams & butterfields is proud to have been a sponsor of this past weekend's legend of the motorcycle international concours d'elegance, and the leading west coast auction house considered it no more fitting a time to announce the sale of the steve mcqueen collection. collectors, fans and biking enthusiasts are sure to agree that mcqueen was a true american motoring legend."jrl cycles: radial motor chopper"jrl cycles is currently building what is probably the first radial motor chopper. one of the largest air-cooled motors ever to power a motorcycle the 7-cylinder radial is the same type used to power aircraft during world war ii and is believed to be the basis for the v-twin motorcycle motor."chopsmiths chopperbikernet: johnny pag 250 spyder"but it’s no accident that southern california veteran custom bike builder, johnny pag has now brought home from china a new motorcycle, the spyder 250, that just might take the ultimate most bang for the buck award. while the bike is assembled in china, specifically at a 650,000 sq. ft. manufacturing plant near the city of wenzhou, its design is definitely made in america, all components drafted up by johnny to his exacting specifications, and not by e-mail or telephone. johnny’s a hands-on kind of guy and spent six months out of the year working on location in china on the project. his son, jr, joined him on the long distance work commute and in fact began taking chinese language lessons."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





neander diesel turbo motorcycle - billy lane's 3rd hubless chopper going up in flames at laconia

						published friday, june 23, 2006 by hogbiker. 



bikes in the fast lane: neander diesel turbo motorcycle"we've probably all seen and read about the kawasaki klr modified to run on diesel (as used by the us marines. the british army attempt with a royal enfield or the ecorider. well, here's the latest, and surprisingly good looking diesel cruiser motorcycle; the german built neander. so, what's different ? first, and very important, the neander is a turbo diesel engine !! "bikernet.com: billy lane's 3rd hubless chopper going up in flames at laconia"billy lane rumor control-- bandit- got any news on billy lane's 3rd hubless chopper going up in flames at laconia? hope he wasn't hurt! that would suck! thanks man, and as always keep up the good work! --steve we immediately contacted our east coast bikernet correspondent, tbear. here's his report. "yes indeed-de-do. seems that a weld on the gas tank may have cracked. i'll be with billy this weekend and i'll try to get the true skinny. at lease no one was hurt, except maybe their pride. such is life in the "fast lane". --bandit "brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





2006 harley-davidson dyna motorcycles - glide is a state of mind - wall of death - bitch slap biker build-off winner

						published thursday, june 22, 2006 by hogbiker. 



motorcycle cruiser: 2006 harley-davidson dyna motorcycles"i recently spent a day riding harley-davidson's 2006 motorcycles. naturally, i spent most of my time on the bikes that were new for 2006, including the new dyna models, notably the 35th anniversary super glide and the street bob. if you have read our preview of the 2006 harleys, you know that harley substantially changed the dyna series motorcycles for 2006. "motoring.co.za: glide is a state of mind"it took me 20 minutes longer than usual to get to work, even though the traffic was lighter than usual. the reason: i was riding a harley-davidson flhtcui ultra classic electra glide. not because it's slow – it'll do an honest 160km/h if you give it some space – but because it's so big. it's nearly as long as its name and so wide that i couldn't get between the cars, which was why i was late for work."jockey journal: the wall of death"a post by sojerscaper on the board inspired me to research some of the great vintage “wall of death” acts. these crazed hoodlums from england started with thier fun in the 1920’s after being inspired by the american board track racers of the day. by the 1930’s, the idea had taken off and there were over 20 tracks setting up around the world and entertaining the masses. it got so popular that acts had to differentiate themselves by grabbing bigger and bigger sacks. some of the more memorable acts include taking a lion around the wall in a sidecart and pulling a bear around on rollerskates… yes, yes… crazy fuckers."bikernet.com: the bitch slap biker build-off winner"the two builders and their teams met in two harbors minnesota on tuesday (6/13/2006) in preparation for the ride that started at the split rock lighthouse just north of the rock, on wednesday morning at sunup. the lighthouse is approximately 100 miles south of canada on lake superior and very scenic. oh yeah! it was leather and or thermal weather. the motorcycles were first seen by each contestant and the crews at that time. they were beautiful, well built and as different as night and day, as was the builders. gypsy the small blond female and kim the tall large male. the motorcycles were reflective of each builder. engine shot "brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





billy lane: the chronic - 2006 suzuki m109r - why bikes are better than girls! - atomiccustom el diablo

						published tuesday, june 20, 2006 by hogbiker. 



billy lane: the chronic"billy's third hubless bike! watch for it at events in 2006. billy's mechanical engineering education helped him turn this fantasy technology into reality. specs: 1945 h-d flathead, custom water-cooled, 80 cubic inch, magneto, s&s l-model carb, custom exhaust. 1968 h-d transmission, suicide shift. santee rigid frame 43 degree rake, 4" forward, 6" up, choppers inc titty bars, lucky's choppers fender (customized by billy). denvers choppers front end. extreme machine front wheel. dunlop tires. choppers inc trucker girl taglite, six-gun foot pegs, and traffic cop (ball-pein hammer). leather seat by ryan edwards."bikernet.com: 2006 suzuki m109r"yeahs -powerplant - smooth yet gnarlystyling - i dig the batman/dragster lookrear tire - bigger is better in this casenays-give me mid-mount controlshow much is that rear tire to replace?what, no cupholders? "myspace.com: why bikes are better than girls!"motorcycles always feel like going for a ride." get them all hereatomiccustom: el diablo"atomic custom inc. is dedicated to building custom traditional styled bikes, one at a time. our bikes are built to last, and we use only top quality components. if you want a truly one of a kind custom, contact trent. all work is guaranteed and bikes come ready to ride."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





spartan sporty -  frc - puta de oro - late night ride - bad ass mutant buell

						published monday, june 19, 2006 by hogbiker. 



street chopper: spartan sporty"with all of the big-name bike builders out there who are willing to put together choppers, we sometimes forget how cheap and easy building a chopper really is. it isn't necessary to throw down $30,000 for a cool chop. a good example of this fact is rich nogueira's custom chopped sporty. rich had been into bikes for the majority of his life and always had a least one harley in his garage at any given time. he had never been able to afford a new bike, but he still loved what he did have, even though they all had previous owners. similar to most h-d enthusiasts, rich went to local bike shows and often dreamt about owning a chopper whenever he drooled over the pages of his favorite custom bike magazines."frc - puta de oro"this motorcycle was built for the 2006 el diablo run. it made the trip, won the show, came back home, and now it’s for sale. the trip was trouble free. the puta de oro is a one of a kind motorcycle. it will title as a flyrite chopper (easy finance and easier insurance). it has a 93 cu. in. s&s generator shovel with a super e carburetor. electrics are by cycle electric with a morris magneto. kick start only 4 speed transmission and a open primary (belt). final drive is a 530 o-ring chain that spins a frc speedline roket with dual rear calipers (polished)."bikernet.com: late night ride"late night ride--turn of the keyflick of a switchpush of a buttonshe roars to lifetighten my glovesdrop down myorange colored shadesi look ahead asthe headlight shows methe wayburp the throttlepull in the clutchease into first gearrock the throttleas i ease out the clutchtaking her slow and easyi head down the roadas i try to avoiduniversity's pot holesturning on to 58i give her a little goose,across a patch of hidden sandbut she didnâ€™t come looseout to uncle dales i ridewe talk about choppers,rat rods, and howwallcott's truck showis coming up sooni finish my drinkthen i'm on my waytime to head on homeand put the bike awayuntil tomorrow bringsanother day-- joshua griffith"panheadjosh74@hotmail.com "bikernet: bad ass mutant buell"justin schilling, of two-bit choppers, recently completed this buell conversion for a customer, randy carlson, out of bend, oregon. “of course bend is ground zero for bmc,” justin said, “and randy was actually good friends with many of big mike's crew, so buying a scoot from an out-of-town shop wasn't something to be taken lightly.” randy however was looking to have something built that would slap the blacked-out hooligan status quo in the face. a bike that could stand out in a crowd where stock harleys are in the minority, and clean production customs are the norm."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





perewitz bike night june 21st

						published saturday, june 17, 2006 by hogbiker. 



perewitz"hey,come join us for our bike night wednesday june 21st from 6-9 pm on the first day of summer. discovery channel will be here live filming for another biker build-off. we will have food, temporary tattoos, entertainment, burnouts and lots more! come by and see the excitement and maybe get on tv!! next week will be the first of 3 film segments capturing the build. it will be aired mid september. our bike nights will continue throughout the summer on the 3rd wednesday of the month. come show your motorcycle spirit. hope to see you at perewitz bike night! "brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





choppahead bikes - dice magazine issue 10 - stuckincustoms - v10 - cycle tramp

						published  by hogbiker. 



choppahead bikes"we build anything from classic styled kustoms to raw, gritty, hardcore mayhem machines. and, we can work with almost any budget. whether you got 6k or 60k to drop! we are lowdown chopper trash ourselves and don't feel you should have to remortgage your house to get a kool kustom motorcycle. we've been featured in national and international magazines like the horse backstreet choppers, hardcore chopper, chopper underground, wrench, etc. (see our media section coming soon to this site); and have taken numerous trophy's at shows. our bikes speak for themselves. check out some of our work in the photos below. so if you want a kickass kustom sickle built for you, shoot an e-mail to truth@choppahead.com or call (617)283-5970 and we can get into the details... peep below for flicks of choppahead crew/extended fam bikes and general jackassiness..."dice magazine issue 10"what do you get if you cross tom selleck from the film '3 men and a baby' with anna nicole smith who..er..has the brain of a baby? erm hello people, it would be, without a doubt, the best ever dream woman! not only would she have the best cones around, but she would also be cruising the most killer of all moustaches...the dick broom! until that happens though, stop messing about and go out and get the latest copy of dice...with an all new format and 76 full colour pages (!!!!!!!!!!) oh and it looks more mental than courney loves face! hoorah!"flickr: stuckincustomsstunning picturesoliepeil: v10 motorfind more strange motorcycle vehicles herelivejournal motorcyclesi liked this poster ... brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





isto omega - softail standard - 250 chopper - sands takes down rooke

						published monday, june 12, 2006 by hogbiker. 



bikernet.com: isto omega the best bike in scandinavia" a rolling work of art it would easily be at home on the road or mounted on a pedestal in new york city's metropolitan museum of art."bikernet.com: the 2006 softail standard"i don’t know if it was the blue pill the doctor gave me, or that red softail the fleet center loaned bikernet, but my life hasn’t been the same since. my flaming pile-of-shit-of-a- existence wasn’t heading anywhere. i sold my last bike to help support my music habit. i needed a descant stack to compete on a pro level. but good equipment is no match for unreliable band members. when you sell your soul for something, make sure your fate is in your hands alone, otherwise you will find nothing but disillusionment."bikernet.com: 250 chopper"the spyder 250 as the name implies features a 250cc twin cylinder, four stroke power-plant that brings the bike, as johnny says, “comfortably up to speeding ticket speeds.” while not aimed at breaking land speed records, the custom chopper will cruise all day and sips gas at 65 mpg. specs include a dry weight of 360 lb. and a 73-inch wheelbase, a softail-type suspension with an adjustable seat height of 20-23 inches, chromed alloy rims, 21-inch front and 16-inch rear tires, rated load of 1000lbs., and a 4.2 gallon fuel tank. colors include candy red, blue, silver and black all with silver flames and an all black model."fastdates.com: sands takes down rooke in 2006 discovery biker build off"former ama motogp champion-turned master builder leans on racing expertise to defeat jesse rooke in the garage and on the track"brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.





"artbiker" big art opening in laconia - motorcycle mania - jesse james - exile's 10th anniversary

						published tuesday, june 06, 2006 by hogbiker. 



matthew "artbiker" linton: free beer and exhibition at the belknap mill in laconia"artbiker is having another big show... we will be putting up an exhibition at the belknap mill in laconia, nh. this show will run during laconia motorcycle week and there will be a reception for the artists on sunday, june 11th. please stop by to see the show and, if you are there on sunday, please come by to meet the artists in person. show runs from june 10th - 18th and is free! artist reception sunday, june 11th from 11-1 snacks provided and free beer until the keg runs dry! there will be a parade at 1:00 w/ the budweiser's clydesdales and vintage bikes... races from 1:30-4:30. the gallery will be open until 6pm.motorcycle mania - expo to highlight female riders is first of its kind"this weekend the gold country fairgrounds will rattle and shake as thousands of motorcycle enthusiasts converge on auburn for a big-time get together. however, this isn't the same ol' biker gathering. touted as the first of its kind in the united states, the 2006 women's motorcycle expo will touch down this saturday and sunday, featuring bikes, clinics, artists, music, food and much more. promoters are expecting as many as 15,000 participants during the two-day event that is drawing folks from as far away as boston, mass."biker news: chopper builder jesse james opens health food restaurant"jesse james, the chopper builder and star of discovery channel's "monster garage", has opened up a health-conscious, environment-friendly, hamburger joint."myspace.com attila: exile's 10th anniversary + russell's party (70+ pics)"don't even attempt this if you're on a dial up. on second thought, go grab a cold one - the load time should be worth it. people flew in from around the country. pro builders in attendence: chica, eddie trotta, redneck engineering, superco customs, matt hotch, sugar bear, arlen & corey ness, jesse rooke, todd's cycle, central coast customs, blak flag, billy lane, amongst several others no doubt. this was the place to be. magazine coverage included hot bike, tattoo savage, and the horse: backstreet choppers. look for much better pictures from hammer in the horse and consider this a precursor."brought to you by george from bikes n choppers.








subscribe feed










contact george

editor´s picks

2006 european championship

artbiker

artists riding together

biker babes

bikernet.com

billy lane choppers inc.

chica custom cycles

chopper builders handbook

confederate f113 hellcat

cyril huze

felt bicycle cruiser

flyrite choppers

gunbus

krugger motorcycles

nicolas chauvin motorcycle art

o school choppers

old school special

russell mitchell exile cycles

suckerpunch sallys

von dutch

world championship

50s style hd pin-ups

more links

biker babes

masterbuilder

custom bike and chopper stuff

motorcycle stuff


my newest links

motorcycle stuff

banned breed

barnett´s magazine

beachcruiser

biker chicks

biker diaries

biker news

biker swag

bikes in the fast lane

biketest.net

chopperweb.net

clutch and chrome

cruiserking

demos world

exile cycles fansite

flyin’ dutchman’s bitchin’ shit

gymis place

helmet hair

in high cotton

killboy

kneeslider

knucklebuster

miles and smiles

motorcyclebloggers

motorcycle cruiser

motorcycle misadventures

motorcycle.com inc.

oliepeil (dutch)

the hog blog

uncaged librarian

why bike



other stuff

a welsh view

attu sees all

jalopnik

smartguy press

gizmo´s tech support alert



archives

12/2005 - 01/2006
01/2006 - 02/2006
02/2006 - 03/2006
03/2006 - 04/2006
04/2006 - 05/2006
05/2006 - 06/2006
06/2006 - 07/2006
07/2006 - 08/2006
08/2006 - 09/2006


 





 


	powered by blogger and blogger templates



