



free rpg games























home
forum
24 hour rpg

free rpgs

game chef

submissions







free rpg games


 welcome to 1km1kt, the largest collection of free rpg games online!  please take a moment to subscribe to our mailing list and check out our rss feed.  we offer freely downloadable rpg games to our readers and accept submissions of all kinds.  please check out some of our reader's latest work below.



pop justice
june 22nd, 2020 

pop justice is a superhero game that takes place just a commercial break into the future. the concept of juries was expanded to the entire public, making celebrities almost immune to prosecution. what will it cost you to fight for the truth when corruption and lies have so many followers?
it was created by team shark (jesse, sam and graham) for codeco 2020.

 posted in free rpgs |   comments off on pop justice


superspeed super hero roleplaying
august 15th, 2016 

most super hero roleplaying games have a huge amount of overhead with rules and math bogging down the super hero action. on the flip side, even the most rules light supers roleplaying systems, bog down with weird non-intuitive mechanics and slow overly detailed character creation. this game’s goal is to make a system in which players can quickly create the heroes and villains for a super human roleplaying experience as well as to promote fast and cinematic/comic book style action and stories quickly and without bogging down with rules.
superspeed uses a set of polyhedral dice annotated as xdy where x is the number of dice to roll and y is the number of sides the dice has. in superspeed you will likely need several d4, d6, d8, d10 and d12. 

 posted in 24 hour rpg, free rpgs |   comments off on superspeed super hero roleplaying


grin
september 29th, 2015 

grin is a free one page horror rpg with no dice!

tags: arcana games posted in free rpgs |   comments off on grin


wanderlust
may 12th, 2015 

a game about traveling a mystic land; where magic and spirits are everywhere.
based on a 2d6+mods resolution as taken from the apocalypse world hacks; with a rough detailed setting and a guide to build your own along the game.
the whole rules are 6 pages long counting pictures and character sheets.

tags: jackie tremaine posted in free rpgs |   comments off on wanderlust


modos roleplaying game
march 2nd, 2015 

game masters, player-characters, my friends! you’re afraid that this is the same thing that torments me: a game of countless hit points, number-crunching, faceless heroes, and no fellowship of players, but it is not this game!
this game we play for:

character design that begins with character concept, not numbers!
opposed roll rules that mean low rolls aren’t automatic failure!
direct rewards for good roleplaying!
abstract combat positions for your imagination, not the tabletop!
action-based combat instead of turn-based combat!
streamlined rules, great for adding house rules or rules modules!
on-the-fly gm features like one-second-monsters and the average-person rule!
many more cool features that let you roleplay the game you want!

what is modos rpg?  a simplified roleplaying system that creates ambiguities in order to allow players and game masters to fill the gaps with imagination.  roleplaying games have historically tried to define things like hit points, damage, and attributes in a conrcrete way; this game leaves the definitions up to its players.
a universal conflict-resolution system allows most things (combat, skill-tests, social conflict) to be resolved in a uniform way, while leaving room for gms to customize each experience.  furthermore, the game rewards (and encourages) roleplaying in these situations with a direct bonus to die rolls and the hero point, a daily power designed by the player.
gms will find that this system supports multi-genre play and encourages them to design their own adventures and new rules for sharing in “modules.”  this makes it easy to tailor the game to a particular group’s needs, and to find or prepare a new adventure each week.

tags: michael terlisner posted in free rpgs |   comments off on modos roleplaying game


the minipeople rpg
february 19th, 2015 

this is a short little game based on a childhood memory. the concept is that you and your fellows are half an inch tall, trying to survive in human settlements. the resolution mechanic is simple and the game uses only d6s. there is one page of rules, and one page of lore and creatures. enjoy!

tags: lee mohnkern posted in free rpgs |   comments off on the minipeople rpg


empty roads
january 14th, 2015 

empty roads is a collaborative road-trip rpg created for the 2015 loreshapers 24h design contest. the theme was “meeting strangers”.
in empty roads, a single protagonist, created and narrated collaboratively by all players embarks on a journey, meeting various strangers along the way, interacting with them, shaping their and her own life. the story is shaped by the cliches and stereotypes of the road movie genre.
have fun!

tags: evil scientist, tamas kisbali posted in 24 hour rpg, free rpgs |   comments off on empty roads


just another day
january 12th, 2015 

submitted as part of a two page tabletop contest, this two page tabletop rpg, explores life in the cyberpunk with lighter, flexible rules that encourage the player to push their luck and make sacrifices to succeed in the mission.
intro from the document:
. . . let’s face it; the corporations have won. it wasn’t a dramatic end-all battle, but a slow, systematic, and calculated takeover. by the time anyone realized there was a war, the victors were dividing up the country and taking inventory.  but even with the corporations ruling their own
kingdoms and having their not-so-quiet wars, there is plenty of room to do good and make life better for everyone. whether freedom fighters, corporate crushers, or even known as protectors of the poor, these different nanomod enhanced teams go out to accomplish missions to further their goals. while these goals can vary, all trend towards ruining corporate day to day business and trying to make life a bit less control by them.
armed with nanite enhancement systems (nes), managing their mods, apps, and tools, the average mod-runner is usually going into assignments woefully out-gunned, out-numbered, and never quite knowing if they’re going to find friend or foe to help them out. but who said it was going to be easy? it’s just another day in the dystopian, cyberpunk life.

tags: bryan schuder posted in tabletop |   comments off on just another day


always lonely never alone
january 12th, 2015 

welcome to the cage. this is your new home. you’d better accept it too, for there is no way to leave. you are trapped here. as we are… 
always lonely, never alone is a 24-hour rpg submitted to the 2015 loreshapers contest, meeting strangers. it is about common people suddenly waking up trapped in an unknown complex, the cage, along with others. their primary goal is probably to find out how they got there and escape, not necessarily in that order. above all, though, they have to survive. to do that, they will have to work together, which may prove to be the biggest challenge.
alna features quick, random character generation for those who want to get a character fast, special handling of character death, and a light and straightforward set of rules, aimed towards increasing drama and tension.
the game is released under the cc by-nc-sa license.

tags: vic posted in 24 hour rpg, free rpgs |   comments off on always lonely never alone


against all evil: know your enemy
january 12th, 2015 

in this roleplaying game each of you will play a great hero. you fight the evil forces that threaten the land of the free people. you will fight undead and dragons, daemons and dark elves, orcs and evil cults. and eventually you will fail and die. 
new heroes will take the place of the old ones and fight against the enemy your old heroes where not able to defeat. you will learn more and more about the enemy you are facing and in the end you will overcome the evil you are facing.

tags: anastylos posted in 24 hour rpg, free rpgs |   comments off on against all evil: know your enemy


« older entries









search





recent

starguide
planet crashers
kung fu hotel
by a throw of the dice
giant monster invasion!
100 / 3 rpg
eldritch world
red rock
ice rpg
the biomet infection


categories 24 hour rpg (133)

articles (37)

biography (13)

contests (12)

fantasy (8)

fiction (6)

free rpgs (727)

game chef (16)

horror (1)

news (11)

pocketmod (7)

science fiction (17)

tabletop (16)


pagesabout
contact us
contribute
direct linking
donate
free advertising
game chef
guidelines
link to us
links
sponsor
submissions
subscribe
syndication
 




		1km1kt is © danifer web services, all rights reserved
		entries (rss)
		and comments (rss).
		





