


custom rugs, logo rugs, tradeshow logo carpet, designer rugs, military logo rugs











rug show offers an endless variety of custom rugs, logo rugs, bowling wall murals,
military rugs, childrens carpet, entertainment carpets, and tradeshow logo designs
and carpet.rug show industries p.o. box 1079 new tazewell, tn. 37824
usaphone 1-888-517-rugs(7847) or 423-494-7349  e-mail address: info@rug-show.com

welcome to rug show industries



our designer custom area rugs and logo rugs are meticulously hand crafted and
are of exceptional value allowing you, our customer total flexibility to turn your
vision into reality!












we offer a vast selection of custom area rugs. you may design a one-of-a-kind
custom designer rug for your living area, dining room, foyer, logo rug, skating,
bowling center wall murals, or any commercial application. also we offer room size
rugs, tradeshow logo rug/carpet, military logo rugs, kids rugs, black light/neon
carpet, printed carpet, child's carpet, modern rugs, floor covering, wall coverings,
logo rugs, discount rugs, oriental area rugs, in home or business consultation, professional
sales assistance, and marketing help. we cater to individuals, dealers, as well as
tradeshow clients. we offer artists that can help you design and color coordinate
your custom rugs for your home or business. our commitment to quality is seen and
appreciated by all our clients. from the elaborate to the inexpensive, we have the
personalized custom rug you want.






















all of our custom rugs are made to your specifications. all you have to do is
fax or e-mail us a picture of your drawing or sketch and we will give you a quote
based on the size, amount of detail, and carpet chosen. we will work within your
budget if at all possible. custom area rug craft training is also offered to individuals
and business.











rug show's design team allows you to create handcrafted custom rugs of virtually
any design, shape, or size. reproduce the same design from wall covering, window
covering, or upholstery fabric to enhance the decor of your entire room. or let your
interior designer create your custom rug for you. you are only limited by your imagination!






a custom rug is the ultimate way to enrich your space into uniquely your own.
either to beautify your home and style or for the logo rug that you always wanted
for name recognition for your business, allow our designers to work with you on your
custom rug project.



just click on the " next " link below for more of our products.











rug show industries ph: 1-888-517-rugs(7847) or 423-494-7349 e-mail address:
info@rug-show.com






