



welcome - mybgsu











































































						skip to content
					















							welcome
						


























navigation


 welcome 



sign in












 















welcome




 






welcome to mybgsu!
to login, select sign in from the menu at the top right corner of the screen.
the mybgsu portal is designed to be a one-stop shop for access to information from all web-based campus software systems. the portal houses all of the available bgsu self-service links in a way that is easily navigable and meaningful to the user. upon logging in with your bgsu username and password, you can access a variety of campus services, including your bgsu email, canvas, student center, employee information and much more.
one unique feature of the user-friendly web portal is the new "quick links" tool, which includes a searchable list of all links accessible to the user. each quick links view is specifically tailored to the individual user based on current bgsu status and is accessible from every page within mybgsu for added convenience.
to learn more about navigating the mybgsu portal, and to access valuable tools, please visit our knowledge base articles about mybgsu.











hidden




   bowling green state university  bowling green, ohio  43403-0001  419-372-2531  






















accessibility
 report an issue
accessibility enhanced pages bgsu offers alternative versions of all of its pages for our users. you can select the high-contrast version below to persist throughout your bgsu website experience. toggle high contrast bowling green state university (bgsu) has built its website around the standards of the world wide web consortium's (w3c) hyper text markup language (html) 5 and cascading style sheets (css). the website was built in compliance with the accessibility standards established by section 508 of the rehabilitation act and detailed in section 1194.22 of the code of federal regulations, "web-based intranet and internet information and applications" (https://www.section508.gov/). bgsu utilizes many webmasters across campus to maintain all of its web properties. keeping the bgsu website in compliance with section 508 is a joint effort between accessibility services, marketing and communications and information technology services. if any page is discovered to be inaccessible, please report it using the above link and we will ensure that the issue is addressed. events to our guests with disabilities, please indicate if you need special services, assistance or appropriate modifications to fully participate in this event by contacting accessibility services, access@bgsu.edu, 419-372-8495. please notify us prior to the event. 

























