



















































geek_orthodox_pilgrim — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































geek_pilgrim
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














geek_pilgrim







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








geek_orthodox_pilgrim

recent entries
archive
friends
profile




10 most recent

previous 10



sat, jan. 28th, 2006, 01:49 am packet reroute: i am moving this blog!

a few days after the 1st birthday of this blog, i am moving it to my newhost and using my multisited drupal code to host it.  please visit the new site and update your feed links respectively.  this will be the last post on this site, and all of the old content has been migrated also.please update your bookmarks and get the feeds from the new site:http://strannik.com/geekpilgrimhttp://strannik.com/geekpilgrim/node/feed for rss.link leave a commentwed, jan. 25th, 2006, 04:50 am the fab four of sun

the fab four reuniteshere is a webcast worth watching.  the four founders of sun microsystems bantering about the history, present and future.  i miss working at sun, and hearing this type of talk is one of the things i miss.link leave a commentsat, jan. 14th, 2006, 04:26 pm watchful gate gets a major upgrade

i am finally beginning to upgrade the strannik.com family of sites from badymaintained and ugly static pages to sites running under the drupal cms.  after giving up on php nuke (much hacking and database corruption), and having tested mambo and joomla, i must say that i am most happy with drupal's overall flexibility and configuration.  i will be running several sites (perhaps some subdomains) off of a single codebase, with some simple site directives.  theoretically i could use a single database with differing prefixes, but since my new hosting company bluehost.com allows me 50 databases, i am creating one database per site.  i am finding bluehost to exceed my expectations in several ways.check out the new watchful gate in drupal mode!link leave a commentthu, nov. 3rd, 2005, 10:16 pm guardian angels and bullets

san francisco / 3 different shootings leave 7 wounded"the violence started at 11:03 p.m. saturday, when three people were injured by shots fired from a vehicle traveling east on folsom street near 22nd street. less than an hour later in the glen park neighborhood, three people drove up to a parked vehicle near the corner of monterey boulevard and circular avenue and fired on the two people inside, injuring both."my co-worker from raphael house was one of those victims.  he was shot 7 times by a semi-automatic weapon.  none of the bullets hit major organs or arteries, and he is recovering well.  sounds like another opportunity to thank one's guardian angel!link leave a comment | 6 commentstue, nov. 1st, 2005, 11:35 pm "halloween" not scary? it depends where you were!

san francisco / a not-too-scary halloween / police call castro event one of most peaceful latelyfrom the sfgate article:"halloween in the predominantly gay castro district monday night was crowded, but more orderly and low-key compared to years past. though thousands of people were in attendance, the festivities mellowed considerably, and a rough estimate put only about 15 percent of the attendees in costume. police said it was one of the most peaceful halloween gatherings in recent memory."i got off work from raphael house at midnight, when most of the activity would have been over, so i thought it would be no problem to take the bus/subway home.  walking to the bus stop a bunch of punks were busy tipping anything that could be tipped: garbage cans, newspaper racks, etc., even as the police drove right past. the energy on the street was frantic, the polk street bus top was bustling unlike any other monday.  i finally caught the bus down to market street, where i hoped to circumvent the extremely crowded street by taking the subway from civic center.  i just missed a train by 3 seconds, which was too bad, as it turned out to be the last one able to get through.  i waited for 20 minutes, until someone finally announced that there would be no more trains that evening.  in the meantime, i heard lots of commotion coming from the bart platform below (which i could see through a staircase cage).  too many drunken people in costumes were trying to get on too few last trains.  people were actually fighting for a space on one of the last trains.  the bart police showed up and started hitting people with night sticks.i left the station and saw that i was not going to fare any better on the overcrowded bus platforms with few busses (and i had my luggage with me as i was coming back from the weekend).  i finally hailed a cab who got stuck in bumper to bumper traffic, before the driver was able to make a huge detour to get me back to the house ($$ouch$$).  as soon as i unloaded from the cab, several people fought over who would take it. one lady screamed that she had to get out of the area as she had just been mugged.  she and the driver started a verbal war with no language restraints whatsoever.  the cab finally escaped.  as i broght my luggage up the stairs, i noticed a couple of young ladies leaning over the planter in front of the house.  i wasn't about to add a puke cleanup to my already exciting evening, so i told them to please move on to the next suitable receptacle for spew (city hall, perhaps?).  i did not see, as in previous years, people crawling out of various bushes in the neighborhood in the morning, at least.it is true that there were not the multiple stabbings of previous years.  6-7 people were shot during the previous weekend, including one of the workers at raphael house (who i believe is in critical but stable condition as i write this).  i think of my patron, st. john of san francisco, who crashed a halloween ball to glare at his parishoners who chose that event instead of the inaugural vigil for st. john of kronstadt, back in the early '60s.  what would he do with this bacchanalia?  it isn't just that there is a big party going on - that happens several times per year.  it is the atmosphere of this party that is more  disturbing.  people are ready to riot at the slightest provocation.link leave a comment | 1 commentwed, aug. 31st, 2005, 08:20 pm chinese parabolic cookware for wifi

chinese parabolic cookware for wifiyes, this actually works!my housemates (3rd floor) were willing to share their wifi connection with me (on the 1st floor).  right.  i could get a very small signal only if i were in the front room, directly below their router. once i moved further back a room (not even to speak of my room even further back), i lost the signal due to the effect of going through walls diagonally (not to mention more of them).  i got a new(er) usb wifi client to see if things improved (they did slightly), but then i recalled reading about the above phenomenon on slashdot a while back.  it is a short bus ride for me to go to chinatown, where cheap cookware of the type pictured above is available.  i mounted the usb cradle that came with my wifi device onto the cookware, and now i can get a strong signal further back in the house, and a decent signal in my room, which before was impossible.  it is a small matter of using the wifi signal meter to aim the dish for an optimal connection.i may have to try the pringles cantenna one of these days!link leave a comment | 2 commentsfri, aug. 12th, 2005, 12:16 am linuxworld expo in san francisco

infoworld special report: linuxworld conference & expoonce again, i made the rounds at linuxworld expo, which was in the new moscone complex across the street from the sony metreon this year.  geek news sources will give you the general gist.  my personal highlights:receiving several comments and purchase offers on my cute penguin swag backpackchatting with the mozilla folks about firefox and thunderbird featureschatting with knoppix hackers about knoppixwatching people fall off the mechanical bull sponsored by the makers of the blackdog server (new small usb powered server that fits in your hand).lamp grids, unbreakable lamp and generally lots of new companies in this arena doing cool things.getting open solaris 10 on dvd (along with lots of cool sun swag) o'reilly and other publishers giving large discountsthere really wasn't much new in the .org pavillion that i could recall.  novell was a big umbrella, releasing opensuse, and amd also seemed to be everywhere (including the new sun boxen, which i had not seen before).  i always spend a lot of time in the sun booth, but i no longer recognize any of the players.  sun did have a massive unreal tournament setup running on some very nice hardware.  more lamp on the enterprize scale, more servers, and more middleware - sap had a large presence at the show.  this was generally a better show than recent years on the t-shirt index ;-).link leave a commentthu, jul. 28th, 2005, 10:12 pm john's henry cowell park camping adventure

john's henry cowell park camping adventurejust a few pictures from henry cowell state park - redwoods are too hard to photograph with an unsophisticated camera!  this is one of my favorite areas of the world.  i was going to make one more trip to half moon bay, but i am going to quit for a while and catch up on other things.link leave a commentmon, jul. 25th, 2005, 03:33 pm john's angel island camping photos online

john's angel island camping adventure photosi am back from camping on angel island.  it was a first testrun of the "poor man's rv" (converted baby jogger with camping gear).  this week i am camping in henry cowell state park (old growth redwoods). check out the photos at the above link.link leave a comment | 2 commentssun, may. 1st, 2005, 07:15 pm christ is risen!

christ is risen! indeed he is risen!now that lent is over i am back to the blog :-)two languages that are dear to geeks, must alsohave the paschal proclamation made in them:quenya (sorry, no elvish font at the moment):ortanne laivino ; anwa ortanne laivino.klingon:yinqa' hriystos ; yinqa'bej. these and more (with sound files) are available at thepaschal polyglotta site.םק תמאב ; םק ח׳שמהχριστóς α̉νέστηlink leave a comment

10 most recent

previous 10




































