






branch floridians cyber-compound


















jesus said, “i
have cast fire upon the world,
and am guarding it until it is ablaze.”


—gospel of thomas  10:1





    
 

the branch floridians
 are 
an intellectual collective who champion lateral thinking and bad
taste.  we are modern messengers of that most  dangerous of ancient heresies,
“think for
yourself!” and are the resistance movement in the war for your
brain.  branch floridians are equally dedicated to finding out
what’s really
going on, because you need correct information to correctly think for
yourself. 
if  you don’t like to think for yourself,
it is strongly suggested you go elsewhere.


 

brain
disclaimer
:
to appreciate this site and its
underlying premise requires a sarcastic and sardonic sense of humor.  by proceeding, you
agree that you are
 not easily offended by unconventional concepts (factual or fictitious.)  you also
won’t hold this site responsible for any mental trauma or resultant
consequences of  thinking for
yourself.  some people are sheep and are not comfortable with independent thinking or actually 
knowing what’s really going on.  if so, this site is not for you. 
we just unlock your brain, folks; if you misuse it after that, well, that’s your
own lode.
 

 




yes!
i
       have an
                open mind and tolerance 




no!new ideas
                scare me and i  fear change 




 

 

 


interested in joining, or just want more information?
here



 



the cyber-compound is intended
as an open
resource for all members, gentiles, and kindred spirits who wish to  think for
themselves.  to this end it has a reference library, including the
 world domination update archive.
    

click
    for the current issue   (last update: 2.28.2006)



this site is
optimally enabled for (and best viewed through)  pineal chip implants.  if you interface through
non-bioborg means—such as a brain police web browser—you should first make a burnt offering to the

wysiwyg   demon before venturing on.  the html has been
booby-trapped to weed out trolls, spam-spiders, and clueless noobies.  also, at times different text may appear, depending if your browser blocks or
supports fnords.  you have been warned.
if you  are using a browser, we have notices the following
patterns when viewing these pages:

   
    works as well as any other microsoft product

   
oh, so
     you’re the one still using it...
    

   
    the results got lost on the way back
    

   
you get what you pay for  (especially if you pay in flax)
     
  browser test results classified by an fbi agent named mulder
 
   
  “...has good moments but bad quarter-hours.”




— gioacchino rossini
 







sorry for the inconvenience, but then again it’s
 your fault for not being linked to the chain.
of course, if you do have 
a pineal chip implant, you may proceed directly to the inner circle by thought-clicking 
.





 



  

 hits since 4/19/99




questions, comments, complaints: 








© 1999-2006 shade




branch floridians is a (registered) trademark.  all rights reserved






