






cooperative meetings | concierge exceptional event experiences in columbia sc






































home
services

business events & conferences
weddings & receptions
social events venue
catering on-site & off-site
pricing & floor plan


about
venue
gallery
start planning
 


select page


  
 
 














cooperative meetingsmore than just an event center
explore services











exceptional event experiences







we pride ourselves in
comfort, elegance, & service







business events
corporate meetings, trade shows, seminars, conferences, associations, fundraisers, government and more.

view details





weddings
every bride has a dream for her special day. it is our goal to create an event that is a reflection of that dream.

view details





social events
celebrations for any occasion, galas, banquet venue, proms, graduations, holidays & birthday parties and more.

view details





catering services
from hors d’oeuvre to upscale dinners, our catering team will create a sumptuous, fare that fits your taste and budget.

view details





start planning








our experienced team is ready to create an exceptional event, personalized just for you. we’ll begin with your very own event planner that will pay attention to every detail.
let us make your event an “experience” like no other!







testimonials & reviews

write a review







“great venue. attended for company business. lunch was great. seating and space very comfortable.  ample parking with easy access to front entrance. easy off and on to interstate.”
lisa f
columbia, sc






“we have had several meetings at the columbia conference center, and we consistently encounter a pleasant and accommodating staff as well as nice and clean premises. the center is also conveniently located near the interstate. our attendees are not comfortable with the  idea of other locations.”
sarah g
columbia, sc






“this is a great conference location.  not the easiest place to find, but the space is very accommodating for a small to med-size conference.  the food provided was also tasty.”
encarna r
columbia, sc






view more reviews








cooperative conference center

partnerships / places to stay
hampton inn on the lake at harbison  pref. hampton rate: corp. id # 0002645232
aloft columbia harbison aloft: mention cooperative conference center when booking.
residence inn | towneplace suites
803.749.7575 | 803.749.7552



catering services


view menu



connect with us

address
169 laurelhurst avenue columbia, sc 29210

phone
803-772-9811



best in business awards 2023
www.scsae.org

contact form

followfollowfollowfollow



 








copyright © 2023. all rights reserved cooperative meetings columbia, sc  web design miami: gohooper web design 






pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





linkedin





 





















