






covenant of the goddess | representing witches and wiccans since 1975































































home
about cog

about cog
additional info.
interfaith connections
merrymeet
local councils map
awards
faq about cog


about witchcraft

about witchcraft
overview
definitions
traditions
basic philosophy
general practices
holidays
seeking a teacher
magickal arts booklist
faq about wicca


how to join

how to join
applications
outreach members


cog newsroom

cog newsroom
cog calendar
social media, blogs etc.
community links
brochures & flyers


merry part

merry part
how we view grieving
modern ideas
outline & examples for services
ancient practices
inspiration


member login
contact us

contact us


 





select page


  
 



 



 













covenant of the goddessassuring pagan rights since 1975
















the covenant of the goddess envisions a world where all living beings are honored and cherished as manifestations of the sacred.
















we, the covenant of the goddess, through advocacy, education, interfaith action, and resource sharing, empower witches and wiccans to protect, strengthen, and enrich our religion, society, and the earth.





















current newsletter
the newsletter is published 8 times a year on the sabbats including the latest activities by local councils, national board, and community events. click here.







merrymeet / grand council
merrymeet is the annual gathering for cog and includes workshops, rituals, vendors and entertainment.  grand council is the annual business meeting of the covenant.








what's happening around cog (calendar)
a calendar of events and activities that  covenant members are involved in.               image © 1984 by amber k. click here













representing witches and wiccans since 1975
as is consistent with the values and beliefs of our religion, the covenant affirms our belief in the spiritual and social wisdom of peace in the world. we aspire to stand in fellowship with the people of all religions, cultures, and ethnicities in our shared desire for peace. we do this for the sake of our shared love of the earth and all living things that dwell upon it.








vision and mission statements
the covenant of the goddess envisions a world where all living beings are honored and cherished as manifestations of the sacred.
we, the covenant of the goddess, through advocacy, education, interfaith action, and resource sharing, empower witches and wiccans to protect, strengthen, and enrich our religion, society, and the earth.








covenant of the goddess support of gay and lesbian marriage
covenant of the goddess has, since its inception in 1975, had clergy willing to celebrate the religious if not the legal joining of two members of the same gender. while we respect the right of the individual clergy within cog who may choose not to perform such a ceremony, we are in support of marriage between two committed adults of any gender, and a majority of our celebrants are willing to perform such ceremonies.
covenant of the goddess is supportive of stable family environments between spouses who are becoming family and views same gender marriages as a civil right. as pagans who are witches or wiccan, we remember our history and know that marriage is a civil contract, and historically, such was done to determine what property and belongings and livestock would be paid or received by the father of the bride or groom when the two families made an alliance. same gender marriages date back to ancient greek and roman times, when the majority of citizens were pagan. marriage today is one way that two people can immediately become next of kin, and in today’s society with national privacy act issues, it is even more important for everyone in a loving committed relationship to have this right.








environmental statement
we, members of the covenant of the goddess, honor the sacredness of planet earth and mother nature.
we honor the powers of air and we rejoice in breathing fresh air and in all the creatures of air. we support efforts to protect the atmosphere that shields our planet and to ensure that our air is clean and refreshing.
we honor the fire of the sun above and the fire within our earth — the fires that warm us and transform us. we support efforts to provide sustainable energy to fuel our future without further damaging our ecosystem.
we honor the waters of life – springs, rivers, lakes and oceans – and the waters of our bodies – blood, sweat and tears — the waters that keep our bodies and our dreams fluid and ever – changing. we cherish all the creatures of water. we believe that access to clean water is a basic right, and thus we oppose privatization of water sources and efforts to deny anyone access to those sources. we support efforts to prevent and reverse pollution of our waters, to preserve groundwater, marshlands and the oceans that embrace our world.
we honor the earth, our bodies, trees and plants, animals and rocks, and all that is manifest on this plane of existence. we support efforts to remediate damage, to conserve natural resources, to preserve ecosystems and biodiversity, and to maintain wilderness areas.








black lives matter
the covenant of the goddess supports efforts to speak out for social justice. black lives matter.
cog is appalled at the mistreatment and killings of black, brown and other minorities in extrajudicial actions. racism is systemic in american society – in everyday life and in our judicial and penal systems.
people of color deserve due process under the law that the white majority takes for granted. law enforcement officers who breach the public trust must be held accountable. more effective communication between communities of color and every part of our justice system is overdue and necessary for real changes to manifest.
the covenant has formed a committee for social justice to explore actions that will lead to equity and justice in the covenant and beyond. we invite people of color who are witches, wiccans, pagans, and other allies, to share with us your concerns about social injustices and the disparity of privilege because we care and black lives matter.








statement on standing rock 
covenant of the goddess, one of the oldest american wiccan and witchcraft organizations, has at its very roots, the spiritual assumption that all of nature is sacred, from humanity to the waters of life.  while the members of cog are diverse in practice, this fundamental spiritual ideal lives at the core of the organization’s heart.
. . . .
and as such, as a group of many, the covenant of the goddess stands together with the great standing rock sioux nation, the lakota, all indigenous peoples and their allies in the protection of the waters of life and ask for the blessing and support for the water protectors in their work to keep the water safe and free for us, our future generations, and in honor of our ancestors.













interfaith blog
 








public information officer's blog








social justice blog










contact us




name


email address


message






5 + 11 = 


submit







 







the covenant of the goddess is a public non-profit 501c3 organization. 





click above to donate!
you can also scan the qr code with your phone to donate!        




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 


























