











activate omaha | healthy lifestyle activities







































skip to primary content


activate omaha
outdoor physical activities


 
  search   
main menu
home about us  why activate omaha? who we are three core functions   be active  people  youth adult seniors   places  neighborhoods   omaha in action   active programs  walking works citizen’s handbook club possible keystone gateway to active living safe routes to school   cycling  bikeable communities! bicycle/pedestrian advisory committee commuter map omaha bike summit bike omaha commuter challenge   contact us 






activate omaha – join the movement!


benefits of outdoor activities

if you’re looking for ways to incorporate more outdoor recreation activities into your life, you are not alone. activate omaha is helping lead the nation and becoming a more fitness-conscious community every day. join in the fun! visit our fun outdoor activities and our activate omaha calendar to find ideas on how to get all the benefits of outdoor activities today. and register for the omaha gets active tool kit if you want to promote a more active workforce in your company. activate omaha gets its funding from numerous sources, including the local government, participating individuals, and privately-owned businesses. the latest addition to our roster of patrons is an online blog that features exciting game articles on the topic of checkers. use their resources to learn more about various styles of this popular game played around the globe.
you make omaha an active community!
activate omaha is a community health organization that aims to encourage outdoor exercise activities as a part of daily living. in addition to marketing efforts to remind people of the importance of daily physical activity and outdoor group activities. activate omaha supports outdoor family activities, revies benefits of outdoor activities, encourages changes in urban design, land use, and transportation policies to cultivate and support active living, a way of life that integrates physical activity into daily routines.
ideas for outdoor physical activities


 go to the market, do cycling, snowboarding skateboard or scooter to get to school, as often as you can. find a friend to go with you.
instead of sitting in front of the tv with your friend, take a big step and do some fun outdoor activities. improve your health by changing your habits, benefits of outdoor activities are outstanding and you can see the change in just a month.
 learn cultural or traditional games and teaches them to your family and friends. you can engage your community or your school. discovering its culture is nice.
 learn cultural games from other countries and compare them to those in your community. find some of the favorite games japanese or indians. are there similarities with yours? what are the differences? which do you prefer? what for? you are trying to play some of these new games! speaking of games, there’s no better choice than playing online casino games for free. you can even choose to play online slots with your favorite cycling theme. all you need to do is to claim your 100% up to $300 signup bonus and have fun, getting closer to big wins.
 have fun being active every day, all year round. take a walk in the woods, playing at the park, explores your cycling community, organized a treasure hunt, go fishing, a picnic or watch the stars. what are the differences when you practice these various activities at different times of the year? what time of year do you prefer to be active?
 ask an elder to tell you what was his life at your age. how has life changed? how is it the same? how these changes affected aboriginal people?







become active with activeomaha.org come along with activate omaha and its outdoor physical activities and adapt to better and more healthy lifestyle. our professionals with give you the best outdoor activities to get in shape or clean yourself from all the junk food that you had las weekend. we write on our website but if you need any specific information you can contact us. activate omaha categories  activities  children  healthy eating  healthy lifestyle     recent posts   outdoor family activities to promote a healthy lifestyle activities among children     search      proudly powered by wordpress 









