





a caring, professional senior placement service – person + place = perfect match

































		skip to content











					a caring, professional senior placement service
				


				person + place = perfect match
			
 





main menu
 


home
about usmenu toggle

susan pomerantz, founder/ceo
diane kirbis, msn – senior advisor
julie dennis – client relations director


communitiesmenu toggle

independent living
assisted living
memory care
board & care


faqs
coverage area
testimonials
contact
 



















 


 
 

 





let us help you….  


a free, caring, professional placement service for seniors and their families, providing select choices for independent, assisted and memory care living. what distinctly sets concepts for living apart is our in-depth knowledge and experience of healthcare. we honor and empower each individual to live their best life.
 getting to know each other
our no obligation consultation assists us to assess your care and living needs. our goal during this initial step is to put your mind at ease and let you know what to expect and the supportive process we provide.
  identifying your lifestyle needs
our conversations identify lifestyle preferences and requirements. we will evaluate your individual situation and begin to identify appropriate communities to determine which options can best meet your specific needs and expectations.

 touring the communities
we co-ordinate visits and guide you while viewing suggested housing options. we will hold your hand during this phase and provide support during the selection process.
 continual support
during and after the move, we will continue to support you and your family while assisting with any concerns or questions that may arise during this transition.
we carefully check and evaluate each community we recommend to ensure they are compliant with licensing, staffing, cleanliness, safety and security. their level of personal care, meals provided and activities are part of our assessment.
person + place = perfect match




 







 

 

 

 











copyright © 2025 concepts for living						

							6351 owensmouth ave #203, woodland hills, 91367						
 














