





 | published by exhibit a press







































 






 








search







menu
skip to content
home
news
upcoming events
blog
books
comics

wolff & byrd
supernatural law
mavis


other projects
shop

books
comics
merchandise


galleries
about

batton lash
wolff & byrd
mavis


contact us
 









here’s the place to get your supernatural law fix!


looking for some fun reads? check out batton lash’s supernatural law/wolff & byrd trades (up through the most recent, grandfathered in) in the “books” section, as well as jackie estrada’s two acclaimed hardcover photo books of comics luminaries: comic book people. copies of the batton lash tribute book are also on hand for purchase.
continue reading →








announcements / books / news


batton lash tribute book


available for a limited time: batton lash: the first gentleman of comics. this 32-page 8 1/2 x 11 full-color publication includes an in-depth career-spanning interview originally conducted by jon cooke for comic book creator magazine. it also contains pinups from some of batton’s closest friends, plus a beautiful handpainted cover by bill sienkiewicz. the back…





news


comic-con international 2019


this was the final year for an exhibit a press booth at the san diego comic-con. john berry and debbie hogan-berry shared the booth, with lots of volunteers helping out. batton’s brother bill and sister irene were on hand most days to greet visitors to the booth. the main item on sale was batton lash:…





news


batton lash, october 29, 1953 – january 12, 2019


thank you for the outpouring of tributes and condolences at the loss of supernatural law creator batton lash. here is rob salkowitz’s tribute. many more were aggregated by the late tom spurgeon here.





announcements / books / news


supernatural law: grandfathered in


supernatural law: grandfathered in:  in this full-color original graphic novel, alanna wolff and jeff byrd take on a case in which a ghost is literally “grandfathered in” to a home inheritance: grandpa has died but his ghost won’t leave the house, much to the chagrin of his son and daughter-in-law. meanwhile at the law offices,…








 



get connected








			copyright © 2025  - published by exhibit a press.







 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website




















































