










home - ipm


























































































 


 
























skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window info@ipm.co.za010 534 5592hr resoursesconvention presentationscontact uspodcastlogin
search:










ipm
the institute of people management

home about usboard members ipm legends code of good conduct  excellence awards2023 excellence awardsexhibitors gallery 2023  2024 excellence awardsexhibitors gallery 2024  excellence awards committee members event gallery  partnershipsaihr partners aihr videos gibs masterclasses hr pulse  people-dynamics professional designationprofessional designation continuous professional development professional designation policy policy on recognition of prior learning  librarykr publishing books e-books  trainingipm courses ipm training academy coaching and mentorship  
become a member



 
home about usboard members ipm legends code of good conduct  excellence awards2023 excellence awardsexhibitors gallery 2023  2024 excellence awardsexhibitors gallery 2024  excellence awards committee members event gallery  partnershipsaihr partners aihr videos gibs masterclasses hr pulse  people-dynamics professional designationprofessional designation continuous professional development professional designation policy policy on recognition of prior learning  librarykr publishing books e-books  trainingipm courses ipm training academy coaching and mentorship  















 













ipm


				membership 

				excellence awards 

				people dynamics 

				convention & exhibition 

				training academy			






the institute of people management  
























 







 











 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 










 
trusted by 500+ companies























the institute of 
people management  







the institute of people management (ipm) is a professional membership body representing the human resource and people management fraternity. we are a not-for-profit, independent body with official professional recognition from the south african qualifications authority (saqa).we dedicate our efforts to providing knowledge and tools for strategic and operational people management and development that contributes to the growth, profitability and sustainability of businesses.  our values are member-centricity, integrity and advocacy. 











 



luyolo geza
 



interim chief executive officermember of hrdc south africa 

















 
vision & values.






we have a vision for the future of hr 












excellent awards 

0












completed hr events 

0












ipm members  

0












ipm partners 
+
0












































































 





our values are member centricity, integrity and advocacy. 



									the institute of people management (ipm) 								
















 




 
 
 
 

								business analysis for hr							 
this course is ideal for hr professionals who want to enhance their analytical capabilities and harness the power of data to optimize hr processes. hr managers, hr business partners, hr analysts, and individuals responsible for hr analytics and reporting will greatly benefit from this program. additionally, professionals transitioning into hr roles or seeking to expand their skill set in hr analytics are encouraged to attend.


 






register now


























 




 
 
 
 

								hr for new managers							 
this short course is ideal for aspiring hr managers, who would benefit from hr based practices and techniques as they seek to build and motivate high performance teams. a business without an organised, cooperative line manager is prone to make conflicting business decisions, which can have a negative impact on an organisation as a whole. this can also lead to mismanaged expectations amongst the businesses personnel


 






register now


























						register for					

						ipm membership 					


						register					



ipm

















						people dynamics					

						get ipm magazine 					


						view					



ipm




































get in touch  



 









 

 
 
 
 

												address											 
26 melville road, illovo, johannesburg 2196


 

 
 
 
 

												business hours											 

mon – fri …… 7 am – 5 pm
sat, sun …… closed


 

 










 

 
 
 
 

												call us											 
010 534 5592


 

 
 
 
 

												email us											 
info@ipm.co.za


 

 





















© copyright 2024 ipm. all rights reserved. by vixion design 










facebook
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 















go to top













registration form
 



the institute of people management (ipm) 











								name							




								surname							




								phone							




								email							




								ipm member ?							


 

ipm member ?   
yes
no






								select a course							


 

select a course
business analysis for hr short course
hr for new managers





 



send
















































































