



the atlanta equine clinic - medicine, lameness evaluations and equine surgery








powered by conduit
   

// -->























    schedule an appointment on-line consultations events & seminars newsletter product special





    questions & answers client education library veterinary medicine news cases of interest related web links





  pharmacy







contact us 





















              aec 
              




digital motion analysis, endoscopy, radiography & ultrasound.
increase your veterinary knowledge by visiting our client education library.
order medications & supplies with ease and security.
participate in an ongoing research trial.
let us provide detailed, accurate and informative answers to your medical questions & concerns.
sign up for our popular "lameness for the layman" seminar.
shock wave therapy, surgery, stem cell grafting, irap & prp injection, tildren and more.
sign up to receive our quarterly newsletter... always interesting & informative.
submit photographs, video footage & diagnostic images for meticulous interpretation by our staff.
search for everything horse-related... and list your ad for free.
catch up on current diseases affecting our horses.
the atlanta equine clinic has been serving a diverse clientele both in the united states and internationally since 1997.
learn about new & different approaches to hoof care.
test your skills in recognizing equine lameness.
read about fascinating & unusual medical cases in our practice.
get the scoop on new veterinary medications & products available for your horse.
we perform lameness evaluations, specialized diagnostics, advanced therapeutics and surgery at your barn.





























 


"we have the technology to see your horse's problem and the expertise to understand it. 
our goal is to provide your horses with the very best in veterinary diagnostics and treatment possible, and you with the tools and support required to keep them sound and healthy for years to come."




 



the atlanta equine clinic:  ph. 678-867-2577





