






 



light industrial staffing | office staffing agencies
























































































chat with us, powered by livechat











skip to content






active staffing

always active
employee portalemployee portal login registration payroll correction form direct deposit / lost paycard form  client portalclient portal login  english español 2018 loginregister
search jobs


home staffing servicesoverview factory/industrial food production office services hospitality staffing retail transportation division active plus: executive search expert recruiting  executive search jobsworking for active our jobs register search open positions hiring process: light industrial hiring process: cdl & non-cdl drivers benefits faqs  about usour story mission, vision, values the active team affiliations  news & insightsactive blog active news  contact uscontact us branch locations & hours  

search:












 
home staffing servicesoverview factory/industrial food production office services hospitality staffing retail transportation division active plus: executive search expert recruiting  executive search jobsworking for active our jobs register search open positions hiring process: light industrial hiring process: cdl & non-cdl drivers benefits faqs  about usour story mission, vision, values the active team affiliations  news & insightsactive blog active news  contact uscontact us branch locations & hours  















improving lives.
we improve lives by providing jobs and talent that help our clients, associates and team members grow.


 




building skills.
we create opportunities for people to find meaningful work and build skills that will last a lifetime.
 




always active.
our hands-on care and modern tech-savvy approach delivers better talent and faster hires to the light industrial sector.
 


better talent.faster hires.








active areas of expertise


active plus:
executive search








active plus. proven expertise to fill the most senior roles in your organization.


learn morefactory/
industrial



boost productivity and efficiency with employees who get the job done. specialized in manufacturing and logistics.


learn morefood
production



safe, clean employees with skill and experience in modern food production settings.


learn moreoffice
services



enhance your company’s back office with clerical and administrative personnel perfectly matched to your business.


learn moreretail



friendly, reliable employees for special projects, seasonal or long-term retail roles.


learn moretransportation
division



qualified. safe. hard-working. our cdl and non-cdl drivers are focused on your route, your customers, and on safety. they’ll drive – and unload!


learn more


expect the best.

welcome to active staffing services! we are a family-owned staffing company that specializes in the light industrial, food production, retail and office services sectors.
for more than 70 years, we’ve provided our clients with a steady, reliable workforce and offered our associates jobs where they can thrive. our always active approach connects technology, talent, and opportunity for our clients, associates, and team members.
experience “the active way” with our better talent and faster hires at our branches in new york, new jersey, georgia, florida, michigan, ohio, maryland or texas.






what our clients are saying








“just wanted to let you know your guys worked very hard today and i would definitely recommend them for any job.”
jen wyse, global art fair productions








“i have been in the quality control business for over 5 years and i can say that active staffing is the best partner i have ever had. they are always very professional and extremely quick to respond to our needs.”
james tate, atco industries








“thank you again for staffing our event. it was handled with courtesy and professionalism.”
cindy galle, operations manager, thompson arts center at park avenue armory








“of all the years i have worked with agencies, these two associates are by far the best! they are doing a great job.”
adam, park avenue building & roofing supply





recent blog posts





 



active staffing ceo benny elzweig named to staffing 100 north america

active blog, active newsjanuary 20, 2025
mountain view, california — staffing industry analysts (sia) – the global research and advisory firm focused on staffing and workforce solutions – announced the 2025 staffing 100 north america and staffing 25 latin america. now in their 14th and ninth years respectively, these annual lists shine a spotlight on influential staffing leaders making impressive strides…

read more



 



anna fazekas promoted to vice president of operations

active blogmay 24, 2024
with more than 19 years at active staffing, anna fazekas brings nearly two decades of expertise to her role as vice president of operations. since joining the company in 2005 as a receptionist, anna has served in almost every department, contributing significantly to their development and growth. her extensive experience…

read more



 



active staffing acquires employment geeks

active blog, active newsapril 29, 2024
active staffing acquires orlando-based employment geeks employment service pioneers bringing proven approach to central florida active staffing services, a new york-based professional workforce solutions company with offices around the nation, announced today that it has acquired orlando-based employment geeks. employment geeks specializes in a broad range of industries, including office…

read more



transparency in coverage compliance












 
always active


site mapprivacyterms & conditions

 
connect with us



















 
affiliations



 








					© 2024 active staffing services, inc.
                








go to top






































































