










down island villa rentals – carriacou – caribbean vacation villa rentals in carriacou, grenada, the grenadines, west indies
















































































down island villa rentals – carriacou

 caribbean vacation villa rentals in carriacou, grenada, the grenadines, west indies

















cedar view

sleeps 2/4. from $195 to $220 per day. (not suitable for children under 12 years or people with impaired mobility. ) cedar view is quietly located on the hillside at continue reading →











goyaba beach house

sleeps 2/6 in 3 double bedrooms. from us$140.00 per day. certified by the grenada bureau of standards take a few steps through the garden and you are on one of continue reading →




<
>


down island offers a selection of peaceful, privately owned villas, cottages and apartments in carriacou's best locations.some of the most beautiful locations in the caribbean, with splendid views of the grenadines. our friendly on-island management team will take good care of you.view the villas

our services


villas for rent



											peaceful, privately-owned vacation villas, cottages and apartments in some of the most beautiful locations in the caribbean.
										




property management



											complete management and rental service for absentee owners.
										




vacation resources



											carriacou offers a change of pace with its relaxed and easy way of life.
										




about carriacou



											carriacou is the largest of the group of islands known as the grenadines, which lie scattered between st vincent and grenada.
										








your carriacou vacation home


down island villa rentals is your one stop for vacation rentals in beautiful carriacou, grenada! you will find a wide range of vacation villas that meet your needs in terms of amenities, location, and budget. please read our general rental terms & conditions











browse by keywordair conditioning
beach access
carriacou villa rentals
child friendly
complies with grenadian bureau of standards
hillside
i-device accessories
laundry
luxury
pool
sleeps 2
sleeps 4
sleeps 6
superb views
views
villa rental carriacou
wifi
browse by category

general information

pool



location

craigston

l'esterre

lauriston

sea view

upper craigston



property type

apartment

cottage

villa




 
search



 






site map

grenada bureau of standards
your carriacou vacation home
vacation villa listings
about carriacou

carriacou map


vacation resources

how to book with us
jeep rental


property management

 

down island ltd. – carriacou, grenada, west indies 
the first name for villa rentals and property management on carriacou. established in 1992, we are a locally owned and operated business whose goal it is to provide professional service to our guests and owners.
"carriacou:  the simplest of the grenadines" 
email: islander@islandvillas..comphone: 1+(473) 443-8182
fax: 1+(473) 443-8290

 

looking to buy real estate in carriacou? real estate sales: visit carriacou.net for residential and commercial homes and land for sale.
 




copyright © 2021 down island villa rentals – carriacou  all rights reserved.catch kathmandu by catch themes
















