





reformed churches of new zealand











































 skip to content







 















 


search for:








homewho we arethe gospelour worshipour beliefsour locationsour historysister churchesmissionsonline resourceswritten sermonscreeds and confessionsliturgical formsfaith in focusrcnz hymnalgeneral resourcesbible study materialsynodicaldiaconalgeneralyouth workchurch campcontactministers 


search for:








homewho we arethe gospelour worshipour beliefsour locationsour historysister churchesmissionsonline resourceswritten sermonscreeds and confessionsliturgical formsfaith in focusrcnz hymnalgeneral resourcesbible study materialsynodicaldiaconalgeneralyouth workchurch campcontactministershomewho we arethe gospelour worshipour beliefsour locationsour historysister churchesmissionsonline resourceswritten sermonscreeds and confessionsliturgical formsfaith in focusrcnz hymnalgeneral resourcesbible study materialsynodicaldiaconalgeneralyouth workchurch campcontactministers




 









homeadmin2021-09-27t10:59:54+13:00 
welcome to the website of the reformed churches of new zealand.
we are a federation of churches spread throughout new zealand
whose aim is to faithfully proclaim the gospel of jesus christ.
find a church near you   explore what we believe
we believe the truth of god’s word as expressed in the holy bible. this is reflected in our churches’ motto:
“your word is a lamp to my feet and the light shines in the darkness.”
our understanding of the bible is summarised in the creeds and confessions of the protestant reformation, and we seek to apply the word not only to matters of faith, but to all of life.
read our creeds & confessions

church locator
looking for a church to call home? travelling and want to hear the gospel proclaimed? find a congregation here.
our beliefs
we confess jesus christ as the only saviour and the sovereign lord over all life. click here to read more.
missions
in obedience to the great commission, we are committed to the priority of mission work around the world.
creeds & confessions
we confess the old and new testaments to be the inspired truth of the gospel. read our creeds and confessions.
youth work
our churches recognise the importance of the education of our children and young people in the ways of the lord.
contact
find contact details for our churches, ministers, various clerks and our webmaster here.




 
 






		reformed churches of new zealand | designed by tailgunner 



 
 
 
 


 
 

























































































go to top





