



	homeowners, car, & business insurance - knoxville ia/pella ia - mckay group - mckay group

































call us 641-842-2135
☰
˟










call us 641-842-2135







our agency

aboutemployee directoryour providersquote forms

quotes

auto insurance quotecommercial auto insurance quotefarm quote requestfinancial servicesgroup health quote for my businesshomeowners insurance quoteindividual health quote, under 65individual health quote, over 65life insurance quotemunicipalitiesrecreational vehicle insurance quoterenters insurance quoterestauranttravel

products

life insurancehealth insuranceauto insurancerecreational vehicle insurancefinancial servicesfarm insurancehome insurancecoverage for specific industriesadditional insurance servicescoverage for your businesscoverage for your employees

contact us

contact usmain officelocations



































homeowners, car, & business insurance - knoxville ia/pella ia







offering personally-tailored homeowners, car, and business insurance to our neighbors throughout central iowa and beyond
locally owned and operated since 1946, mckay group offers a wide variety of insurance programs, including home, auto, life and health insurance. we specialize in silent sports insurance, restaurant insurance, brewery insurance and insurance for municipalities. in addition, we offer financial services and have a great deal of experience with commercial insurance.
our top insurance partners are nationwide insurance, auto-owners, west bend insurance, imt and pekin. we begin the process of creating your customized insurance package by getting to know you, and learning your needs and concerns. there is always someone at mckay group available to answer your questions--and if we don't know the answers, we will work to find them. 
we proudly provide insurance solutions to clients in and around knoxville, pleasantville, melcher-dallas, pella, chariton and des moines, but we also work with other cities and regions across the country.
our mission
to maintain and better the quality of life in the communities we serve through asset protection products and services and thoughtful risk management. we can do this because we have the ability to provide high quality service, high level of knowledge, the ability to innovate through markets and products, the earned trust of our clients and the commitment through both talent and financial means.








featured products



farm



restaurant



municipalities



recreational vehicles



financial services



silent sports













email us


call us


visit us












what people are saying




read more customer reviews









did we just become pen pals?

yup. join our email list for our monthly newsletters: industry insights, community spotlights, q&a, and a community calendar brought right to your inbox. you want the top or bottom bunk?








* indicates required
first name *
last name *
email address *








































home|
get a quote|
customer service|
 about us|
contact


main office
106 e main st  |  knoxville, ia 50138
office: 641-842-2135  |  fax: 641-828-2013

oskaloosa office
124 a ave e  |  oskaloosa, ia 52577
office: 641-673-9448  |  fax: 641-673-0424

pleasantville office
201 w monroe st  |  pleasantville, ia 50225
office: 515-848-5413



































