










telecom traffic software - westbay engineers limited




















































 




skip to content



 




westbay engineers
erlang and call center software








    menu	
software products  

cc-excel
erlang for excel
westbay traffic calculators
ansapoint
voip calculator
buy and download


online calculators  

erlang b calculator
erlang c calculator
call center calculator
call minutes calculator
voip bandwidth calculator
erlangs to ip bandwidth calculator
extended erlang b calculator
engset calculator


support  

what is an erlang?
sizing a trunk group
call center agents
voip protocols
voip bandwidth
cc-excel faq
erlang for excel faq
westbay traffic calculators faq
ansapoint faq
voip calculator faq


forums  

telecom design
call center
excel boardroom
voice over ip
5g



  
			scroll down to content		












telecom traffic software


telecom traffic software tools to help you design and analyse telephone networks and call centers, with licences for lifetime use and free upgrades, from just 45 us dollars.
telecom traffic and call center software
since launching our first product in 1996, we have become the trusted supplier of industry-standard erlang software to the world’s largest companies and governments. tens of thousands of customers in 125 countries across six continents rely on us for their erlang and call center staffing software.































































 

erlang add-ins for excel
if you use excel for your telecoms traffic and call center planning, then our two add-ins can effortlessly bring erlang functionality into your workflow.



call center functionsfor microsoft excel



erlang functionsfor microsoft excel


our excel add-ins are quick to install and include example calculators and tables to demonstrate their use. using microsoft excel to create your modelling tools means you can tailor your workbooks to meet your exact requirements, perhaps using pivot tables, data importing, charting and conditional formatting.
free telecom traffic calculators
you can use our free online telecom traffic calculators to work out the number of lines required in a trunk group, and to assist in call center analysis:

we offer eight online calculators that you can use now, at no cost:



erlang b calculator
erlang c calculator
call center staffing calculator
voip bandwidth calculator 





erlang bandwidth calculator
call minutes calculator
extended erlang b calculator
engset calculator



forum
share your thoughts and exchange ideas with fellow telecom traffic and call center professionals. search over 50,000 messages posted since 1998, covering telecommunications design, voice over ip, call center operations and 5g forum (ai and the internet of things).





a new meeting place to share excel tips and tricks, particularly relating to our excel add-ins for call center and erlang calculations. watch tutorials and download modelling templates. join us for a chat in the boardroom.


































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors













 










site highlightssoftware products
support
contact us
about us
search erlang.com



			search for:		


  
		search	

 

technical paperswhat is an erlang?
what are erlang calculators?
how many lines does my trunk group need?
how many call center agents do i need?
what are the voip protocols?
how much voip bandwidth do i need?
what erlang software is available?
what call center software is available?
 


© westbay engineers ltd., 2025			 - privacy policy



























































































































































































