






 




home - saddle up!


















































































































skip to content






saddle up!
therapeutic horseback riding program for children with disabilities

aboutcontact location news & media team rides careers continuing education  horses programsadaptive riding program therapy services adaptive horsemanship fun on the farm equestrian club interactive vaulting from the ground up alumni transitions  eventssuper show & super week pony up! music country grand prix chukkers for charity fwc art show governor’s club lga holiday bazaar  parentslesson fee payments  volunteercontact us about volunteering volunteer opportunities logging volunteer hours notify su! of any absence  donatemake a gift how you can help our donors wish list donor policy  

search:











 
aboutcontact location news & media team rides careers continuing education  horses programsadaptive riding program therapy services adaptive horsemanship fun on the farm equestrian club interactive vaulting from the ground up alumni transitions  eventssuper show & super week pony up! music country grand prix chukkers for charity fwc art show governor’s club lga holiday bazaar  parentslesson fee payments  volunteercontact us about volunteering volunteer opportunities logging volunteer hours notify su! of any absence  donatemake a gift how you can help our donors wish list donor policy  


welcome tosaddle up!discover our programsmeet ourcrewour horsesprogramswe need yoursupportmake a giftvolunteerwelcome tosaddle up!discover our programswe need yoursupportmake a giftvolunteer

















 















donate here










programs










volunteers










about















mission statement 



saddle up’s mission is to impact the lives of children and young adults with disabilities by providing opportunities to grow and develop through therapeutic, educational and recreational experiences with horses. we bring that mission to life by providing a year-round program on our 34-acre farm near franklin, tn. 







certified instructors 



to ensure the safety of its participants and a quality learning opportunity, saddle up! requires all of its instructors to be certified by the professional association of therapeutic horsemanship international (path intl.) in addition, we provide special training for our dedicated group of volunteers who come from all walks of life, age brackets and locations in the area to serve in the program. 



















our impact by the numbers 












hours of equine therapy provided 

0












volunteer hours logged 

0












($) value of volunteer service hours 

0



















upcoming events 











 







“saddle up! has been part of our family for many years and we have seen first-hand the impact that saddle up’s mission has on its riders and families. the incredible care of the staff, the power of the horses and the excitement of the riders all comes together in a facility that fosters an incredible transformation. i’m honored to be part of such an amazing organization, and look forward to being part of its growth. 



brian hubbardboard president, saddle up! nashville 











programs 



we love what we do! 











saddle up! is a path international premier accredited center which provides high quality programs in the field of equine-assisted services and therapies. based on your child’s needs and interests, we can provide adaptive riding, therapy services, adaptive horsemanship, fun on the farm, equestrian club, interactive vaulting, from the ground up and/or alumni transitions. to find out more information about our programs and how to get your child involved, please review the information below. 



why the horse? 



nothing can compare to the power of the horse. the auto industry has put “horsepower” into their engines for decades, but there is a “horse power” beyond strength and speed that only a real horse can provide. saddle up! partners with their herd to offer children and youth with disabilities a unique environment to grow and develop. our horses provide movement, support, learning opportunities, strength, stability, companionship, and much more to participants in all of our different programs. to see the horses in action and the amazing power they have to offer, feel free to schedule a visit for you and your family. 










 




							adaptive riding						

















 




							therapy services						

















 




							adaptive horsemanship						

















 




							fun on the farm						














 




							equestrian club						

















 




							interactive vaulting						

















 




							from the ground up						

















 




							alumni transitions						















contact us 



1549 old hillsboro roadfranklin, tn 37069-9136 







 
email our team











stay in the loop 



join our email newsletter mailing list to stay in the loop about all that’s “up in the saddle!” 







 
sign up here















let's get social 






facebook
 



youtube
 



instagram
 











 








share this page

share on facebookshare on facebook
share on linkedinshare on linkedin















					© saddle up!  2025. all rights reserved.
                

615 794 1150 info@saddleupnashville.org
powered bypodops media






go to top







































































