



pound puppy rescue: northern california san francisco bay area dog adoption

















faqs
find a pup
adoption application
resources
volunteer
donate
contact





who we are

pound puppy rescue is a 501(c)3 nonprofit founded in 2001. we rescue approximately 400 puppies every year. we are a completely volunteer run organization whose purpose is to keep puppies out of overcrowded shelters where they are at risk for disease and euthanasia. puppies are fostered in volunteer foster homes where we can keep the puppies healthy, socialized, and in their litter until they are old enough to be placed in permanent, loving homes.
all of the puppies we rescue come to us looking for love and a "forever" home. our hope is that all puppies placed through our organization will never experience being homeless or unloved again.


thank you for considering adopting a rescue puppy! watch the video at left to see what ppr is all about! 




next adoption event(s)


come meet our puppies!
sage & basil (12 week old chihuahua mixes), the sushi roll litter (9 week old lab mixes) and biquette (12 week old shepherd mix)

maybe more! check in with us to find out! info@poundpuppyrescue.org



saturday, november 16
2pm-3:30pm

woodside plaza pet food express





watch the about us video for a look at how we do what we do! 

if you are interested in a puppy fill out an application online to get the process started! want to know what to expect at an adoption event? read our faqs before you come.












how it works
1. shelters call us when they have puppies that need to be rescued.

2. we transport the puppies from the shelters to our volunteer foster homes.
our fosters care for the puppies until they are 8 weeks old.

3. we post the pictures of the puppies online and schedule an adoption event.

4. you see a puppy you're interested in and fill out an application online! you come to our next event and talk with an adoption counselor.

5. we select the best homes for puppies based on several criteria. we do home checks on all our adopters to ensure the safety of the puppies.

6. we spay/neuter, vaccinate, and deworm all the puppies. we do a jump start training session and the puppies go home once they are 8 weeks old.




recommended reading before you adopt:








donate online!











donate online securely via our paypal link.  every dollar you donate goes directly towards the rescuing of needy puppies and dogs. remember, we don't have the overhead of a physical location or paid staff as we are a completely volunteer run organization!








ppr is a partner of wags and warriors whose mission it is to rescue, train and team k-9 companions to empower veterans living with physical and emotional challenges.  please donate to help them launch this exciting new endeavor by clicking on the image to the left!  click here to visit the wags and warriors website.




want to support ppr while you shop?  use amazon smile and select pound puppy rescue as your favorite cause!












© 2000-2014 pound puppy rescue | site index | terms and conditions | privacy policy



