


it baffles science!




















    
	it baffles science!
	
  
god is real and he answers prayers
 

the product of a new man 





thursday, april 15, 2010



	 
	 back from the dead
	 
    


once upon a time, there was a man who lived a life centered around his will and his ego. he had a lot of trouble because of this. despite his many blessings, he couldn't see anything because he was dead to the world and to himself. then one day after spreading strife and misery , he got into a fight and had himself an epiphany. (god, that is. jesus christ. the holy ghost.) the scales fell off his eyes and he knew he had lost everything good in his life. after a prayer and a night of pain and sorrow, the man repented and asked forgiveness. it appeared to the man that all was lost, and no matter what had happened to him, it was too late to save the one he loved from walking away. but god is real and he has a plan for each of us. according to god's plan, the man began to be refined, and during this refinement, he learned how to live for the first time. then the most amazing thing happened to the man. he was given grace and blessings, and his life was renewed, as was his spirit. fear and doubt gave way to strength and belief, and his faith became real to him and those who loved him. this is the beginning of that man's life.



posted by jazz bass at 4/15/2010 02:58:00 am
3 comments











about me

name:  jazz bass 
location:  chattanooga, tennessee, united states 
"the time has come," the walrus said, "to talk of many things: of shoes--and ships--and sealing-wax-- of cabbages--and kings-- and why the sea is boiling hot-- and whether pigs have wings."
view my complete profilei wrote for/at
   

links

hot air
florida cracker
 six meat buffet
         right wing news
day by day
tools of renewal


previous posts

back from the dead

archives

april 2010


yeee-ha! i'm a proud member of the hillbilly ecosystem. take off your shoes and set a spell, wontcha?









101st fighting keyboardists! fact checking your ass with chickenhawks galore! take that, meme-heads









 









