



real estate school of south carolina | school for success































































































about |
              faqs |
              blog |
              our instructors |
              contact |
              

login















home



 courses


real estate license
real estate broker license
continuing education
property management license



 study materials










we are the #1 south carolina real estate school providing courses to get your
        south carolina real estate license,
        south carolina broker license,
        south carolina property management license,
      and
        continuing education.  we have proudly been serving south carolina since 2005 and have helped thousands of people launch their real estate careers.



 view all classes & prices








professional training through the real estate school for success


the real estate school for success is not a typical real estate training school. we are a group of
            experienced real estate professionals who are committed to providing an exceptional, real-world based
            training program for students interested in a career in real estate in the columbia, south carolina area.
          





              our focus for our real estate school is targeted on highlighting more than just information needed to pass
              the licensing exam, because success doesn’t stop with the real estate exam. 
            we have developed a comprehensive curriculum that trains our students to be successful in their professional
            goals as real estate agents. whether students choose our online real estate training, or a real estate
            curriculum in a classroom environment, we know that success means more than passing the test. we want our
            students to become profitable, and to experience true success in real estate.
          







$375

 

classroom
real estate salesperson license



experienced instructors
classroom particpation
flexible schedules



          learn more!
        









$375

 

online
real estate salesperson license



video based
self-paced




                  learn more!
                














 what students have to say
 we have hundreds of reviews from satisfied students, dating back to 2005!



 view all testimonials 



 this is the best training i have ever had to prepare me for success in my chosen field. frankie is very
              knowledgeable about the subject material and makes learning fun and not boring.

              barbara -
              florence
              thursday, august 29, 2019




i’ve attended several real estate schools for real estate and property management licensing, this one is by far
              the most informative one and try as i may i did not fall asleep once. this speaks volumes.

              cameila -
              lugoff, sc
              thursday, august 15, 2019




 i would recommend this real estate school to anyone looking to get into the industry. ron was full of knowledge and
              very patient with us visual learners. the knowledge i gained from his real life experience was well worth
              the money. i am confident i have what it takes.

              wilhelmenia -
              columbia, sc
              thursday, july 11, 2019








$275


property management license



                learn more!
              








$375


broker license



                learn more!
              









$89


continuing education



                learn more!
              




















our difference
there are many different real estate training programs in the columbia, south carolina
          area that offer real estate courses and training.
          what sets us apart is the quality of our faculty and our emphasis on preparing our students
          to sell homes and make money as soon as they are licensed.
        
 meet our instructors 








we also train our students on the business side of being a real estate agent.


            when you graduate from the real estate school for success, you will be ready to start your real estate
            career using the advice of our experienced instructors that you can use immediately. each member of our
            faculty is a highly recognized and successful real estate professional, including those specializing in
            residential and commercial real estate, property management and investment real estate sales.
          
designed with convenience in mind

            the classes we offer at our real estate school are designed to be convenient for students who are making a
            career transition and/or for those who want to continue to work while learning real estate. we even offer
            our real estate classes online, which is an exceptional, and popular, option for those who may have
            difficulty making it to our training location for in-person classes.
           


              whether you are interested in becoming a licensed real estate agent, a real estate broker, a property
              manager or pursuing a career in real estate appraisal, real estate school for success in south carolina is
              the number one real estate training school to attend. with flexible courses, real estate classes online,
              our skilled faculty and our leading reputation with past students, the real estate school for success is
              the ideal choice to help you to reach your professional goals.
            








  policies




privacy policy


school policy


disclaimer


terms and conditions





  contact



real estate school for success
            
288 st andrews road
            
columbia, sc 29210
            
803-807-9152


info@realestateschoolforsuccess.com





 locations


columbia

sumter

spartanburg

rockhill

myrtle beach

greenville


aiken


charleston


orangeburg


florence



get started


















