


book 15 meetings a month with ideal prospects.































































"turning prospects into clients" book a demomember login2,000+ financial professionals, recruiters, and b2b sales repsare using hummingbirdto book 10-15 meetings/month on linkedin!without cold prospecting, spending hours on the computer, or learning a new skillset...book a demo to see how we do it!works best for:financial advisorinsurance agentsb2b sales leadersbusiness development & recruiting"hummingbird is amazing! we 10x our roi in 6 months. i added 4 other advisors to their platform. i will recommend hummingbird to everyone."-mitch l.presidentmichigan24 years industry experience2+ years as hummingbird client"we had over 60+ accounts with hummingbird. when our team tracked how much it cost us per meeting, hummingbird cost us about $36 compared to hundreds we were spending elsewhere for worse candidates. if i have any marketing budget, it's going to hummingbird"-ashley zchief marketing officer3+ years as hummingbird enterprise client"hummingbird has packed our calendars with ideal recruits. in the last year we have added 3 profiles and will continue to add more!"-jenny p.recruiternew jersey"hummingbird is such an effective way to prospect, that we now give it to every new rep on our team.it works so well, it's even part of our recruiting stack! we tell advisors, "hey if you come work with our team, we will give you access to hummingbird."-jerrod f.managing partnerutahbook a demo to see how we do it!how it works:how it works in 4 easy steps!step 1targeting the right peoplewho you talk to makes all the difference.we combine deep industry knowledge, with data from 1000's of past campaigns to connect you with the most qualified decision makers firststep 2messaging that convertsour team will help you craft messaging that converts based on hummingbird's proven templates and database of successful campaigns. step 3focus on engaged leadsour messaging platform prospects while you sleep!the inbox makes it easy to identify and focus on the low hanging fruit. the average user spends 5 minutes a day on hummingbird and books 10 approach calls a month!step 4optimizeour team offers monthly support calls to optimize you campaign. during those calls, the client shares his feedback.that combined with data, allows our team to make changes to the campaign!hummingbird gets better month after month!book a demo to see how we do it!the hummingbird differencetypical prospectingreferral basedawkward conversations with your clientscreepy feed listslateral referralshummingbird prospectingvalue baseddon't have to rely on your clients for referralsperfect feed lists based on linkedin filtersa+ prospectsbook a demo to see how we do it!average linkedin activity to acquire a client744-275-100-10-3-1744 connections requests sent275 new connections﻿100 connections reply to messaging10 meetings set3 discovery meetings / factfinders1 becomes a clientbook a demo to see how we do it!all rights reservedprivacy policyterms & conditions

