ï»¿downtown hotel in auburn, al | the hotel at auburn universityskip to content      toggle navigation    auburn universityoverviewour auburn storylobby art touraccommodationsamenitiesfootball & graduationspecialsdiningariccia cucina italianapiccolo 241thrivehere@auburnprivate diningmeetings & eventsweddingsevent venuesaudio/visual servicesmeet the teamrequest informationaboutthings to dolocation & directionsfaqcontactcareersgallerybook now×make a reservationhave a question?334.821.8200date of arrival ) date of departure  rooms  adults  children  book now  welcome to auburnroots run deep in our downtown community, rich in history and steeped in natural charm. our aaa four diamond hotel is an alabama tradition. welcome to the "front door" of auburn! see availability link to welcome to auburn roots run deep in our downtown community, rich in history and steeped in natural charm. our aaa four diamond hotel is an alabama tradition. welcome to the "front door" of auburn!   historical elegance auburn hotel roomsrest well in one of our 236 luxurious hotel rooms or suites, where thoughtful amenities and sophisticated design put you at ease. special touches like historic auburn maps adorn the walls and give the space character, while smart televisions and headboard reading lights make it feel like home. guestrooms  specials & packagesenhance your next visit to auburn, al, with the hotel at auburn university & dixon conference center specials.our enticing auburn hotel and vacation packages are specially designed to make your stay with us more affordable than ever. why stay anywhere else? this centrally located hotel in auburn, alabama, welcomes you with a host of personalized amenities and specials.specials & packages  delicious cuisine food & drinkplease your palate and your mood in auburn. ariccia cucina italiana serves everything deliciously italian for dinner, while piccolo 241 offers a jazz lounge setting with a menu of uncommon small bites, wine, and craft beers. or, plan a private lunch or dinner in enoteca, ariccia’s private dining room for up to 24 guests.about ariccia cucina and piccolo 241 make a reservationuniquely youweddings & eventslet our event planners bring their unique touch to your wedding day any season of the year. whether a grand gala or an intimate celebration, you can rest assured your vision and all its detail are done right. rehearsal dinners, ceremonies, receptions, and bridal parties count on seamless execution from venue to menu.meetings & events our auburn storyauburn has a character all its own, and it is woven throughout our community, university, and downtown historical sites, eateries, and entertainment. our hotel welcomes you with a majestic japanese maple, a bronze war eagle statue in the lobby, a toomer's oak live edge table and the auburn creed on our elevator doors. come get to know us in auburn. our storyguest reviews image slide1 link to larger image   image slide2 link to larger image   image slide3 link to larger image   image slide4 link to larger image  let's keep in touch  sign up   hotel at auburn university  241 south college street auburn, alabama 36830 united states    phone:  334.821.8200    toll free:  833.975.1221   hotel at auburn university facebook    hotel at auburn university twitter    hotel at auburn university instagram    hotel at auburn university pinterest    hotel at auburn university youtube    contact usfaqblogpresscareersadaprivacy policysitemap    call uslocationbook now  scroll to top  managed with heart & soul by   link for column2 © 2023 hotel at auburn university | hotel website design by vizergy