







home



















recommend us on google






established in 1909, wohners is a family owned architectural woodworking company



click here to learn about our history, books, television, movie and newspaper and magazine articles!



we have divided the site into our 4 main divisions for ease of navigation.


1 fireplace mantels and accessories
3 custom doors and hardware


2 carved components and molding
4 antique services



experts in fireplace mantels and with clients all over the world. wohners provides one of the largest selection of quality fireplace mantels anywhere. quality craftsmanship and attention to detail are what makes our mantels a treasure to own. let our skilled designers and artists help you decorate your fireplace with one of our mantels. we manufacture all types of fireplace mantels in our usa factory, including mantel surrounds, mantel shelves, cabinet mantels, over mantels, mantels with bookcases and mantels for flat screen televisions.
 
click here to go to our fireplace mantels page where you can browse all the mantel designs and accessories for your fireplace.





































fireplace mantels and hearth accessories




fireplace mantle |  wood mantel |  custom wood fireplace mantel | wood fireplace mantel
custom wood mantel shelf | fireplace mantel shelf | mantel shelves
 stone fireplace mantel | custom stone fireplace mantel | marble fireplace mantle
 fireplace mantel idea | fireplace mantel design | custom fireplace mantel




architectural woodcarving


the designers source for quality architectural wood carvings. these components are the decorative building blocks of fine design. our product line of wood carvings and components















comprises both a stock ready to ship offering as well as a custom made offering. please click here to view our carving page where you can browse all the decorative wood carvings, carved wood molding, furniture parts, corbels, onlays and ornaments we have to offer.




hand carved molding | hand carved moulding | hand carved accent molding | carved architectural details
corbels | onlays | panels | carved architectural decoration




custom doors, hardware and exterior trim


wohners custom door division sells and services decorative hardwood doors in the metropolitan area. when you want a quality decorative entrance for your fine home or a unique custom door made for a religious institution, look to us. our experts can help you choose the right door for your architectural style. click here to browse our doors page to learn about all the wonderful options available.















hardwood door | hardwood entry door | exterior hardwood door | interior hardwood door | hardwood front door


 






established in 1909, our woodworking heritage and knowledge is deep. from one generation to the next we have an extensive understanding of both the art and science of woodworking and the decorative arts. click here to learn of our professional services and capabilities







custom furniture, carved mirrors, and antique repair





antique repair l  antique restoration l  mirror frames l  furniture





go totop of page







home


about


mantels


mouldings


carvings


doors


antique services


contact us


download catalog





â©1996-2013 wohners inc. all rights reserved.


contact webmaster



contact us
    email  sales@wohners.com
    phone 201-568-7307


wohners inc
29 bergen st. englewood, nj 07631 u.s.a
 


















