





































    
    calvary baptist church - spotsylvania, va - home
  
  



 



  














                 





























 
    home



  about us


   times & location



  faqs



  our leadership



  we believe





  ministries


   children



  youth



  young adults



  adults



  home school chapel





  contact



  salvation



  sermons



  blog



  give



  camp meeting











    
 





        life can be dark
  discover the light of jesus here.
   

plan your visit

or just show up instead. service timessunday10am - sunday school11am - morning worship12pm - fellowship lunch1pm - afternoon servicewednesday7pm - evening bible study7pm - children's and teen program


    contact us
    name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




    a place for everyone
the church you've been looking for in spotsylvania
 



   

  children
 our children's church and nursery ministry provides an engaging and fun environment for kids of all ages.
 

  teens
 the youth ministry is a place to grow in relationship with god and fellow believers through bible teaching and fun activities.


   

  young adults
 the calvary baptist young adults meet weekly to fellowship and grow in their faith through deep discussion and bible study.
 

  adults
 the men and women of calvary baptist church enjoy weekly bible studies that promote spiritual growth, healing, and fellowship.


     

read more




   

  meet the pastor
 
 pastor justin spradlin
 welcome to the website of calvary baptist church. i'm excited that you have taken a few minutes to learn more about our ministries here in spotsylvania, and the ways we can help you grow spiritually. my wife rachel and i would love to have you come visit us as we seek to see people come to know christ and encourage believers in their walk with the lord. if you live in the spotsylvania area and would like to meet with me i'd love to sit and down and talk with you about what god is doing here at calvary baptist church.   

read more




    join us online
if you don't live in the spotsylvania area join our livestream
 



    livestream
 we are live streaming our sunday morning services at 11am and our wednesday evening bible studies at 7pm on facebook! click the button below to join us online, or if you're in the spotsylvania area show up for in-person service this sunday at 11am.   

facebook live


 



   visit us 
 we'll save a seat for you this sunday at calvary baptist church of spotsylvania. 
we can't wait to meet you!
  plan a visit
   name

 email

 phone

 when can we expect you?
 
sunday school - 10am
sunday morning worship - 11am
fellowship lunch - 12:30pm
sunday afternoon service - 1pm
wednesday evening bible study - 7pm


 optional message:







thanks for planning a visit! we look forward to meeting you soon. oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








         





























  links
 
    times & location



  salvation



  ministries



  faqs






  connect
 
phone: 
(540)895-9417email: 
pastorspradlin@clvry.org     

 

 

 





 location 
9800 post oak rdspotsylvania, va 22551﻿


     © 2025 
all rights reserved | calvary baptist church | powered by spirelight web























































































































  
  share by:








