



	texas outfitters ltd in southern texas a great hunting and travel destination.








        your browser does not have javascript/scripting enabled. to proceed, you must enable
        javascript/scripting.
    


























homehunts

trophy whitetailsspring turkeyexotics hog & predator dove & quail

gallery

trophy whitetailsmanagement deerhog & predatorexoticsoutback ranch & lodge photodroptine ranch & lodge

testimonialscontact us














 
the absolute best hunting & travel destination in south texas

if you are a first time texas hunter or an annual visitor there is no better place to hunt than with texas outfitters ltd. we offer hunts in south texas for trophy whitetail, dove, quail, spring turkey, hogs & predators. 



trophy whitetail hunts 




we offer hunts for bucks that gross score up to 200+ b&c. we are
            100% opportunity on our deer as it is not uncommon to see 30-40 bucks
            per day or a total of 150-200 deer per day. the hunting on our ranch is
            that good. for first time hunters, our guarantee is as follows: if you
            do not pull the trigger you can come back and hunt for free. no other
            outfitter in the state of texas will offer that guarantee. we take pride
            in our hunts and think we offer the best hunt package in texas. we have
            over 30,000 acres and harvest only 1 whitetail buck per 600 acres,
            ensuring everyone an opportunity to harvest a mature whitetail buck year
            after year. 

            click here for details on our trophy whitetail deer hunts. 

            one final note: all of the money we collect
            goes 100% into our product. some of you know this is not my primary
            business, and as such i do not need to earn a living with our hunts. do
            your research and compare. no one offers what i do from the quality of
            our staff, vehicles and facilities to the opportunities of harvesting
            superior game.  




             




bird hunts




we hunt dove and quail on our personal ranch just 50 minutes from san
            antonio. in addition to superior south texas natural habitat, this ranch
            features over 250 acres of farmland under pivot irrigation system,
            large tanks, and food plots that offer absolutely the best in texas bird
            hunting for dove and quail. 

            click here for details on our dove hunts. 







spring turkey hunts 



spring turkey hunts are a lot of fun and can be hunted many ways. we are
            100% on our spring turkey hunts, and offer several types of hunt
            packages to satisfy your needs. 

            click here for details on the spring turkey hunts.








hog & predator hunts



south texas is famous for its hog and predators. we offer some of the
            best hunting for hogs, javelina, coyote, fox, bobcat, racoon and other
            varmints. enjoy a weekend of predator hunting with family and friends -
            it's a great way to enjoy the off season. 

            click here for details on our hog/predator hunts. 














for more information, send mail to: 


texhunts@aol.com 


or call: (210) 355-6200




frank fackovec

texas outfitters ltd. 

droptine ranch 

p.o. box 2609

fredericksburg, tx 78624











privacy policy
          |  terms of use
          |  login

©2025 texas outfitters ltd









