

unique gifts - uk supplier of badges in enamelled metal, silver or gold for business, charities and organisations. supplying trade and retail.



















designers and manufacturers of:- lapel pins, cufflinks, stick pins, badges, pendants,key rings, tie tacs, medals etc.
hallmarked gold, sterling silver and base metal enamelssupplying retail and trade.



corporategifts
queens goldenjubilee gifts
enamelbadges
golfinggifts
silver & goldgifts
centrepieces






corporate gifts
established in 1975, the house of logos is the uk market leader in the design and manufacturer of stick pins, badges, tie pins, pendants, cufflinks, earrings keyrings and other promotional products. all items can be made to your specification in either gold, silver, pewter or enamelled base metals.



enamel badges
a range of collectable enamel badges available to all and can be purchased on line at our secure shop.
our enamel badge solution is the ideal way to promote your product or company awareness.
either in base metals, gold or silver, we can supply tie pins, badges and cufflinks which creates a visual image of your logo.

our enamel badges are also an excellent choice for charities wanting to raise funds.


gold & silver gifts
looking for an unusual jewellery gift then take a look at what we have to offer, the range includes handcrafted eagles, dogs, mushroom, cricket ball, pigs etc all items are individually hand crafted in our workshops and hallmarked at the world famous sheffield assay office. if you can not see what you want then we can make it for you.


golfing gifts
tired of the same old golf gifts?
choose from the many individually hand crafted golf gifts that can be personalised with individual hand engraving or with a company logo. our golf items are all hand produced using traditional methods making them more prestigious and unique.

a range of golfing gifts available to all and can be purchased at our secure on-line shop.

choose betweeen golf trophies, stick pins, lapel pins, cufflinks, plaques, golf forks, ball markers, in a choice of gold, silver or pewter.



centre pieces
we supply centre pieces individuals, corporate and military clients for their top tables. these items are a great talking point and of high quality, suitable for any proffesional occasion. centre pieces can now be purchased at our secure on-line shop.



queens golden jubilee gifts
the queen celebrated her golden jubilee in 2002. to commemorate this special  occasion unique gifts has proudly produced a range of lapel pins, stick pins, cufflinks and bookmarks bearing the official golden jubilee logo.








      home |  trade enquiries |
       contact us | our links


unique gifts, c/o house of logos (est. 1975), 714 attercliffe road, sheffield, s9 3rp,england - telephone 0114 2434595





