

 






camano island inn wa | inn














































 









homeguest roomsweddings and morecovid-19 guidelinesgift certificates
homeguest roomsweddings and morecovid-19 guidelinesgift certificateshomebook nowguest roomsbistroweddings and morecovid-19 guidelinesmore informationgift certificatesabout usaround the islandcontact us
homebook nowguest roomsbistroweddings and morecovid-19 guidelinesmore informationgift certificatesabout usaround the islandcontact usp: (360) 387-0783book nowcamano island innwedding venue & morebook now camano island innwedding venue & more camano island innwedding venue & moreview weddings camano island innwedding venue & more 
waterfront views in a serene settingthe camano island inn views are spectacular all year long with serene surroundings of water, natural habitat and beautiful landscaping. our bistro is permanently closed and we do not serve breakfast. there are many restaurant’s and pubs to choose from close by.about usamenities includeprivate beach, paths and walking trails to the beach. our gardens include sitting areas for tranquil moments and include our new “moongate”, a favorite among brides and grooms. rooms provide a variety of cozy beds for long rests, a private deck with views of the waterfront, olympic mountains and the saratoga passage. some rooms offer this same beautiful view from a private hot tub on a private deck. please make known your preference for a hot tub when booking your stay. camano island inn is uniquely suited to provide the discerning guest a wonderful experience.explore moresign up todaysubscribe to our newsletter and be the first to learn about our seasonal promotions and special deals.

email *  required

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















trip advisor reviewswe strive to provide an exceptional level of service for every guest, and are proud to have a 4.5-star rating on tripadvisor. view reviewsgift certificatesabout usaround the island…contact
gift certificatesabout usaround the island…contact1054, sw camano drive, camano island, wa 98282, united states p: (360) 387-0783  e: camanoislandinn@gmail.com©2021 camano island inn, wedding/event venue and spa |  privacy policy | accessibility statement  simple software for innkeepers by odysys 





















