  
   natural flavours, colours & ingredients for food | kanegrade       
 skip to main content


+44 01438 742 242 info@kanegrade.com

hit enter to search or esc to closeclose search
    

  
menu    
applicationsconfectionerybeveragebakerydairysavoury & snackssports nutritionpharmaceuticalcompanywhat we domanufacturingsustainabilityqualitylocationskanebaseenquire nownatural flavoursnatural coloursfruit powders  elevate your food and beverage products with 45 years of ingredient expertise   we manufacture natural flavours, natural colours, fruit powders   we also have a expansive range of ingredients such as oils, extracts and aromas   production to brc food aa+ standards (2024-2025)     our formulators are constantly innovating to deliver the best taste experience     our application lab trial ingredients in your final food or beverage product   passionate about ingredients - celebrating 45 years in 2025   natural ingredients for food and beverage manufacturerskanegrade ingredients are used in some of the world’s most popular food and beverage products. we manufacture in accordance with brcgs food quality standards (2024-2025: aa+) and deliver to your facility, on time, every time. at kanegrade we’re proud to have served our customers, both large and small, since 1980. send us your next enquiry – we look forward to working with you.learn morewhy kanegradewe work with developers to select ingredients to impart flavour, colour and nutrition to your product. our team of food scientists are on-hand and love answering in-depth questions about our ingredients. production ensure they are made perfectly, and logistics ensure your shipment is delivered on time for production. learn more…45 years experiencesupplying high quality natural food ingredients for 45 years.quality guaranteedguaranteed perfect ingredients delivered on time every time.experts in our fielda team of food scientists on hand to offer expert advice.a global networka global ingredient supplier with offices located worldwide.how can we help?new product developers turn to kanegrade when they need concept ideas, application expertise and prompt samples. browse our product divisions below to find out more:natural flavourskanegrade offers a complete range of sweet and savoury liquid flavours (powders coming soon in h2 2024). natural colourscolour impacts the way we experience food; from an early age we make associations between the colour of food and its flavour. fruit powderskanegrade manufactures and supplies a range of spray-dried fruit powders. quick navigationwhat we doagentsbrochurelocationsflavour request formcustomer serviceprivacy policyterms and conditionsnew customer formcustomer satisfaction questionnairecredit account applicationcontact ushead office address:
kanegrade ltd
ingredients house
caxton way, stevenage
hertfordshire
sg1 2df
info@kanegrade.comhow it all began
© 2025 kanegrade. site by whitehot.linkedinphoneemailclose menu
    applicationsconfectionerybeveragebakerydairysavoury & snackssports nutritionpharmaceuticalcompanywhat we domanufacturingsustainabilityqualitylocationskanebaseenquire now    
stay informed: get notified of fresh kanebase articles. enter email below:* indicates requiredemail address *

×			       




