
























norwescon – the pacific northwest's premier science-fiction and fantasy convention
















































skip to content 





 
 


 
menu 




menu 
about

mission statement
contact info

org chart
norwescon feedback


outreach

norwescon community fund


faq (frequently asked questions)
history

archives


blog


norwescon 47

guests of honor
memberships
hotel
schedule of events
philip k. dick award
programming

attending pros

becoming a panelist


workshops

norwescon writers workshop
hands-on workshops
writing classes and lectures


meetups
youth programming
panel suggestion


special events

dances
tabletop gaming
lazer tag and nerf
masquerade
single pattern contest
norwescon speculative film fest


youth and teens

youth programming
the norwescon shire


exhibitors

art show
dealers’ room
club tables


policies and guidelines

code of conduct

antiracism statement
harassment policy


health and safety
accessibility

website accessibility


costuming policy
weapons policy
photo/video guidelines




get involved

volunteer
open volunteer positions
socialize
ways to donate
staff information


media

advertising at norwescon
photo and video
posters, flyers, and graphics


 


 
















norwescon 47:
through the cosmic telescopeapril 17–20, 2025 | seatac, wa nwc47 membership ($110)
 reserve your room ($164/night) subscribe to our newsletter!guests of honor





catherynne m. valente


writer guest of honor








wayne barlowe


artist guest of honor








tracy drain


science guest of honor








paizo


spotlight publisher








isis asare


special guest of honor



featuresprogramming


hundreds of hours of panel programming presented by more than 200 panelists, covering such diverse subjects as science fiction, fantasy, science, costuming, art, writing, genre television, and movies, as well as myriad other topics of interest to fans.


special events


the masquerade, the philip k. dick awards, dances, concerts, performances, and other events not part of our general panel programming.


exhibitors


meet and interact with local artists, shop from vendors in the dealers’ room, discover art in the art show, and learn about local clubs, organizations, and other conventions.


be a part


norwescon is an all-volunteer organization. volunteer at the convention, or join our convention committee and help us throughout the year to put norwescon together!



location


norwescon 47 will be held at our long-time home at the doubletree by hilton hotel seattle airport, located in seatac, wa, just a short jaunt south of seattle.



recent news


news from norwescon february 2025highlighting spotlight publisher paizo, inc., this year’s philip k. dick award nominees, club table spots are going fast, single pattern contest and masquerade entries are open, suites may be requested, calling for volunteers, and looking for help checking our website’s accessibility.
february volunteer meetingfebruary’s volunteer meeting is coming soon! join us on saturday, february 1 to help plan norwescon 47!
2025 philip k. dick award nominees announcedthe judges of the 2025 philip k. dick award and the philadelphia science fiction society, along with the philip k. dick trust, are pleased to announce the six nominated works published in 2024 that comprise the final ballot for the award.
news from norwescon january 2025lots of news this month! our $95 membership rate is extended through jan. 15, hotel rooms are filling but still available, the wrinters workshop is accepting submissions, meet our science guest of honor tracy drain, we’re supporting page ahead, lazer tag and nerf are back, club table and meetup applications are open, the single pattern contest patterns are posted, masquerade registration is open, the shire is returning, dragonflight is hosting our gaming, and calls for help with our digital archives and website accessibility!
january volunteer meetingjanuary’s volunteer meeting is coming soon! join us on saturday, january 4 to help plan norwescon 47!
december volunteer meetingdecember’s concom meeting is coming soon! join us on saturday, december 14 to help plan norwescon 47!



 












about norwescon

norwescon is the pacific northwest’s premier science fiction and fantasy convention and one of the largest regional science fiction and fantasy conventions in the united states. while maintaining a primarily literary focus, norwescon is large enough to provide a venue for many of the other aspects of science fiction and fantasy and the interests of its fans such as anime, costuming, art, gaming, and much, much more.

norwescon 47 will be at the doubletree by hilton seattle airport, april 17–20, 2025.
 


support norwescon

donations to norwescon go to support the norwescon community fund. you can donate directly through paypal. every bit helps!

cmd

hosted_button_id

donate:

 


get in touch

have a question? comment? suggestion? need to get ahold of us for any reason? use our contact form to say hello!

stay in touch

sign up for our email newsletter to stay up to date with news and meeting announcements! low-traffic, one or two messages per month. we never share your information with anyone.

name


email


hp


 


 






        

© 2025 norwescon • built with generatepress 



norwescon uses accessibility checker to monitor our website's accessibility. read our accessibility policy. 
 



search for:

































