  home - carolinas independent automobile dealers association                
 skip to content      menuhomeabout uswhat is ciadaexecutive committeemeet the staffcontact usmembershipdealer memberassociate memberauction memberresourcespreferred providersblogpolitical action committeecertified master dealernc resourcesnc dmv websitenc elt accesssc resourcessc dmv websitesc elt accesssc title class scheduledealer connectioneducationnc pre-licensingnc continuing educationnc continuing education in personnc continuing education onlinenc continuing education dvdsc pre-licensingfull calendardealer license requirementsnc dealer license requirementssc dealer license requirementsbond and insuranceeventsciada annual conferenceniada conference & exponiada policy conferenceniada bhph dealer forumstorenc formssc forms    facebook      twitter      linkedin      instagram     carolinas independent automobile dealers association dealer and guest registration opens-february 15, 2025you must register for the conference to gain access to the hotel registration link.  register today! ciada’s cetvstay compliant with north carolina's 6-hour continuing education requirement with ciada's cetv. this self-paced, online course is designed with your busy schedule in mind. accessible anytime, anywhere, cetv allows you to complete your training on your terms, without disrupting your day-to-day operations. maximize your time while staying ahead in the industry--experience the convenience and efficiency of ciada's cetv today!  register today!  is our next pre-licensing class too far from where you are?we are pleased to announce that we will be offering live virtual options (via zoom) for these upcoming classes:- february 11th, 2025 - sc dealer pre-licensing class- february 25th, 2025 - sc dealer pre-licensing class- march 6th, 2025 - nc dealer pre-licensing classclick the button below to find out more!  click here     members only benefits  a ciada membership is the smartest investment you will ever make for your dealership or business. join the only non-profit organization representing the independent used car dealer in the carolinas. we serve both the dealers and vendors who serve our industry.  learn more  mark your calendar upcoming events  what is the ciada?the ciada is the only non-profit organization in the carolinas that represents the independent used car dealer. we serve both the dealers, as well as vendors who serve our industry through memberships or sponsorships. ciada encourages those who are considering joining our association to know that we will be your representation, be your source for all education needs, and provide you with individual help or guidance.what is the value of membership with ciada?  over $5,000 worth of auction discounts with the ciada coupon app  free and discounted educational opportunities  join now  why ciada ?we help you stay informed on the ever-changing, and often challenging, used car industry. we do this by providing quality education and relevant resources to hundreds of dealers and their preferred vendors that are a part of the carolinas independent auto dealers.  for vendors   for dealers without question, ciada remains one of this industry’s very best sources of information, networking, and continuing education.ciada has helped me tremendously over the years. if i could belong to only one association, it would be ciada. you have to participate, you have to want to learn. you have to take advantage of the opportunity.i thought that joining ciada would be a waste of money. i was wrong! they have given me so much more than the $299.00 membership fee. a dealer would be crazy not to be a member of the ciada.when we started the business, the first thing we did was join ciada. we wanted an organization that had a solid knowledge base. our sponsors   advantage    nextgear capital    wayne reaves    carfax    greenville auto auction    auto data direct    advance auto parts    integrity    carolina auto auction    acv    stars gps    cox automotive    ddi    america's auto auction logo    dealer financial    gaa logo    buckeye consulting logo  next previous © 2025 carolinas independent automobile dealers association  |  site by growthzone privacy policyterms and conditions carolinas independent automobile dealers association    phone   1-704-455-2117     address & map   5643 harrisburg industrial park dr.harrisburg, north carolina 28075  © 2025 carolinas independent automobile dealers association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top               


