









home - seesac
























security sector reform














a joint initiative of










home



who we are 
 
 
about



team



partners 
 
 
donors



south east europe partners



international partners


 
 

what we do 
 
 
salw control



salw control roadmap



gender in security sector reform



regional security sector reform platform


 

resources and publications 
 
 
armed violence monitoring platform



publications 
 
 
small arms and light weapons control



gender and security



all publications


 

resources 
 
 
international salw control framework



regional arms law compendium 



standards rmds/g



gender and security resources


 

seesac developed salw tools 
 
 
survey protocols



awareness support pack



national salw strategy template



arms exports templates



software tools



safety guidelines for the civil community



see salw documentaries


 

other 
 
 
arm yourself with…



rasr initiative


 
 

information 
 
 
news



photo and video 
 
 
photo gallery



video


 

vacancies



procurement



contact


 



















we have been working on disarmament, arms control, and gender equality in south east europe since 2002.
for a #saferregion.
learn more









salw control




  strengthening safety and security through regional cooperation in south east europe.
 
learn more





salw control roadmap




  the western balkans salw control roadmap - a plan for a safer future.
 
learn more





gender in security sector reform




  supporting advancement of gender equality in security sector reform through regional cooperation.
 
learn more





regional security sector reform platform




  expertise on niche rule of law areas, from small arms and light weapons to gender equality, from the western balkans to the world.
 
learn more







latest news








securing futures: seesac's 2024 - a year in review


13 february 2025
securing futures: seesac's 2024 - a year in review

                                            in 2024, seesac continued strengthening the capacities of authorities to build inclusive and accountable security sector institutions through tailored support, strategic interventions, and regional cooperation, combined with hands-on assistance. we supported jurisdictions in the western balkans, republic of moldova and ukraine.
  
  from addressing the challenges of small arms and light weapons ...                                        
read more








new armed violence monitor marks the largest number of weapon seizures recorded in a single quarter


11 february 2025
new armed violence monitor marks the largest number of weapon seizures recorded in a single quarter

                                            the latest regional quarterly armed violence monitor (october–december 2024), published by seesac, provides a comprehensive overview of firearm-related incidents in south east europe (see). covering six western balkans jurisdictions and moldova, the report sheds light on key trends in armed violence and its impact on citizens.


  key findings:


  a total of 914 firearm incidents were recorded in ...                                        
read more








seesac develops emergency protocol for safe storage and safe transport of ammunition and explosives


7 february 2025
seesac develops emergency protocol for safe storage and safe transport of ammunition and explosives

                                            the south-eastern and eastern europe clearinghouse for the control of small arms and light weapons (seesac), has developed two new emergency protocols, aimed at enhancing the safe management, transport, and stocktaking of small quantities of surrendered and recovered ammunition and explosives.


  with financial support from the european union through the eu council decision (cfsp) 2019/2111, the ...                                        
read more








firearm incidents in south east europe: 2024 insights


6 february 2025
firearm incidents in south east europe: 2024 insights

                                            firearm incidents continue to affect security challenges in south east europe. understanding the dynamics of these incidents is key to addressing their impact.


  using data from seesac’s armed violence monitoring platform (avmp), this infographic provides a snapshot of firearm incidents in 2024, highlighting patterns regarding types of incidents and weapons used, as well as victims and ...                                        
read more





all news









armed violence monitoring platform
showing the number of reported firearms incidents in south east europe this month








 



141
total number of reported firearms incidents this month




more from our platform















incident map with filters	














infographics and charts	














searchable incidents list	















×
newsletter





 





enter your e-mail:
                
please copy the number above: 











subscribe
 














south eastern and eastern europe clearinghouse for the control of small arms and light weapons (seesac)

  bulevar zorana đinđića 64


  11000 belgrade


  serbia


  telephone:
  (+381) 11 415 5300


  fax: (+381) 415 5499


  e-mail: seesac@undp.org


   


disclaimer


   
 











newsletter
subscribe


newsvacanciesprocurementcontactwho we arepublicationsstrategic documents 











  *for the united nations development programme, references to kosovo shall be understood to be in the context of security council resolution 1244 (1999). for the european union, this designation is without prejudice to positions on status, and is in line with unscr 1244/1999 and the icj opinion on the kosovo declaration of independence.


  *the designations employed and the presentation of material on this map do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the secretariat of the united nations or undp concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries.
 








  this website is funded by the european union. its contents are the sole responsibility of undp seesac and do not necessarily reflect the views of the european union.
 



seesac.org ©2025




 



  this site uses cookies for better performance and user experience. do you agree to use of cookies?
find out morei agreei don't agreecookies on our web page
  what is cookie?


  a cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browse while a user is browsing a website. when the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user's previous activity


  how do we use cookies?


  a visit to a this page could generate the following types of cookie.


  strictly necessary cookies


  these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.


  2. performance cookies


  these cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. these cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. it is only used to improve how a website works.


  3. functionality cookies


  these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. for instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. these cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. they may also be used to
  provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. the information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.


  4. targeting and advertising cookies


  these cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests they are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. they are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. they remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked
  to site functionality provided by the other organisation.


  cookie management


  cookies can be managed via the web browser settings. please, see you browser help how to manage cookies.


  on this site you can always turn cookies on/off on menu item “cookie management”.


  website management


  this website is managed by:


  the south eastern and eastern europe clearinghouse for the control of small arms and light weapons (seesac) 
 
