















georgia tech professional education: elevate your future














      skip to main content
    


















professional education



        college of lifetime learning
      













menu
close









              home
                          






              subjects
                              








browse by subject area


business


computing


defense technologies


digital media


engineering


exam prep


k-12 programs


languages


management


manufacturing


mathematics


occupational safety & health


supply chain & logistics









              programs
                              








all program offerings


courses


degrees


flexstack


graduate certificates


professional certificates


savannah campus


workplace learning & professional development




partner with us


corporate education


train at your location




featured


georgia tech summer


k-12 programs


 military programs


esl (english as a second language)









              georgia tech online
                              








all online offerings


online courses


massive open online courses (moocs)









              savannah
                          






              event services
                              








virtual & hybrid events


in-person meetings


global learning center


savannah facilities




academic conference management







              blog
                          













                  sign in
                  



















search











select search category

everything
courses & programs
degree programs
articles & news
gtpe website



search this site




























continue your success story
stand out in your profession with a credential from one of the nation's leading research universities.













        georgia tech reboots the boot camp 
  
 introducing the georgia tech flexstack, a refreshed intensive program unlike any other. this flexible program — taught online exclusively by georgia tech faculty — is comprised of three modular certificates and delivers immersive, hands-on instruction in high-demand areas, and allows individuals to personalize the program to match their career goals. 

learn more










          why choose georgia tech professional education?

      

          we deliver the knowledge and skills that you need for every stage of your career.

      

with gtpe, you get the best of both worlds — academic rigor combined with hands-on, practical training in demand by industry. whether you choose a course, a certificate program, or a degree, you're in good hands. our offerings are designed to build deep knowledge and skills leading to subject matter expertise that you can apply in your workplace for immediate results. for 100 years, we've built the workplace leaders — the thinkers and problem solvers that inspire and move industries forward.








        explore the opportunities
  






        online degrees
  



our graduate programs enable working professionals to earn a georgia tech degree while working full-time. you'll experience the academic rigor you expect from a top-ranked technology and engineering university.


learn more








        courses
  



we offer short training courses in over 15 subject areas in stem, business, and leadership. designed with workforce and professional development in mind, what you learn in class is applicable the day you return to work.

learn more








        certificates
  



professional and graduate certificates emphasize deeper subject matter expertise with immediate application. learn from faculty, researchers, scientists, and top industry experts — and increase your impact within the workforce.

learn more








        georgia tech online
  



georgia tech has delivered world-class training and degree programs to learners around the globe since 1977, and we partner with leading online learning platform providers to deliver at-scale courses and degrees.

learn more













          the lifetime learner

  
 spotlighting the industries, trends, and skills driving disruption in education, the workforce, and the people in them.




 


which credential is right for you?
    as emerging technology continues to revolutionize industries, it is essential for employees to remain agile and competitive. while each...




learn more




 


cybersecurity panel: is smart technology increasing your risk for cyber attacks?
    cybersecurity issues extend far beyond phishing attacks. as smart technology continues to grow and improve business operations, daily...




learn more




 


how to become a cybersecurity analyst
    the digital world offers a wealth of opportunity, but unfortunately, this is accompanied by alarming threats. for one, cyberattacks are on...




learn more




 


lean into education in the new year
    as the new year begins, many people take time to make a resolution in hopes of transforming their future, and education-focused goals can be...




learn more




 


hot jobs in cybersecurity: charting your career path
    the cybersecurity job outlook and field are experiencing record growth, fueled by an influx of security incidents and the rising cost of...




learn more




 


from psychology to analytics: in search of why
    in today’s ever-evolving business landscape, the power of continuous learning cannot be overstated. for pin hsu, this ethos has been the...




learn more




 


fostering meaningful connections in a global workplace
    according to the u.s. career institute, about 26% of u.s. households currently include one person who works remotely at least one day a week...




learn more




 


georgia tech reboots the boot camp 
    rooted in its vision to provide quality, accessible educational opportunities that align with the changing needs across one's lifetime...




learn more




 


scott cardinal - digging data analytics
    scott cardinal is a seasoned archaeologist who has successfully bridged the gap between ancient artifacts and modern data science. as a...




learn more




 


a decade of scaled degrees
    this year, georgia tech professional education’s affordable degrees-at-scale symposium will continue its tradition of serving as the premier...




learn more




 


capstone to company
    for two members of georgia tech's professional master’s in occupational safety and health (pmosh) class of 2021, the required capstone...




learn more




 


master's students' capstone streamlines safety processes
    safety is a regulatory requirement in the united states – and for good reason. according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics...




learn more






    see all
  










  stay in the know

the latest insights in tech, business, and leadership delivered straight to your inbox each month.

join our list









  “it was important to me to select an education provider nationally known for excellence. the faculty and staff were supportive and quickly responded to my inquiries, even after i completed the program.”





          mia johnson
        

      it business analyst, transit company
    





  “georgia tech has always been the place that's launched me into the next phase of my career. the georgia tech credential has once again changed the course of my career. it has a very special place in my heart.”





          jennifer stanford johnson
        

      applied intelligence data science executive, accenture
    





  “"the cohort approach provided a networking resource for discussing ideas and best practices. i know i can reach out to anyone from my cohort and they’ll be happy to provide feedback."”





          joshua barill
        

      generation safety & health specialist, georgia power
    





  “this was one of the few online classes that i signed up for and my experience surpassed my expectations… the technology/programs used were super user-friendly and made the interactions seamless.”





          moitri sarker
        

      sr. demand manager, serta simmons bedding, llc
    












  global learning center

located in tech square, atlanta's thriving innovation community, the global learning center is the home to gtpe and the facility of choice for virtual, in-person, and hybrid corporate meetings, conferences, and events.

learn more









a credential that commands attention
earn a georgia tech credential and make an immediate impact on your career. choose a professional education option that suits you.




watch the video













80%


 of post-secondary students in america are considered "non-traditional" learners, including working adults, veterans, and parents.





129k+


 of learners annually benefit from gtpe’s professional development courses, certificate programs, and online degrees.





98%


 of gtpe learners report an increase in knowledge, enhanced job performance, and career advancement.













  savannah campus

our savannah campus offers education for all stages of life, with courses and programs specifically designed to help georgia's coastal region grow and excel.

learn more











  train at your location

 we enable employers to provide specialized, on-location training on their own timetables. our world-renowned experts can create unique content that meets your employees' specific needs. we also have the ability to deliver courses via web conferencing or on-demand online videos. for 15 or more students, it is more cost-effective for us to come to you.








save money







flexible schedule







group training







customize content







on-site training







earn a certificate


learn more





















programs



browse by subject


courses


certificates


degrees


military programs


esl


georgia tech online


train at your location







event services



virtual & hybrid events


global learning center


savannah facilities


academic conferences







about us



executive leadership


leadership searches


impact reports


savannah campus


the language institute


accreditation


contact us


faqs










          general
        



                  emergency information
                



                  report website issue
                





          legal
        



                legal and privacy information
              



                accessibility
              



                accountability
              



                gtpe eu gdpr privacy notice
              



                title ix/sexual misconduct
              









© 2025 georgia institute of technology









                  facebook
                  









                  linkedin
                  









                  twitter
                  









                  email
                  









                  youtube
                  









          professional education 
          georgia institute of technology
        





georgia tech global learning center
84 5th st nw
atlanta
ga
30308
usa















