









home - panatron inc.














































home
about
services

repair services
document scanning
design your own system or component
calibration and test equipment service


blog
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











cage code: 0b5x9



followfollowfollowfollow





panatron, inc.
repairing and rebuilding since 1980











what we do
full service repair division and document scanning
panatron strives to provide top quality workmanship and customer service! our technicians have over 60 years of combined experience in their respective fields! all of our work is in compliance to the national standards and is backed by certification!








repair division
we at panatron, inc. have found that when manufacturer’s components fail, they frequently charge ridiculously high prices to repair their items or have since gone out of business. panatron, inc. can repair any manufacturer’s components at a fraction of the price! our repair division specializes in the repair of older, obsolete, or equipment no longer supported by the manufacturer as well as any current technology device or system. no repaired equipment will be returned until it performs per original factory specifications.
learn more








document scanning
panatron, inc. offers document management solutions. we realize paper based records are still the preferred method of record keeping for many businesses. however, paper documents can be cumbersome and take up significant storage space. our digital record services are easily accessed and can be set and shared with authorized viewers. let us take your documents and secure them in our servers, allowing your office activity to increase in efficiency as opposed to using physical paper.
learn more










calibration and test equipment service
along with our high quality repair services, we also provide a calibration service for any and all test equipment. we primarily focus on rf/microwave, waveguide, coax and rubidium equipment. everything is calibrated to ansi z540-1-1994 and mil-45662a standards with a 12-24 month certificate of calibration. learn more about our certifications and calibrations below.
learn more








design your own system or component
need to design your own microwave, rf system, subsystem or component? panatron, inc. has you covered! we can build to your specifications. we know that sometimes mass manufactured units don’t quite supply what you’re looking for- that’s when we come in. let us know what you need, and relax while we build it to your specifications. learn more below or contact us for a quote.
learn more







talk with our specialist







panatron, who we are!

panatron was founded in the year 1980. it was built upon the high standards of its founders for quality, reliability and a focus on customer satisfaction. over the years we have grown, specializing in the repair and rebuilding services of electronic components and systems not serviced by manufacturers. our goals are to save you money by providing top-notch services not available anywhere else. join the panatron family where customer satisfaction is our standard!






worked with the military



more info
we have been rebuilding and repairing for the military since 1980. we have recommendations that we can provide on request.




technicians with 60+ years of combined experience



more info
our technicians have over 60 years of experience repairing, rebuilding, and creating electronics. remember, even if you don’t see what you need fixed or built here, contact us because our people most likely know how to help.




quality work that follows high standards







learn more about us










available around the clock
– emergency repair service
– 24hr technical support service
– emergency number 1-909-629-0748
– chat bot can answer your basic questions








satisfaction guaranteed
all of our services are guaranteed and certified to the highest standards. our production and engineering resources assure the highest quality. for reliable products in the industry look no further than panatron, inc. have a question? feel free to contact us through email or chat bot below. we look forward to talking with you!










panatron, inc.
quality and reliability is our standard














head office
8333 west foothill blvd, rancho cucamonga, ca 91730








mailing address 
po box 3029 rancho cucamonga,ca 91729-3029








call us
+1-(909)-629-0748








fax 
+1 (909)-620-0378








email us
sales@panatron.com





 




















privacy policy










panatron inc. | site by awaken media solutons




 
















