



adcet - australian disability clearinghouse on education and training
































skip to content   | 
          skip to navigation  
        

view dyslexie font  | 
          view high contrast
















 search adcet
  
            








disability practitioners


your role


legislation and standards


reasonable adjustments


student access


course design & implementation


professional development


data and evaluation


creating accessible content


disability practice in the spotlight


ndco program




inclusive teaching


understanding disability


specific disabilities


working with students


teaching and assessment


universal design for learning


teaching with technology


creating accessible content


vet educators


policy and administration


teqsa - guidance notes: diversity and equity


ir symposium




students with disability


planning for post-secondary education


apprenticeships and traineeships


disclosure


course enrolment


disability and discrimination


reasonable adjustments: disability specific


current students


aboriginal and torres strait islander students


employment


worksheets


autism transition


key contacts




our work


accessibility in action awards


adcet assist


adcet news


assistive technology updates


blogs


disaster response and emergency support


disability awareness


disability practice in the spotlight


guidelines


newsletters


media packs


supporting blind and vision impaired students online


podcasts


students with disability in vet project


submissions


udl elearning


videos


webinars




resources


accessible ict procurement


cdl hub


communities of practice


education alliance


inclusive communication


inclusive meetings and events


inclusive technology


ndco resources


opening all options (oao)


pathways conference


usep and tsep toolkits




udl symposium




about
news
events
site map
contact


subscribe to the adcet newsletter   ❯





listen





adcet - australian disability clearinghouse on education and training

    adcet is australia’s leading resource on disability in tertiary education for disability practitioners, educators, and students.  





providing professional development through webinars and training
professional development





developing quality resources to the tertiary education sector
view our guides and resources





engaging practitioners, academics and students
view our webinars and events












our latest work
featured news, events and articles from across the sector.

view all




adcet universal design for learning (udl) symposium 2025
adcet and the university of sydney are excited to announce that registrations are now open for the upcoming one and a half day 2025 udl symposium: navigating authentic assessment and learning in a digital world on 25-26 june 2025. abstract submissions are still welcome, and we invite submissions from across the higher education and vet sectors from academics, teachers, vet educators and practitioners.
register now



study buddies, ai and learner agency
the ilota (inclusive learning opportunities through ai) podcast series explores the exciting convergence of udl, ai and accessibility and examines ways in which emerging technologies can be utilised to enhance learning opportunities. episode 10 takes a look at how and where ai might be useful in supporting students in their learning endeavours and how new technologies are opening up avenues for students who traditionally may have been excluded.
listen to the podcast



learning together: udl 3.0 in action - practitioners share their journeys and insights
this panel session aims to share the experiences, challenges, and successes in implementing universal design for learning (udl) to meet the udl guidelines 3.0. join elizabeth hitches as she facilitates this informative session with guest speakers sarah humphreys, trina bianchini and john fardoulis. when: wednesday 5 march 2025
register now



disability justice in higher education
join emily gaspar, ph.d., a visiting fulbright scholar at deakin university as she shares her research focused on the lived experiences of 8 disabled white women disability services directors working in disability services in higher education from across the u.s. 43% of disability services staff in the u.s. identify as disabled, yet there has been little to no research about this population. when: wednesday 12 march 2025
register now



inclusive assessment design: from access to participation
join dr juuso nieminen for this presentation which argues that, as important as it is to ensure access to assessment, it is also crucial to pay attention to how assessment regulates students’ social participation as fully accepted members of higher education. when: wednesday 25 march 2025
register now



adhd & artificial intelligence - strategic tools and academic practices for students with adhd
join tiana blazevic for an interactive presentation on the use of specific artificial intelligence study tools that may assist students with adhd. additionally, tiana will discuss recent research on the use of ai for students with different learning modalities before showcasing some of the ways that students at all program levels can use ai tools in their academic practice. when: monday 14 april 2025
register now




what people say







as a newcomer to the tertiary education sector, adcet has been an enormous source of information, wisdom and support in all things education related. i’ve worked in the disability sector for over 30 years and adcet is by far the most comprehensive and professional resource i have ever come across. the collegiality and willingness of practitioners across the country to share their knowledge and expertise is truly inspirational.
michelle anderson, manager
access & inclusion, university of sa


adcet provides the tertiary education sector with the most up to date current professional training. the webinars provided professional training over the breadth of a worker’s carer. this training has embedded a high quality of service across tertiary education sector in australia.
liz sullivan, manager
uniaccess, student success and wellbeing, university of western australia


when i arrived in australia 8 years ago and then landed my first role as a disability practitioner on aussie soil, adcet was my source of truth! i was the only disability advisor in the university and having adcet to refer to ensured that i aligned with best practice in the sector. i have also referred countless academics and students to the website, to explore teaching strategies and assistive technology options. adcet ensures that we as practitioners are all on the same page which benefits students with disability in tertiary education.  thank you adcet for supporting us to support students with disability equitably, and i look forward to the next 25 years!
veronica nelson, access and inclusion advisor
university of sa


a tafe qld practitioner for 28 years; i moved into a disability educational role in 2017. the adcet team and their amazing suite of innovative and inclusive resources immediately made me feel comfortable, in control and totally supported. through their modelling and encouragement i now get involved with the development and trialling of resources for our industry! the adcet team genuinely cares for student and practitioner growth, both professionally and personally.
meredith jackson, leading vocational teacher
student support, tafe queensland


as a disability practitioner who often provides discrete support to our students, adcet has been my ‘go-to’ resource for technology know-how, practitioner best practice and often just the simple but vital confirmation that i’m doing the best i can for our students engagement, independence and progression. adcet is a wonderful resource. happy 20th birthday!
brandon taylor, manager
tafe queensland






adcet news

practice spotlight: building a neurodivergent friendly university
practice spotlight: living for equity and inclusion: justin wylie
adcet news: adcet manager awarded 2025 acses equity fellowship
adcet news: 2024 adcet udl symposium presentations now available!
adcet news: australian disability strategy (ads) review 2024 - adcet submission
practice spotlight: let a thousand (sunflower) blossoms bloom!

more adcet news


upcoming events

webcast: autism and tertiary education course
webinar: practical strategies for teachers with learners who are deaf or hard of hearing - deafconnected
vet professional development: learning support plans (skills education)
adcet panel session: learning together: udl 3.0 in action - practitioners share their journeys and insights
adcet webinar: disability justice in higher education
vet professional development: supporting students with invisible disabilities (skills education)

more events


sector news & positions vacant

sector news: paving new paths: harmonising equity data across institutions
job: accessibility & inclusion advisor - bond university
job: disability transition support officer - wodonga institute of tafe
sector news: strategic review of the australian apprenticeship incentive system – fact sheet for apprentices with disability
sector news: independent national student ombudsman (nso) opens
sector news: australia’s first disability employment centre of excellence announced


more sector news
more jobs



latest links & articles

podcast: ilota things: episode 10 - study buddies, ai and learner agency
web link: consultation on changes to the disability standards for education 2005 - early childhood education
article: our right to learn and play - aboriginal and torres strait islander resource
article: strategic review of the australian apprenticeship incentive system
web link: the national student ombudsman (nso)
web link: national autism strategy 2025 - 2031

more links & articles












newsletter signup
contact adcet
about adcet
disclaimer / privacy policy
accessibility
rss feeds
top of page

















                adcet is committed to the self-determination of first nations people.
                we acknowledge the palawa/pakana peoples of lutruwita upon whose lands adcet is hosted.
                we also acknowledge the traditional custodians of all the lands across australia, and pay our deep respect to elders past and present.
              
adcet uses person-first language (e.g. ‘student with disability’), but this approach does not suit everyone,
                and many people prefer identity-first language (e.g. ‘disabled student’).
                it is up to the individual how they choose to identify. we encourage you to ask individuals what they prefer.
                we also acknowledge the deep history behind all these terms.
adcet is funded by the australian government department of education and is hosted by the university of tasmania.
adcet would like to thank anthology inc for the use of ally for web on the adcet website.





   cc by-sa 2025 adcet












