


nautical antique warehouse - homepage -





















































	our retirement sale has begun: all sales are final! 
	(no returns, refunds or exchanges)   


sale: 30% off all* inventory. 






nautical 
        antiques & tropical decor



celebrating 25 years in business january 2025 - thank you!

countdown to 
	 retirement (may 31, 2025):
 

  


2202 ship mechanic row - galveston, tx 77550
      (409) 539-5469
    	- piecesofship@yahoo.com





store hours*: 
thursday 10-5
friday 10-5
saturday 10-5
sunday 11-4
*mardi gras closures - hours will be limited 
	(10-1 fri & sat, 11-1 sun) and early and/or 
	full closures are possible during
	mardi gras galveston dates 
	friday feb 21 - sun feb 23 and friday feb 27 - sun march 2nd.  we 
	are located within the gated / ticketed festival boundaries and have no 
	control over access so please plan ahead.*closed after may 31, 2025: hello, 
	retirement!!!!



 
	 
	






about us: 
		



		retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, 
		

		(no returns, refunds or exchanges) thank you!welcome to nautical 
      antiques & tropical decor, the premier supplier of big ship salvage and 
decor. we've been in business for nearly 25 years and carry authentic ship salvage that includes 
bells, binnacles, buoys, compasses, 
      code / courtesy / signal flags, original glass fishing net floats, liferings, 
brass / copper / galvanized navigational running lights and lanterns, oars, rope, 
sextants, engine order telegraphs (eots), ship wheels and much more.  in 
addition, we carry 
new (not salvaged) tropical decor including hand sculpted wood figureheads and 
		carved sea creatures as well as furniture and accessories made from 
		reclaimed boat hulls and boat wood. to source our salvage, every 
		year we spend a month 
abroad searching ship 
breaking yards and 
  chandleries of asia and the near east, rummaging and hand selecting every 
piece of our inventory.   
our storefront is located in the strand mechanic historic district of 
		downtown galveston, texas. (we're a short 40 minute drive south of 
		houston) store hours are thursday - sunday.  due to our busy travel schedule, we encourage anyone to 
call and confirm hours in advance if planning a visit (note scheduled upcoming 
closings highlighted at the top of this page). thanks for visiting,
michael and adrienne culpepper
piecesofship@yahoo.com
    (409) 539-5469
    2202 mechanic street
    galveston, tx  77550 








frequently asked questions (faqs) 
		and policies:our 
		retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, (no returns, refunds or 
		exchanges) thank you!




		1. do you ship within the u.s.? **yes! we are happy to provide this 
service 
		to our 
		customers within the u.s.  
		all shipments (us mail, ups, ltl freight) are shipped out monday so 
		orders finalized with us before 4pm sunday almost always ship out the 
		next day.  
as a  
 courtesy, we do not charge for labor or handling.  
		shipping costs vary based on each item's unique packaged dimensions, 
		weight and shipping destination and everything is packaged in-house to keep 
		costs to customers as low as possible.  for any shipping cost 
		concerns or inquiries, ups.com offers a
		

free cost 
		estimating tool; we post dimensions and weight in the description under 
		almost every "available" item and our shipping zip is 77550. 
		

we do not offer returns or 
		exchanges on any items shipped.  

sorry, we do not offer shipping 
		options outside of the u.s. we can ship to a freight forwarder of a 
		customer's choosing but cannot insure or guarantee items shipped to a 
		destination beyond the one we originate.



		our retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, 
		




		(no returns, refunds or exchanges) thank you!


2. what condition should i expect my 
		salvaged piece to come in?  




all salvage we buy and sell 
		is in what we call “good salvaged condition,” unless otherwise specified 
		under that item's image.
this means that the piece was used aboard 
		a working vessel, was removed and reconditioned before 
		we display it at our shop. no 
		salvaged items should be expected to be free from flaws or blemishes; 
		in fact we think those are what gives each piece its own unique 
		character and story. we do try to accurately describe and picture any 
		“less than typical” instances from piece to piece.

		retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, 
		




		(no returns, refunds or exchanges) thank you!









3. how do i buy something i see that shows 
		“available”?
easily! just call 
		(409.539.5469) the shop during business hours (th-sun); we accept most major 
		credit cards over the phone.  this website is updated daily 
		so quantities and availability you see listed under the picture are 
		accurate.  items that are not listed as "available" 
		in highlighted text have been sold out.



		retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, 
		




		(no returns, refunds or exchanges) thank you!

4. can you research, value or appraise my 
		piece?sorry, we do not offer 
		research, informal valuations or appraisal services.  this is typically a fee-based 
		service that you can seek out from a formal appraiser which is worth the 
		investment if you feel you have a piece with a high value. for those 
		looking for an informal, general idea of value, there are a number of 
		"express style" appraisal sites online that offer a limited service 
		estimation for as little as $20 (check out
		
		consumer reports' take on it here). 



		retirement sale has begun: all sales are final, 
		




		(no returns, refunds or exchanges) thank you!
don't see a question you think we should address here?  email us 
		suggestions at piecesofship@yahoo.com...


