



wild wilson, polka, rock, swing music, photographs


















 


wildwilson.com







 
 










homethe showww & u!photosphotos 2photo 3being saidlinkslinks 2interviewswwsphfleggootherstuff.




thank you for visiting wildwilson.com all these years to listen and such!!! 
                        
         please find my shows on youshook.com               
         god bless!  god bless we patriot's america!  

hear the youshook.com jotw right below by
         clicking that there link 


jotw may 10, 2020


 i  love your show. you play
          a lot of songs that i never heard of before  and they are fantastic. your  personality is very strong and you are  very gifted
         in coming across with  your shows. march 13, 2010 
         dj paulie   


fill-in for dj paulie by ww in 2010


  
hear the wws (wild wilson show) on youshook.com too by clicking the picture of the wildman playing accordion  




hear the full new rendition of 'as long
         as i'm singin' from karaoke at the vfw 5555 from june 30, 2009  it was a fun night!  enjoy and click the link below to hear
         the wild wilson show outro song! 


st. ives uses tavern in the town





my wonderful friend tom johnson (leggo lambe)  





rip  5/19/1958  - 9/25/2011  you're the best!!!




delta dick interviews wild wilson 










this site 

the web 









jen, christy, lindsey 2010 december









sue, heidi, allison, christy 2011 february



welcome to the new wildwilson.com - where
         the entertainment comes in the form of polka music, rock music, swing music, and jokes brought forth in the pod cast mp3 format.
         the pod casts update weekly. whether the pod cast is the polka music show the wild wilson show or the rocks & swings where
         rock music and swing music are the key, but you'll hear about anything there, trust me on that one.  occasionally on
         the show you'll maybe actually hear funny jokes or stories. if you've heard the shows you know that it would actually be amazing
         to hear funny jokes (rim shot sfx).  you can download the pod cast for your ipod or mp3 player and listen while out on
         the road, while exercising, or drinking under a bridge.  there will be photographs of different polka fests or bands performing too.
         if you have photographs that you'd like to share please email me. we all enjoy photographs and the stories they tell. what would a site be without links?    hence i have 2 pages of links now. 
         the links continue to grow on those pages.  if you have any links you'd like added please email me.    the show page is there to serve your listening enjoyment.  i'll continue as time permits
         to build the site.  please email me with any ideas of what you might like to see on the site as i have a plethora of space.    info@wildwilson.com
         if you don't want to hyper-link    now you know that wildwilson.com is about a pod cast that has entertainment
         in the form of jokes, swing music, rock music, polka music, and photographs.  also, those links.    thank you - the wildman       check out my air-check &
         voice work files click below to listen      


michael medved plugs wild wilson



ww promo for kfai wave project 2005



wildman kfai july 2005 wave project



wild wilson air-check



wild wilson voice work



wild wilson voice work edited



1/2 hour air-check kchk feb. 2 1996



dr. gannon world wide polkas liner



united liquors wine club ad



postnet ad



aug promo on dj paulie show



500th congrats from brave combo



500th show promo



merry christmus greeting 2007



velahsa cd release party 9/18/15



sunshine feelings forecast liner



united liquors "you...everything"



promo aldo memorial day 2008 show 



(mac) video of the 5 a.m. club to start the day which makes it great!



(pc) video of the 5 a.m. club to start the day which makes it great!  



wildman in dj paulie studio july 



dj companion records (humorous)



dj companion romantic ad



this has been a pv production



intro polkas are on by bullshooters



polska zabawa (because of you) 



wildman cable 34 show oktober 1998 



roll out the barrel oktober 3, 2009



longfellow serenade oktober 3, 2009



just 2 good 2 be true 10/3/2009



what are your dreams and desires?



ww guests on casual time polka 2012



polska zubawa polish christmas



dec 2014 dj paulie promo with ww



wws promo revised



brute force's -many the brave one



what to do with your buck
















in 2004 after being in the chats and such i penned
         this polka fantasy - it would be great!!!  click below and give a listen 


polkastock (a fantasy)























 





home


the show page


ww & u!


photos photos photos and more photos


photos 2 meaning more photos photos photos


photo 3 yes siree!!!


being said.......


links


more links


interview's page


wild wilson show polka hall of fame


tribute to tom johnson (leggo lambe)


other stuff


.














