  home - fruehauf       
      skip to content

 
uk head office: + 44 (0) 1476 515 515


 
uk sales + 44 (0) 1476 515 518


 
uk part store: + 44 (0) 1476 515 424


 



search					
 




hometrailersnew trailersused trailersview modelssloperstepframehalfpipebathtubblowerservicesmaintenance & repairsgenuine partslivery & graphic designfinance & hirewarrantypart exchangeabout fruehaufcontact us
hometrailersnew trailersused trailersview modelssloperstepframehalfpipebathtubblowerservicesmaintenance & repairsgenuine partslivery & graphic designfinance & hirewarrantypart exchangeabout fruehaufcontact us

  
 


 hometrailersnew trailersused trailersview modelssloperstepframehalfpipebathtubblowerservicesmaintenance & repairsgenuine partslivery & graphic designfinance & hirewarrantypart exchangeabout fruehaufcontact us
hometrailersnew trailersused trailersview modelssloperstepframehalfpipebathtubblowerservicesmaintenance & repairsgenuine partslivery & graphic designfinance & hirewarrantypart exchangeabout fruehaufcontact usfruehauf: pioneering trailer engineering in the uk
at fruehauf, we are driven by innovation and a commitment to excellence. from our cutting-edge 64-acre production facility in grantham, we design and manufacture robust and dependable trailers that meet the diverse needs of the agriculture, aggregates, waste management, and haulage sectors. with a legacy of precision engineering and a passion for quality, we deliver tailored solutions that keep the uk moving.



 
about fruehauf





 
buy trailers

fruehauf: pioneering trailer engineering in the ukat fruehauf, we are driven by innovation and a commitment to excellence. from our cutting-edge 64-acre production facility in grantham, we design and manufacture robust and dependable trailers that meet the diverse needs of the agriculture, aggregates, waste management, and haulage sectors.



 
about fruehauf





 
buy trailers

a legacy of pioneering trailers
fruehauf’s story is a testament to innovation and dedication in the trailer industry. our journey began over a century ago, and we continue to push the boundaries of trailer design and manufacturing.



 
about fruehauf

new trailer range
delivering high-quality trailers designed to meet every customer’s unique needs.



 
find out more

used trailers
used trailers that are fully inspected, maintained, and ready to go. on a short or long-term use.



 
find out more

our servicesat fruehauf, we are committed to delivering dependable services, no matter the situation, location, or time. our team is dedicated to ensuring your trailers receive the care they need to stay operational and perform reliably.maintenance & repairs



 
find out more

parts & accessories



 
find out more

livery & graphic design



 
find out more

finance & rentals



 
find out more

warranty



 
find out more

our testimonialsat fruehauf, we take pride in the strong relationships we’ve built with our customers across the uk. here’s what they have to say about their experience with us.

“we had just secured a new contract and i needed the tipping trailers promptly. i contacted the team at fruehauf, and they really stepped up, providing us with these fantastic smoothsiders from their ‘ready to go’ stock.”

“the bathtub is an incredibly robust and reliable trailer that suits our business needs well. it offers an excellent tip and is easier to clean than a planksided trailer, making it exceptionally popular with our drivers.”

“the quality of fruehauf trailers is excellent. that’s why we have such a long and fruitful relationship with the company. and now it’s under the ownership of mv commercial, we have even more trust in fruehauf’s abilities.”news & insights
stay connected via press releases, stories, announcements, and industry insights.

 
fruehauf engages with future talent at south kesteven skills summit

fruehauf attended the south kesteven council skills summit at grantham...



february 2025 


 
lomas distribution praises fruehauf’s reliability and support in new video case study

fruehauf has released a new video case study showcasing its...



february 2025 


 
fruehauf: a three-year transformation under mv commercial

in just three years since mv commercial rescued fruehauf from...



january 2025 




 
more news & insights

download our brochure

our comprehensive 33 page brochure
discover fruehauf’s premium range of tipper trailers, including sloper, stepframe, bathtub, halfpipe, and blower models.
download our detailed brochures to learn how our expertly engineered solutions can meet your transport needs with engineering excellence and reliability.




access comprehensive details on specifications, features, and benefits to find the perfect trailer for your business requirements.




company name							


email address							


which trailer are you interested in?							

blowerbathtubhalfpipesloperstepframe

by submitting this form, i understand that the information i have provided to fruehauf via this form will be used to provide me with the requested content. for more information about how fruehauf manages personal data, please see privacy policy.in addition, i consent to fruehauf contacting me for the following purposes. i can withdraw this consent at any time.


i consent to receiving marketing communications from fruehauf.
this includes for example industry insights, information on products and services, offers, product  launches, discount, and promotions. 




 
download brochure

interested in our new & used trailers?
whether you’re looking to purchase, rent, or hire our new or used trailers, contact our sales team for expert advice, detailed information, or to explore solutions tailored to your specific needs



 
contact us today

our trailer range


blower

sloper

stepframe

halfpipe

bathtub
services


maintenance & repairs

parts & accessories

livery & graphic design

finance & hire

warranty

part exchange

library/resources
about fruehauf


about us

news & insights
follow fruehauf



 
facebook


 
linkedin


 
instagram


 
youtube


join our mailing list
join our mailing list to keep up to date with all the latest fruehauf trailer news and offers.




i am interested in: 							 trailers parts maintenance warranty



i consent to receiving marketing communications from fruehauf. this includes for example industry insights, information on products and services, offers, product launches, discounts and promotions. 


join now




cookies policy

privacy policy

terms & conditions

company registration number: sc708376
© fruehauf trailers 2025 all rights reserved         




