









lee likes bikes - and so should you - lee likes bikes









































lee likes bikes mtb school
dynamic mtb fit
live instruction
remote coaching
shop
blog
search




menu


menu

 







welcome friends!
my name is lee mccormack, and i like bikes.
i’ve been riding for 50 years and working as a professional mountain bike communicator, inventor and teacher for 22 years. as part of my mission to help everyone get the most from their riding, i offer the world’s only holistic approach to

mountain bike design;
dynamic mountain bike fit;
riding technique;
physical training;
and mental practices.

this creates a coherent mental model that makes learning easier and riding way more fun (and faster), especially for people who consider themselves naturally more analytical than athletic.
i invite you to use the entire system, or pick and choose what you need.
questions? email me at leelikesbikes@gmail.com, and let’s see how i can best help you.
have fun out there,
lee

mtb skills instructionmtb coaching on zoom. improve your riding skills — and your fun — with some professional help. with your phone and some earbuds we can work anywhere you have a cell signal. let’s meet at the pump track, on trail or in your office.
in-person private classes. we’ll work on what you need, at your pace, in your learning style. my hourly rate works for up to 6 riders. feel free to share with your friends! this is essential if you’re an experienced rider, are neurodivergent or haven’t found a mtb coach who can teach at your level.
public classes. join a group of new friends for a fun learning adventure.

mistress cyclesmistress. noun. feminine for master.
mistress cycles are designed to prevent the most common crashes. they are comfortable and easy to ride, which gives you the confidence to get in shape, explore new places or absolutely shred. get your custom hardtail or full suspension bike at www.mistresscycles.com.

dynamic mtb fitone of my proudest achievements is the discovery of and creation of the ridelogic bike setup system. this ain’t your traditional road/xc bike fit. we set your bike up for peak power, optimal handing and deep, frequent flow states.
book/ebook: dialed – the secret math of a perfect mountain bike setup
1:1 mtb selection/setup consultations – buy with absolute confidence that you’ll love the fit of your bike.

lee likes bikes mtb schoolthe internet is a heck of a great invention. it offers the best aspects of books, plus video and interaction. thousands of people all over the world are riding (and living) better.
lee likes bikes mtb school.

books and e-booksdialed: the secret math of the perfect mountain bike setup
mastering mountain bike skills v3 – the bible of mtb technique
pro bmx skills – the bible of bmx technique
teaching mountain bike skills – the skills training manual for the u.s. national high school mtb league
welcome to pump track nation v2 – how to build your own pump track. this book launched the global pump track movement.
f6: six moves to build your foundation – off-bike training that makes sense.
pump up the base – 12-week off-season base pedaling fitness and skills.
prepare to pin it – 12-week in-season peak pedaling fitness and skills.






dynamic mountain bike fit
mountain biking is an exciting revolution. bikes, trails and riding styles are improving fast!
to get the most joy from your riding, you gotta select the correct bike size then dial it in for your body and riding style.
we have a system to help you.


learn more about dynamic mtb fit

lee likes bikes
mtb school
our online mtb school helps you dial in your bike for your body and riding style, then master the skills that upgrade riding from fun to fun!!! all of our methods are simple and proven. you spend less time looking at stuff online and more time shredding.

get your mind blown

in-person instruction
learn kung fu mtb skills with the most effective teaching method and the best mountain bike teacher in the world. i’m based in boulder, co and teach all over. treat yourself to a private or group class. i guarantee you’ll be stoked.
– lee

upgrade yourself

mistress cycles
ride with more comfort, confidence and fun.
our warm embrace geometry is designed to prevent most crashes and fit riders from 4’10” to 6’8?.
we have begun taking orders for custom bikes.

learn more!
   

search this site (more than 2,000 articles)








menulee likes bikes mtb school
dynamic mtb fit
live instruction
remote coaching
shop
blog
join our newsletter!


email:




subscribe








© copyright  - lee likes bikes - powered by enfold wordpress theme






scroll to top









