















manhattan area chamber of commerce | official website









 















skip to main content

























 














contact us








membership login








join










 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 




    economic development      visit manhattan      events      programs      news      about us  


 

 

 

 

 

 






 








 














advocatethe chamber efforts foster strong working relationships between manhattan and the community.








directorysearch our business directory database.










 
 














eventsview all upcoming events with the chamber.








leadership manhattanproviding access to quality leadership training program that benefits participants, employers and your community.










 
 
 

 














military relations








hype: young professionals of mhk










 
 














start a business








move to mhk










 
 
 

 














upcoming events


mark your calendar
 






  
 
 
























 









 
 
 




 














latest news


current headlines
 






  
 
 















jim gordon honored as the 2024 lud fiser citizen of the year 		



read on...







vern henricks named c. clyde jones volunteer of the year 		



read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce names katie seay as young professional of the year 		



read on...







chamber releases growth strategy 		



you’ve heard us talk a lot recently about economic growth in manhattan. it has been a challenge for our community and region for the past decade.						read on...







celebrate 100 years of  community and connection with us 		



read on...







growth summit agenda set for jan. 24 		



read on...







chambers name 2025 20 under 40 winners 		



the junction city, manhattan and wamego chambers of commerce have released the 3rd annual 20 under 40 class of young professionals making a difference in their communities.						read on...







commission weighs in on tough issues 		



public service as an elected official can sometimes be a tireless and thankless job.						read on...







chamber to present to city commission 		



it’s the time of the year for the chamber staff’s favorite pre-christmas activity: our annual presentation to the manhattan city commission.						read on...







leadership manhattan’s 32nd class named 		



leadership manhattan is rolling into 2025 with the 32nd class. we recently announced next year’s class which you can see below.						read on...







new federal requirement for small business 		



the federal government continually develops new programs that impact small businesses across the country.						read on...







small biz saturday this week 		



thanksgiving is upon us and i hope you all have a great start to your holiday season.						read on...







congratulations leadership manhattan class of 2025 		



read on...







chamber supports housing programs 		



there has been a lot of conversation recently regarding housing in manhattan. several proposals will be in front of the manhattan city commission over the next few weeks including two rhid proposals.						read on...







manhattan hospitality industry celebrated 		



visit manhattan is proud to recognize the successes and outstanding achievements of our hospitality industry in four categories: attraction of the year, restaurant of the year, retail of the year and lodging of the year.						read on...







leaders retreat gets name change 		



as we start to look forward to the new year, i wanted to take a moment to make you aware of a change in the name of one of our more popular programs. the annual regional leaders retreat has been changed to the regional growth summit.						read on...







15 under 40 nominations open 		



read on...







visit manhattan receives  state awards 		



our organization has been honored by several entities over the past few years for outstanding work in tourism and economic development.						read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce launches youth leadership program 		



read on...







state candidates answer chamber questions 		



election season is upon us and races are heating up across the state of kansas.						read on...







mann to speak at chamber breakfast 		



read on...







business award winners announced 		



we love to recognize successful businesses.						read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce announces the winners of the 2024 business awards 		



read on...







successful mentorship program is expanding 		



read on...







governor kelly congratulates recipients of 39th annual minority and women business awards 		



additional info...







on tourism, winning awards and tgt taxes 		



tourism has been a lively topic of discussion over the past few weeks.						read on...







growth strategy moving forward 		



read on...







metl to host issue forums 		



read on...







workshop set for women, minority entrepreneurs 		



read on...







classroom to career program inspiring student careers 		



read on...







mid-year reports planned for city commission 		



read on...







nbaf team seeking input 		



it’s hard to believe, but the national bio and agro-defense facility (nbaf) has been part of manhattan’s lexicon for nearly two full decades.						read on...







new division commander to speak at luncheon 		



in case you missed it, the ceremony for the newest first infantry division took place in june.						read on...







leadership changing at fort riley 		



read on...







first phase of growth strategy complete 		



the manhattan region has certainly had its share of challenges over the past decade. we’ve seen negative economic activity among our largest employers including less jobs, less students, and less soldiers.						read on...







thoughts on caterpillar announcement 		



it was sad and upsetting to see the news from wamego last week regarding caterpillar.						read on...







business award  nominations are open 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce is an organization of over 850 manhattan area businesses. as such, we believe one of our primary missions is to celebrate the success of our business community.						read on...







chamber launches second annual mhk summer intern program 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce is dedicated to attracting and retaining talented individuals to the manhattan community.						read on...







economic development week spotlights important work 		



read on...







visit manhattan has seven venues to explore in the kansas sunflower summer program 		



read on...







go green match day part of howe’s legacy 		



today is an important day for non-profits around manhattan as it marks the 12th annual grow green match day.						read on...







chamber spotlighting small business 		



small business week is approaching and the manhattan area chamber of commerce intends to acknowledge the week by spotlighting several of our own members which could include you.						read on...







mhk losing key economic development partners 		



it feels like we have said goodbye or are going to say goodbye to a lot of people recently.						read on...







new marketing campaign to launch 		



read on...







leadership, customer service seminars set 		



providing education and leadership development opportunities are key activities of the manhattan area chamber of commerce.						read on...







mhk welcomes ncaa women’s tournament 		



if you love basketball, then this is your favorite time of the year.						read on...







chamber partners with gmcf on key initiatives 		



read on...







chamber mrc supports fort riley 		



read on...







kansas chamber & education foundation announce 2024 leadership kansas class 		



topeka, kan. - the kansas chamber and kansas chamber education foundation friday announced the 40 kansans chosen for 2024 leadership kansas class.						read on...







reports show kansas state,  fort riley major economic engines for mhk 		



read on...







new funds, new director for spark 		



the enhancement of the start-up ecosystem in the manhattan region continues to be a priority of our economic development efforts.						read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce names ron fehr as lud fiser citizen of the year 		



read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce names jim morrison as c. clyde jones volunteer of the year 		



read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce names blade mages  as young professional of the year 		



read on...







update on important initiatives 		



read on...







housing a critical community issue 		



the three newly seated manhattan city commissioners got to dive right into key issues last week when the collective group took up the dialogue on housing and potential programs to encourage more development.						read on...







annual meeting next big thing for chamber 		



last week was one of those weeks that makes me grateful to work at the manhattan area chamber of commerce.						read on...







chamber leadership positions chosen for 2024 		



welcome to monday matters-tuesday edition. the chamber offices were closed yesterday in recognition of martin luther king jr.'s birthday. hopefully you took time to remember the contributions of this incredible american.						read on...







chambers name 2024 15 under 40 winners 		



the junction city, manhattan and wamego chambers of commerce have released the 2nd annual 15 under 40 class of young professionals making a difference in their communities.						read on...







elevate fund gets off the ground 		



the chamber has had a major focus on entrepreneurship in 2023.						read on...







aggieville project on city agenda 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce board of directors recently committed support for the midtown development project in aggieville.						read on...







chamber congratulates ron fehr 		



the ability for a community to achieve its maximum economic potential relies on a number of factors.						read on...







congratulations leadership manhattan class of 2024 		



read on...







a potential solution to rising taxes 		



read on...







manhattan in d.c. to support fort riley 		



read on...







mhk chamber receives 2023 excellence in eco devo awards from the international eco devo council 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce was recognized twice with 2023 excellence in economic development awards from the international economic development council (iedc).						read on...







leadership manhattan planning new year 		



community leadership is the most important element to long-term economic viability and prosperity. that's why you see so many chambers of commerce across the country coordinating community leadership programs.						read on...







manhattan area chamber of commerce announces the winners of the 2023 business awards 		



read on...







candidates respond to chamber questions 		



election season is here with some key community races being decided in november.						read on...







ks statebank named cornerstone winner 		



the fourth annual business awards are fast approaching.						read on...







are you ready for some football? 		



it’s football time in manhattan.						read on...







taxes and economic growth 		



there’s been a lot of discussion recently about property tax increases.						read on...







grant to assist with childcare challenge 		



read on...







business awards finalists announced 		



read on...







chamber staff promotions 		



i am happy to announce three promotions among our team at the chamber.						read on...







developer considering speculative program 		



if you build it, they will come isn’t just a memorable line from a great baseball movie. it is also an economic development axiom about business attraction and expansion.						read on...







chamber earns 5-star designation 		



read on...







entrepreneurship funding approved 		



read on...







rozell named director of convention & visitors bureau 		



a familiar face will be the new leader of manhattan’s convention and visitors bureau.						read on...







important policy events set this week 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce provides our members ample opportunities to get engaged in the public policy process.						read on...






greater manhattan region wins $1 million nsf engines development award 		



additional info...







chamber starting new talent initiative 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce is committed to retaining and attracting talented individuals to manhattan.						read on...







leadership changes at uv&s announced 		



read on...







new diplomats program unveiled 		



there are a number of ways for members to become more engaged in the manhattan area chamber of commerce.						read on...







nominations are open for business awards 		



it’s time to begin thinking about one of my favorite events of the year – the manhattan area chamber of commerce’s annual business awards.						read on...







newsletter helps tell members’ stories 		



we love to talk about what we do at the chamber. but more importantly, we love to talk about what all of you are doing.						read on...







chamber to support matc signing day 		



manhattan has great ncaa division 1 athletics. so, we are used to paying attention to “signing days” as it pertains to kansas state football and basketball.						read on...







no easy solution to aggieville challenges 		



there are occasionally issues that confront a community that don’t have easy answers.						read on...







manhattan shines in  site selection ranking 		



by now you may have read about kansas’ win in the site selection magazine governor’s cup rankings for the top state in the country in projects per capita.						read on...







to the 'ville 		



progress is sometimes a difficult process.						read on...







dod approves $60 million in grants under defense community infrastructure pilot program 		



on september 22, 2021, the department of defense announced the award of 13 grants totaling approximately $60 million under the defense community infrastructure pilot program by the office of local defense community cooperation.						read on







manhattan area chamber of commerce announces the winners of the 2021 business awards 		



the manhattan area chamber of commerce recognized seven regional businesses at its annual business awards today at the manhattan conference center.						read on







manhattan pursuing private developers for speculative industrial building 		



manhattan, kansas, may soon break ground on a new speculative building.						read on







enhancing sports  tourism in mhk 		



sports tourism is big business across the u.s. as well as manhattan.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















 






  
 









     





 
 



   
 
 



  
 







contact us







manhattan area chamber of commerce501 poyntz avenue manhattan, ks 66502


phone: 785-776-8829monday – friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.


email
 






  
 







quick links







join now



need a product or service?



chamber events



volunteer now



privacy policy 



women/minority owned business directory



veteran owned business directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









