




  






home - biddeford+saco chamber of commerce+industry, me





































































 toggle navigation   






chamber






home


about us


board of directors


staff


contact us








visitors






chamber welcome center


request information


events list








members






member directory


member login


member hot deals


member benefits


become a member


events list








what's new






hot deals


events calendar


job postings


weather & tides








strategies






workforce+education


tourism+community


economic development








newsletter






join our e-mail dist. list


monthly newsletters







join today!


































two great cities, one amazing community






































benefits of becoming a member









join the chamber









sign-up for our newsletter


























































































































































































































































click here for local information on the coronavirus response effort / q&a!! 
 



















 













welcome new chamber members



apero
brew england
cy cyr photography
great falls construction
make-a-wish foundation of maine
ocean pines campground
sandy pines campground
the creative soul



































































































 
the biddeford+saco chamber is committed to promoting its members first, whether it's a local resident looking for services, or a visitor searching for places to go and things to do.
call us or email us if you would like a copy of our 2024 biddeford & saco area resource guide!
 







xxxx

















































































chamber spotlight
the chamber would like to recognize the great team at member renewal by andersen in saco for all their proactive support of the community and our organization! learn more about their capabilities and services at: https://renewalbyandersenreplacement.com
                                                                             



















































premium sponsors:







 
 





what's new












































ribbon cuttings
ribbon cuttings are a great way to generate more awareness and interest for new businesses, or existing businesses celebrating a new milestone.



































workshops and seminars
these help our members learn more about a topic of interest that impacts their business. our goal is to conduct monthly educational sessions as an ongoing membership benefit.



































cash mobs
these are just one of the ways we support our members by showing everyone why you should choose a chamber member first!




































biddeford+saco chamber of commerce+industry

 28 water street, suite 1, biddeford, me 04005

 207. 282.1567

 info@biddefordsacochamber.org 














© copyright 2025 biddeford+saco chamber of commerce+industry. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.



















 


