






 welcome page - the  caretaker  gazette - #1 source for caretaker opportunities since 1983!




























   (206) 462-1818 | what is this? | privacy | forgot password



 


 



















please click here to place an ad in the caretaker gazette

















new caretaking and house sitting jobs daily



monday, february 17 2025 




celebrating the gazette's 43rd year 
of publication!



the caretaker gazette 

        is a unique newsletter containing property caretaking and house sitting jobs, advice, 

        and information for property caretakers, housesitters, and landowners. 

        published since 1983, it's the only publication in the world dedicated 

        to the property caretaking field.  email: caretakergazette@gmail.com

 





 



check out our latest on instagram! click on a photo for a description.


        view this profile on instagram            caretaker gazette (@housesitter) • instagram photos and videos 






the gazette 
        provides its subscribers with thousands of house sitting and property caretaking jobs 
        each year. we have housesitting jobs in all 50 us states, canada, mexico and dozens of other countries.
all of our subscribers also receive, at no extra charge, email listings of new rent-free living opportunities (when property owners need to find house 
        sitters very quickly) several times each week. 
 



you can enjoy rent-free living as a property caretaker in desirable locations. positions on estates, mansions, farms, ranches, resort homes, retreat centers, camps, hunting and fishing lodges, vacation homes, private islands, and any other kind of property imaginable are listed in the gazette.











facts about the  caretaker gazette



 

published since 1983, now in our 43rd year!

the only publication dedicated to the property caretaking field in 
print and online.

we are a bricks and mortar company - not just a website.

 new house sitting and caretaker jobs daily! thousands of new 
jobs each year in the u.s. and worldwide!

other websites allow fraudulent ads for housesitting and property 
caretaking jobs that do not exist. we don't.


 

the caretaker gazette ads are legitimate and paid for by the 
advertisers. compare this to other websites which allow anyone to post 
anything.extensive situations-wanted section for homeowners searching for 
housesitters and property caretakers.

subscribers receive bimonthly issues immediately via caretaker.org 
online or a paper copy sent through the mail.

subscribers receive hundreds of new caretaking and house sitting jobs via our email update service.

online subscriptions cost just $29.95 per year, or $49.95 for two years, or 
$69.95 for three years.

         









subscribe now to lock in your low rate!



subscribe to the caretaker gazette, a bi-monthly publication, and start using the rent-free living opportunities that we publish. we’re sorry, but we do not send sample issues out any more, since our subscribers were unhappy that people were taking caretaking positions and housesitting opportunities out of the old sample issues we used to send out.

click here to subscribe now!
 

 

for those of you who would like to save some money and lock in our current low subscription rates before our next rate increase, you can subscribe for two years for $49.95, or three years for $69.95. these subscription rates are for caretaker.org online subscribers. postal subscriptions with addresses within the usa are an extra $5/year. if you have any house sitting or property caretaking questions,please email us at:
caretakergazette@gmail.comor write:the caretaker gazette
    1205 e 31st street
    austin tx 78722
or call:(206) 462-1818 anytime, and if it's after hours, please just leave us a message. thanks!



the caretaker gazette is a
registered publication with the serial record division, library of congress,
and the issn register (the most comprehensive and authoritative source for the
identification of serial publications world-wide.) for more information, go to http://www.lcweb.loc.gov/issn/
the issn (international
standard serial number) at the library of congress for the caretaker gazette is issn 1074-3642


 






toxic & chemical free products available from the only family-owned american manufacturer in the u.s. over 450 products from house cleaning, personal care, essential oils, home fragrance, vitamins, makeup and skin care, and much more. check out our antibiotic & hormone free beef! grass fed, young stay with mothers. only vertically integrated farm in the u.s. which means everything is done for the black angus on the farm! no middle man! great prices as you buy direct from the factory and farm. please call (228) 342-3761 or email lydia.patriotswitch@gmail.com






















home

 | samples

 | subscribe

 | advertise

 | about us

 | profiles

 | reviews

 | links

 | contact







 



tweet
 





subscriber's choice: online or print issues!


 

  

  recent emailed ad!



vermont
 
seeking a full-time caretaker for a lake champlain island in vermont from may - october. skill sets needed are a strong work ethic and self-motivation; expertise with maintaining and running boats, farm machinery and solar systems; building and property maintenance; and hospitality skills for a weekly rental property. a monthly stipend with a three bedroom log home, vegetable garden and all utilities provided. if you love epic sunrises and sunsets, enjoy people and a tranquil but challenging environment, this might be for you. additional details are available upon request. please contact xxxxxxxxxxxxx                      



  

subscribe now to view the full text of this ad and hundreds more!
click hereto subscribe


  

  customer reviews







  



-------- advertisement --------













 


  success stories








 







 


  bonus report!



 


freecaretakingreport!
subscribe to the caretaker gazettefor 2 or 3 years toreceive a freecopy of our exclusivecaretaking report.
click here to subscribe


 




 


  get results!



are youlooking toadvertise?
reach thousands of readers.
find housesitters and property caretakers!
click here





 



  contact us!



the caretaker gazette
1205 e 31st street
austin tx 78722
(206) 462-1818
caretaker@caretaker.org


 






all content copyright 2025 caretaker publishing, inc * terms of use
 follow us on twitter @housesitter!!



 


+






 




