








fibroids: a gynecologist's second opinion | if you have uterine fibroids










































fibroids - a gynecologist's second opinion



home
about dr. parker
awards & honors
resumé
surgical consultations
new patients
getting a second opinion
patient comments
appointments
our office


topics of interest

about uterine fibroids
symptoms of uterine fibroids
fibroids, fertility and pregnancy
watchful waiting or medical treatment
do you need surgery?
fibroids & cancer
laparoscopic and robotic myomectomy
abdominal myomectomy
hysteroscopic myomectomy for bleeding or infertility
vaginal myomectomy for cervical fibroids
questions everyone should ask their doctor before surgery
caring for yourself after surgery
fibroid photos
using mri to decide the best treatment option for you
can new fibroids grow?
do you need a hysterectomy?
uterine artery embolization, focused ultrasound
fibroid treatment options based on your symptoms
adenomyosis
resources
new: download this website for free to your kindle!












welcome back to fibroid second opinion

sadly, my wife rachel became ill in february 2022 and passed away in july, 2022.  very sad for me and our three sons.  we were married for 52 years, so there is a big hole in my life and heart.
i went on family medical leave in february and then, when it was not clear what was going to happen, i retired from clinical practice july 1st, 2022.   i continue to teach gynecology to ucsd residents, but i no longer go to the operating room.
many women have told me that this website was very helpful to them when dealing with fibroid issues.  in the past year, the website crashed for technical reasons and is now up and running again.  i plan to continue the website and will make an ongoing effort to update the information.  the information is based on clinical studies and there are no commercial interests or biases.
i’ve trained a number of gynecologists in both the technical surgical procedures and the value of uterine (and ovarian) preservation.  dr. shira varon at ucsd and dr. valentina triana-rodriguez and dr. brianne romeroso at ucla are skilled surgeons and interested in taking care of women with fibroids.  i will invite them to participate in the website with their clinical expertise in their areas of interest.
i hope you find this website helpful.
and, as always, i wish you good health,
bill parker, md
 
if you have uterine fibroids
by william h. parker, md


if you are visiting this website, it is likely that you or someone close to you has uterine fibroids…
recent developments in gynecology have expanded the treatment alternatives now available to women with fibroids. i wrote and designed this website to provide women with comprehensive and easy-to-understand information about fibroids and state-of-the-art treatments available.
i am a voluntary clinical professor of the department of reproductive medicine at the uc san diego school of medicine, former president of an international minimally invasive gynecological organization (aagl) and former director of minimally invasive gynecologic surgery at the ucla medical center, santa monica. most importantly, i have been performing and teaching all the available surgical techniques covered in this website for many years, and this experience has allowed me to stay in the forefront of the field.
the medical information available to women regarding fibroids in books, on the internet or from doctors is often contradictory and confusing. in my own efforts to understand all the issues related to fibroids, i undertook a year-long review of more than 300 papers from the medical literature. as a result of that review, i published a two-part article in the internationally renowned journal fertility and sterility. for those who wish to see the original articles, they may be accessed here: etiology, symptomatology and diagnosis of uterine myomas and uterine myomas: management. much of the information on this website is adapted from those articles and it is information you will want to know before choosing the path to take for any fibroid-associated problems.
the present pressures in healthcare leave many doctors little time or incentive to learn new medical developments, and they have even less time to explain treatment alternatives to patients.   for women who need treatment, many treatment options exist and you need to search out a doctor who both understands all the available options and who is also skilled at performing these treatments (or the rare doctor who will refer you to another physician who does have the necessary skill and experience).
i hope that this website will have the answers you’ve been looking for and will provide you with a trusted reference to turn to. and i wish you good health.


voluntary clinical professor, department of reproductive medicine, uc san diego school of medicine


page last updated: january, 2018



disclaimer: the ideas, procedures and suggestions contained on this web site are not intended as a substitute for consulting with your physician. all matters regarding your health require medical supervision. 





schedule an appointment today!

read dr. parker's blog

welcome back to fibroid second opinion
new video showing how dr. parker performs an abdominal (open) myomectomy
myomectomy, not hysterectomy – dr. parker gives lecture at mit science and medicine forum
petition – residency requirement committee
dr. parker joining faculty at uc san diego
view all blog archives


blog categories

about the blog

announcements

answers to patient questions

recent fibroid research








home
about dr. parker
honors & awards
resumé
surgical consultations
new patients
getting a second opinion
patient comments
appointments
our office

 subscribe via rss   |   privacy statement    |   honcode - we comply with the the  honcode standard for health trust worthy information: verify here.  designed by parker digital
to make an appointment: (858) 657-8745
copyright © 2004-2025 william h. parker, md. all rights reserved.



 william
h
parker

dr. william h. parker, md, gynecologist

8910 villa la jollasuite 200
la jolla
, 
  ca
, 
  92037
usa

 (858) 657-8745









