




































    
    shake-away organic animal repellents
  
  












              

     animal solutions


   cat repellent



  large animal repellent


   armadillo-repellent



  deer-repellent



  elk-repellent



  javelina-repellent





  rodent repellent


   chipmunk-repellent



  mice-repellent



  mole-repellent



  rat-repellent



  shrew-repellent



  squirrel-repellent



  vole-repellent





  small animal repellent


   gopher-repellent



  groundhog-repellent



  porcupine-repellent



  possum-repellent



  rabbit-repellent



  skunk-repellent



  woodchuck-repellent





  mouse-repellent





  all products





   questions?


   product faq



  directions for use



  how to purchase



  guarantee polcy



  sds information





  contact





animal repellent for lawn, garden, and home

 







    
 





       
    
  mouse in the house?
not anymore with shake-away mouse repellent!  .
  

button



 
  stop deer, rabbits, cats and other animals from   destroying your plants, shrubs, and garden.
shake-away animal repellent products safely and effectively repel animals like deer, rabbits, cats and more from damaging your plants..
  

button



 
  deer don't hibernate and neither does shake-away
winter doesn't bring relief from deer damage.  if you don't protect it, your yard may become for hungry deer. our deer repellent packs hand above the snow for elevated protection during winter months..
  

button









   shop by animal problem


     


rodent repellent granulesrepellents for :chipmunkmicemolesratssquirrelsshrewsvoles   

see all rodent products


   


fox urine granulessmall critter repellentrepellents for :gophersgroundhogsporcupinespossumsrabbitsskunkswoodchucks   

see all small animal repellent


   


coyote urine granulesdeer and large animal repellentrepellents for :armadillodeerelkjavelina   

see all large animal products


   


coyote / fox urine granulesdomestic cat repellentrepellents for :domestic cats   

see all cat products




   what our customer say     
  every spring deer would eat the tops off of the tulips as fast as the flower would emerge. but since i have used shake-away, i enjoy my tulips instead of the deer.
 - michael denguy, turner, mi
  

button



 
  we had a problem with possums under our house. after trapping several, we resorted to shake-away. just a few shakes and now the possums seem to have disappeared!
- joanne hesley, albermarle, nc
  

button



 
  living in a rural area, we had an increasing problem with mice getting into our cars. it was creepy and ultimately very expensive. i bought your product and put it around the vehicles. i have been very pleased with the results. i will be ordering another container!
- penny olson, spanaway, wa
  

button









   why are our products guaranteed effective?it's our unique use of the predator -prey concept! the predator-prey relationship is the strongest force in nature.fear of predators is something every prey animal is born with and our products utilize it to your advantage.  our animal repellents are the one and only product of their kind to contain the genuine territorial marking tool of your pest animal's legitimate predator. predator urine. 
yep. the real thing in a unique shakeable granule form. science supports the effectiveness of our products' active ingredients:     


  


  


  





     
  fox
fox
  

button



 
  coyote
coyote
  

button









   learn more about shake-away's  animal repellents


   shake-away coyote urine granules (deer and large animal repellent)shake-away are easy to use coyote urine granules repels large animals including armadillos, deer, elk, and javelinas.   shake-away coyote urine granules are the only product of its kind to contain the genuine territorial marking tool of your pest animal’s most feared predator, the coyote. that marking tool is coyote urine. yep. the real thing, in easy and safe to use, long lasting, and weather-resistant granular form.
 



   indoor mouse repellent packsshake-away's mouse repellent means no more mouse in your house!now you can bring the protection of shake-away indoors! shake-away's indoor mouse repellent packs are the company's first product specifically created for indoor use. our mouse repellent packs contain a proprietary blend of natural oils that is unpleasant to mice and sends them packing. an easy, safe and effective way to rid your space of mice. 
 



   learn more about shake-away's outdoor & indoor animal repellentsshake-away has nearly 40 years combined experience in studying animal scent communication. we specialize in developing guaranteed effective products for outdoor use. all of our patented or patent pending products are guaranteed to be the safest and easiest to use in the industry today. our products are scientifically proven to work, with years of research and development behind each product.
 







       

 2330 whitney ave hamden ct 06518toll free 1-800-517-9207email: ryan.reynolds@shake-away.com     

 





 find your shake-way repellent product by animal    armadilloschipmunksdeercatselkgroundhogsjavelina
 micepossumsrabbitsratsshrewssquirrelsvoles



















































































































  
  share by:








