















housingpanic - the housing bubble blog with an attitude problem, 2005 - 2008















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






housingpanic - the housing bubble blog with an attitude problem, 2005 - 2008



a time capsule of the greatest financial mania in the history of mankind, told in real-time by regular folks and patriots.  may future generations better understand the madness of crowds, and how power and money corrupt.




















february 18, 2022






 joe biden is the worst president in the history of the united states of america.  and the cnn democrat part is evil. inflationcrimemandatescovidtaxescorruptionenergy dependencedrugstransvestites, perverts and child molestersbudget deficitsforeign policy debaclesillegal immigrationriotswokenesselection cheatingteachers unionsstock market crashwho in their right mind supports this idiot and his masters at the dnc and cnn?  who believes he legitimately received the most votes in history?this will not end well.send in the trucks.




posted by
blogger


at
2/18/2022


0
comments






























august 04, 2018





donald j trump is making america great again, and the democrats and leftist media can go to fucking hell



years go by, and it's infuriating to see the same deceptions by the mainstream media.

they told you housing prices could never, ever go down.  they told you iraq had wmd.

they told you obamacare would be affordable health insurance, where you could keep your doctor.

and now they're telling you that president donald j. trump is a russian agent set upon the destruction of america.

fuck cnn.  fuck msnbc.  fuck the amazon washington post.  fuck the new york times.

these media entertainment democrat channels lied to you before, they're lying to you again, and the are truly the enemy of the people.
rise up america.  this is war. 





i hope everyone profited from my earlier predictions.  it truly was my honor to help my fellow man, as the mainstream democrat media failed america.  



but now folks, this is war.



it's on.

let's go.



peace out.





posted by
blogger


at
8/04/2018


10
comments

























november 16, 2016






i'm back!  ok, just to gloat in the victory of president of the united states of america donald j. trump





made possible by the great housing crash of 2008 and the legions of pissed-off, anti-establishment free-thinking americans it produced. 

f the dems.

f the gop.

f the mainstream media - especially the hacks at cnn, nytimes and washington post.

f anyone who supports illegal immigration.

f anyone who supports the corrupt political establishment, embodied by hillary rodham clinton and her clan of grifters.

congrats to president-elect trump.  it should be a wild ride.  it better be a wild ride.

(and no, i have no idea what happens now to housing prices, the stock market or the us dollar.  all bets are off.  and hello everyone.  hope you all did well these past few years knowing what you knew.  and yes, boy oh boy, was i completely wrong about obama - one of the worst of all time, my worst pick or prediction ever.  my bad.  my bush hatred got the best of me there - should have stayed with ron paul to the end)






posted by
blogger


at
11/16/2016


25
comments

























june 08, 2013





welcome to housing bubble 2.0 - the great reflation is here







we predicted it years ago.  inflation, then deflation, then inflation.  and we've just made the turn.

if you haven't already, get out of cash and get into income-producing assets.  houses, apartment complexes, farmland, rv parks, factories, high-yield growth stocks, you name it.  why?  because everything will be going up in dollar price, while inflation takes off, and the purchasing power of the dollar declines.

cash is trash.  

welcome to the new bubble and financial mania.  this one is gonna be a doozy. 

sorry, not restarting the blog.  yet.  good luck out there.  remember, bubbles are fun - until they're not.  and a blast-from-the-past reminder.  remember denial, fear, desperation and panic?  well, get ready for excitement.  and you know what happens after that.









posted by
blogger


at
6/08/2013


38
comments

























december 18, 2010





buy.



that's it folks.  had to come back for a minute to (finally) make the housing call.buy.over two years since we ended the blog, over five years since we started it.housing crashed.  the world crashed.  markets crashed.  300,000+ realtors-on-commission went away, the rest of the cockroaches left scurrying to pick up crumbs.  millions of lives destroyed.  countries failed.  companies failed.  10%+ unemployment.  trillions of taxpayer dollars wasted.  a desperate fed.  a pissed-off population.   traitors in dc.  angelo mozilo still drinking mai-tais on his veranda.but now, it's time.  finally.buy.buy, buy, buy, buy, buy.this combination of low interest rates, low home prices, inventory oversupply, desperate sellers and great p/e's will never happen again in your lifetime.  or your children's lifetime.  and then of course there's the reinflation/currency debasement underway, but you know all about that.so this is it.buy.it's the p/e, it will always be the p/e.  and the forward p/e.  it hath been foretold.do your own math.buy.peace out.




posted by
blogger


at
12/18/2010


84
comments

























november 05, 2008





and then, on the 5th of november 2008, three years and one historic worldwide housing crash later, housingpanic came to an end.



three years.ten million views.6,000 posts.trillions lost.a world economy in shambles.and housing prices almost back to where we started.housingpanic ends.it's been a journey hp'ers, and an honor.  when i started this blog, i knew how it would end up, i just didn't know how we'd get there.  and now we know.i saw hp as a story, with a beginning, a middle and an end.  it was a tragic story, a classic rags to riches to rags tale.  and every good story, every good book or film, has a good time to end.  for housingpanic, that time is today.the election of barack obama last night, as predicted here for years, is that good time to end.   after eight long years under the worst president in us history, hope returns.  hope that the guilty will be punished.  hope that the laws will be reformed.  hope that we can dig ourselves out of this national nightmare.  hope that we can confront the challenges of our time.and so i end the blog on hope.  after the anxiety, after denial, after fear, after desperation, panic, capitulation, despondency and depression, comes hope. but what a journey it has been.  we were a ragtag, unorganized and unfunded motley crew of average folks back in 2005 who knew something was wrong in america, and around the world, and didn't know where to turn.everywhere we looked, home prices were skyrocketing to unjustified levels.  mortgage fraud was encouraged.  debt was seen as wealth. price to rent and price to income didn't matter.  loans were being given to anyone who could fog a mirror.  housing porn shows ruled the airwaves.  realtors were telling us if we didn't buy now we'd be priced out forever, and that year-round-golf justified high home prices.  our fellow citizens were queuing up for home lotteries.  and the world had lost its mind in an orgy of fraud and gambling on housing.meanwhile, our politicians sat back gladly as the housing ponzi scheme inflated, taking straight-out bribes from the reic to remain quiet.  our reic-advertising supported media again deserted us.  and the madness continued.and it looked like the madness would never end.and then, spectacularly, it ended.and now we're left to pick up the pieces.  trillions have been lost.  lives have been ruined.  future generations will be forced to pick up our tab.  and empty and unwanted homes litter the land.yet the thieves have not been arrested.  laws are not enforced.  realtors practice their lies, restraint of trade, and deceit.  and around the world, home prices are still falling and will keep falling until they make economic sense again.but now, on the 5th of november, 2008, it's time for housingpanic to end.   it's time to rebuild.  it's time to reform.  it's time to arrest the guilty.  it's time to root out the corruption.  it's time to address our ills.  it's time to hope.  it's time to renew.  it's time to reinvent.  it's time to move on.thank you to all my fellow bubble bloggers.  for most of us this was simply a calling, a passion, a desire to serve our fellow man.  a fight against the evil and corrupt.   and we have won.and thank you to the housingpanic community.  the hp'ers.  the brown shirts and the chicken littles and the tin foil hatters.  history proved us right, and our detractors wrong.  you have won.i'm going to keep blogging, but on all the issues i find interesting that are confronting america and the world, not just housing. more on the new blog in the next post.i'll turn off comments here tonight.  this body of work will then be complete.  i hope future generations, when they're studying this bubble, the biggest financial bubble in human history, enjoy this real-time view of what happened, and how it happened.  the housingpanic blog will hopefully remain here on this lonely little corner of the internet forever.  it should serve as a warning to the folly of man.  and it should serve as a beacon of hope.  that the little guy stood up and said no more.  no more.peace out.   it's been an honor.-keith




posted by
blogger


at
11/05/2008


102
comments



























come join me at my new blog: "soot and ashes - reinventing america after the housing crash"



it's now time to rebuild.it's now time to reinvent.it's time to reflect on how we got into this mess, and how we can get out of it.it's time for america to face its challenges head-on.and it's time to hope again.the housing crash, while devastating, should serve as a wake-up call, for america and for the world.we simple could not keep on keeping on.  we need to alter course.  and in many cases, if we're to rise out of the ashes, we need to radically change.i've started a new blog as of today, a work in progress, and i call it "soot and ashes".  it's at http://sootandashes.blogspot.com or www.sootandashes.com.  call it a think tank for the regular guy.  we'll discuss all the good stuff.   or as i say today:"a centrist blog hitting on all the good stuff: politics. economics. fiscal policy. foreign policy. moral issues. culture. investments. religion. humor. life."if you're a free thinking, optimistic, open-minded, solutions-oriented person, you may like it.  if you're an ignorant, negative, closed-minded, hard-core democrat or republican, you'll hate it.if you're so inclined, please join me over at soot and ashes.it's time to rebuild.  it's time to reinvent.  it's time to hope.




posted by
blogger


at
11/05/2008


7
comments



























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)














about me





blogger



view my complete profile



hp blogs & websites


americapanic
angry bear
angry renter
bank implode-o-meter
big picture
blown mortgage
boom 2 bust
bubble blog news
bubble markets
bubble meter
businessweek hot property
calculated risk
case shiller graphs
charles smith
cnbc realty check
contrarian chronicles
countrywide foreclosures
deflationland
denninger market ticker
dirty scottsdale
dollar collapse
dr. housing bubble
drudge report
fed up usa protest
financial sense
firedoglake
flippers in trouble
foreclosure data
gawker
gold equals money blog
gold prices
high probability kid
homegain blog
housebubble blog
housing blog recap
housing bubble bust
housing bubble hall of shame
housing doom
housing fear
housing tracker
housing watch price tracker
housing wire
i can't sell my house
infectious greed
inventory overload (realtor)
irvine housing blog
itulip
j-walk blog
kitco
kunstler
la times bubble blog
la westside bubble
lasner on real estate (oc)
lawrence yun watch
long island bubble
marin bubble
media - businessweek
media - financial times
media - new york times
media - news hounds
media - olbermann blog
media - tv newser
media - wall street journal
media matters
millionaire mommy
mish's global economic
ml implode-o-meter
moneyfiles bubble blog
mortgage fraud blog
mortgage insider
mortgage ledger
mortgagefit portal
my two cents blog
national mortgage news
news: reddit
northern new jersey bubble blog
nyc bubble
paper economy blog
paranoid ben's boring blog
patrick.net
peakoil - life after the oil crash
phoenix flippers in trouble
piggington
pimco bill gross
politics - c-span videos
politics - dick morris
politics - first read
politics - freerepublic gop talking points
politics - huffington
politics - kos
politics - malkin
politics - national journal
politics - politico
politics - politicstv.com
politics - realclearpolitics.com
politics - redstate gop talking points
politics - the note
politics - tpm cafe
portland oregon bubble
prudent investor
ramen recipes for realtors
rancid truth
real clear politics
real estate & housing outlook
real estate bloggers
real estate decline
redfin.com
republicans are assholes
sacramento landing
scottsdale sucks
seattle housing blog
slackerrevolution
socal bubble
soot & ashes - new from housingpanic
speculative bubble
stocks - blogging stocks
stocks - bob brinker
stocks - cramer mad money videos
stocks - dealbreaker
stocks - denninger
stocks - financial times
stocks - forex expert
stocks - i bank coin
stocks - market ticker
stocks - money week
stocks - motley fool caps
stocks - option addict
stocks - options trader
stocks - portfolio.com
stocks - realclearmarkets
stocks - seeking alpha
stocks - thestreet.com
stop the mortgage bailout
the greenspan mess
the superficial
trulia
truth about mortgage blog
uk house bubble
video - blip radical tv
video - brasschecktv
video - countdown
video - fox business
video - movietone news
video - nbc news
video: bloomberg live
video: bnn bubble news
video: c-span junkie
video: cnn live
video: crooks and liars
video: daily show
video: housing crash tv
video: jim cramer
video: msnbc
video: pbs frontline
video: peter schiff europacific
video: politics videos
video: presidential debates
video: tpmtv
vigilant investor
voice of san diego
what bubble?
wiki us bubble
zillow.com
zz hp mandatory terms of use





new! housingpanic via e-mail
enter your email address:delivered by feedburner





live gold pricesfree gram of gold for hp'ers when you open an account at bullionvault



blog archive





february 2022 (1)
      

august 2018 (1)
      

november 2016 (1)
      

june 2013 (1)
      

december 2010 (1)
      

november 2008 (22)
      

october 2008 (155)
      

september 2008 (164)
      

august 2008 (141)
      

july 2008 (108)
      

june 2008 (129)
      

may 2008 (128)
      

april 2008 (161)
      

march 2008 (198)
      

february 2008 (168)
      

january 2008 (190)
      

december 2007 (151)
      

november 2007 (132)
      

october 2007 (146)
      

september 2007 (157)
      

august 2007 (143)
      

july 2007 (163)
      

june 2007 (147)
      

may 2007 (153)
      

april 2007 (135)
      

march 2007 (118)
      

february 2007 (147)
      

january 2007 (138)
      

december 2006 (157)
      

november 2006 (154)
      

october 2006 (193)
      

september 2006 (199)
      

august 2006 (182)
      

july 2006 (184)
      

june 2006 (140)
      

may 2006 (200)
      

april 2006 (166)
      

march 2006 (154)
      

february 2006 (105)
      

january 2006 (74)
      

december 2005 (119)
      

november 2005 (132)
      








 


























