













home | longwood collective















































      skip to main content
    











search








shuttles
member resourcesmembers


























main navigation


about us & the lma



about us


members


leadership


careers


about the lma


lma map


publications


news




moving around the lma



longwood tma



commutefit


emergency ride home


commuteswap


carpool


zipcar discount


biking resources


personalized commuting assistance




commuting and travel advisories


mbta in the lma


parking options




services in the lma



call center


child care


construction updates


construction activity reporting


emergency preparedness and security


transportation 




enhancing the lma



outside


environment & open space



sustainability


sustainability - tech talk


longwood recycles




smart city initiative












 














 


the stewards of longwood










advisories





shuttlestraffic








presidents day 





shuttle id requirement reminder





see all








there are currently no advisories.

















the longwood medical and academic area
the lma is a workforce powerhouse for the city and state.

 




73,000 workers

 




24,000 students

 




3.8 million patient visits annually

 




$672 million in state tax revenues annually












happenings


winter 2024 longwood winter wednesdaysoutside// is kicking off the 2025 winter season! throughout the month of february, join us for our newest program: winter wednesdays. featuring twinkling light displays, free coffee, live music, and ornate ice sculptures, including live sculpting demos, we're so excited to brighten up winter in longwood. click here to learn more.     winter 2024 winter bike longwoodfor the first time ever, the longwood collective tma is offering bike longwood – winter edition! sign up for a free, 15-minute bike tune up sessions provided by landry's bicycles. we’ll keep your bike in top shape all season long for a winter commute on 2 wheels! click here to sign up.     winter 2024 lmaccc discountthe longwood medical and academic area child care center is now enrolling for full-time and part-time care for children ages two months to five years. with programs designed to promote each child's self-confidence and self-esteem, the lmaccc provides a caring, supportive, and safe environment. the lmaccc is offering a special promotion for families who enroll now - providing 10% off their child's first 3 months of care. visit www.lmaccc.org to learn more.    winter 2024 commuter surveythe longwood collective tma is seeking input on the experience of longwood commuters and how we can work to better serve your needs. now until february 14th, we are accepting submissions. in exchange, participants will be entered to win a $100 amazon gift card. click here to take the survey.      winter 2024 longwood collective monthly newsletter: longwood happeningsour monthly longwood happenings newsletter is the perfect way to get important, streamlined information about the lma sent straight to your inbox. from travel advisories to upcoming outside// events and everything in between, our newsletter has you covered! we'll keep you up-to-date on all you need to know about the longwood medical and academic area.click here for our january edition which covers upcoming winter food trucks, highlights recent blackfan site updates, and more.  subscribe to the longwood happenings newsletter. subscribe  











 

 







footer


about us & the lma


moving around the lma


services in the lma


enhancing the lma









contact us














longwood collective   /   375 longwood avenue, boston, ma 02215   /   phone: 617-632-2310   /   fax: 617-632-2759cookie policy    © 2025 longwood collective, inc.





 




















































