   bath resurfacing from mendabath uk         skip to content

 
0800 328 4324


 
info@mendabath.co.uk



instagram
 



facebook
 



linkedin
 


 aboutbefore & aftervideosservicesbath resurfacingbath & basin chip repairbasin resurfacingshower tray resurfacingcorporate servicescorporatecorporate servicesnhs servicescase studiesaccreditationsour policiesareasberkshiredorseteast angliaeast midlandsessexgloucestershirehampshirekentlondonoxfordshiresurreysussexwest midlandswiltshirefaqblogcontact
 menuaboutbefore & aftervideosservicesbath resurfacingbath & basin chip repairbasin resurfacingshower tray resurfacingcorporate servicescorporatecorporate servicesnhs servicescase studiesaccreditationsour policiesareasberkshiredorseteast angliaeast midlandsessexgloucestershirehampshirekentlondonoxfordshiresurreysussexwest midlandswiltshirefaqblogcontactaboutaboutbefore & aftervideosservicesservicesbasin resurfacingbath resurfacingbath & basin chip repairshower tray resurfacingcorporate servicescorporatecorporatecorporate servicesnhs servicescase studiesaccreditationsour policiesareasareasberkshiredorseteast angliaeast midlandsessexgloucestershirehampshirekentlondonoxfordshiresurreysussexwest midlandswiltshirefaqblogcontact
 menuaboutaboutbefore & aftervideosservicesservicesbasin resurfacingbath resurfacingbath & basin chip repairshower tray resurfacingcorporate servicescorporatecorporatecorporate servicesnhs servicescase studiesaccreditationsour policiesareasareasberkshiredorseteast angliaeast midlandsessexgloucestershirehampshirekentlondonoxfordshiresurreysussexwest midlandswiltshirefaqblogcontactover 40 years of experience rated 5 from over 70 reviewsfully insured, unrivalled repairover 40 years of experience5* from over 70 reviewsfully insured, unrivalled repair

 rated 5* on google & facebookbath resurfacing & chip repair expertsdomestic & corporate services available


corporate services




get a quote today



 
40 years experience

 
carbon neutral

 
guaranteed service

 
insured technicians


 

 

 

 

 

 "big enough to know what we're doing - small enough to care!"sustainable restoration servicesat mendabath uk, we pride ourselves on being the industry leaders in high-quality bath resurfacing and bathroom repair. our commitment to excellence is evident in our use of trusted products that have garnered acclaim worldwide. aligned with our unwavering dedication to expertise, we deliver an unparalleled service that stands out in the united kingdom.our teamour team of experienced professionals is the backbone of our success. comprising experts with a wealth of knowledge, skills, and a passion for their craft, they are dedicated to exceeding your expectations. whether your bathroom requires minor cosmetic repairs or a complete transformation to bring an old bathtub back to life, mendabath uk has the proficiency to restore any suite with precision and care.
before
after
resurfacing & repairour comprehensive range of services includes resurfacing and repair solutions for baths, sinks, and showers. this extends to catering to the diverse needs of private residences, hotels, and commercial properties across the uk. we understand the importance of maintaining the aesthetic appeal and functionality of these spaces, and our services are tailored to provide the highest quality results for both cosmetic enhancements and essential repairs.customer satisfactionat mendabath uk, we prioritize customer satisfaction, and our commitment to excellence is reflected in every project we undertake. by choosing our services, you not only benefit from our top-notch craftsmanship but also from the assurance that comes with using industry-leading products. transform your bathroom with mendabath uk – where expertise meets unparalleled service.


our services

 bath resurfacingmendabath uk uses our own purposefully developed bath resurfacing materials, which contain no carcinogens or environmentally damaging chemicals.


bath resurfacing



 shower tray resurfacingmendabath uk can resurface and repair your existing shower tray.  no need for disruptive building work, just a shiny durable shower tray with a 5 year guarantee


shower tray resurfacing



 basin resurfacingmendabath uk can restore your sink to its former glory. we can repair cracks, chips, resurface, or even change the colour of your existing sink.


basin resurfacing



 bath and basin chip repairmendabath uk uses our own purposefully developed bath resurfacing materials, which contain no carcinogens or environmentally damaging chemicals.


chip repair






 

 

 get your free quote nowplease complete the form to send a message and we will get back to you within 24 hours. 
our google testimonials
sam blakeread more
our bath was a real mess before we found mendabath. now it’s as good as new. andy did a great job and explained the process and aftercare very clearly. thanks a lot!!
su yantread more
really polite staff who are equally knowledgeable. pictures of the work done by brendon helm.
emma smithread more
rich was really prompt at getting back to me when i first enquired about having my bath resurfaced. he did the job quickly, efficiently, tidied everything up afterwards and was also reasonably priced. my bath looks great! would definitely recommend.
maria southernread more
stephen did a fantastic job on our resin and stone shower tray. the damage was worse than it looked, but he has made a thorough repair and colour matched the finish perfectly. very happy with the result. thank you stephen.
tracey vesseyread more
andy my technician was punctual friendly and very professional. he explained everything that he was doing and left the bathroom tidy and clean. i would highly recommend andy and mendabath. thank you
sarah fitzgeraldread more
we were delighted with the service provided by mendabath.
emails were handled super quick by lynne. brendon the technician did an excellent job of resurfacing our shower and it looks as good as new!
 previous
 nextbaths saved from landfill since 1982
~
0
tons of carbon offset

0
years serving the uk

0
lets talk businessplease get in touch today for a free no-obligation quote0800 328 4324​info@mendabath.co.uk 

 mendabath uk limitedcompany no: 01718642vat no: 117113064quick links

 
home


 
about


 
services


 
blog


 
areas


 
contact


 
before & after
services & process

 
bath resurfacing


 
sink resurfacing


 
shower tray resurfacing


 
bath & basin chip repair


 
our guarantee


 
our process


 
videos
get in touch

 
0800 328 4324


 
info@mendabath.co.uk
 mendabath uk ltd is an independent business operating under licence to mend a bath international pty ltd.


instagram
 



facebook
 



linkedin
 
we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement							

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept

            




