







home - kirsh foundry







































 














skip to content



call now: (920) 887-0395menuhomecapabilitiessingle sourceconsistencycomplete toolingfoundry specificationseducationabout uscontact uscontactjobs
 
 





excellence delivered! 
							• consistently providing quality castings to demanding top u.s. manufacturers 
							• responsive to every customer’s needs 
							• family owned and managed – you can still speak to a kirsh 
							contact us today 
 






  





sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.few things are stronger than our castings and our reputationfor nearly a century, kirsh has consistently delivered excellence to its customers. so when you need a partner who has control of the entire process, from tooling through delivery, you know you can count on kirsh.
single sourceyour single source for all your casting requirements.single sourcefull design-to-delivery capabilities means we can consolidate all your casting needs into one foundry.
learn moreresponsivenessquotes in 5 days. we always return your call.responsiveness
powered by real-time data collection, we can quickly answer all your questions.
get in touch
consistencydelivering excellence for our clients, every day.consistency
real-time production monitoring provides repeatability.
learn more
family ownedour name. our reputation.family owned
the third-generation of kirsh to lead and manage the company.
learn more
complete toolingfrom design to production - we do it all.complete toolingbecause everything is in house, every step is controlled.
learn morecareer opportunitieswe provide opportunities to build careers.career opportunities
be part of an amazing team.
learn more
excellence deliveredproduction capabilities
a complete design/build tooling department, combined with a wide variety of production capabilities, means we can handle all your casting requirements from one to sixty pounds.
full process control
by building or adapting your tooling, we ensure compatibility with our production processes. real time data collection ensures control every step of the way.
consistency in every step
linking real-time data collection to operations means complete tracking and traceability to ensure quality castings with every shipment.
a major company came to kirsh with a supply valve that wasn’t able to be produced to expectations in their foundry roster. kirsh engineers worked with the customer to develop a more user-friendly design and improved production quality. kirsh now provides between 30,000 and 60,000 of these parts every year as a key supplier for that company.
roger budde
senior vice president of operations and quality
top manufacturers trust kirshwhen consistency matters, demanding companies trust kirsh.
news





 




meet perry brummer  perry brummer recently joined kirsh foundry as our account manager. perry brings a wealth of casting and tooling design knowledge to this role, having owned and run a tooling company. his consultative skills benefit all customers. he looks for solutions and ways to help each customer, regardless of the project’s complexity or size. perry’s ability to partner with a customer on casting and tooling design




 
 
call us todaywe are here for all of your casting needs!get a quote now: (920) 887-0395






125 rowell street
beaver dam, wi 53916

(920) 887-0395

(920) 885-3691
sales@kirshfoundry.comnavigationhomecapabilitiesfoundry specificationseducationabout uscontact usjobsaccreditation
© copyright 2025 kirsh foundry all rights reserved. |  designed by 5 point solutions


 
 
page load link





this website uses cookies and third party services.							settings 


			ok		





tracking cookies
					
											this site uses tracking cookies.					
																	



										tracking cookies								




third party embeds
					
											this site uses embeds from third parties, including but not limited to youtube and vimeo. these third party services may also use cookies.					
											
						



													youtube										




													vimeo										




													facebook										




													x										




													google maps										



























go to top




