






 



dog friendly somerset holiday rentals | home farm cottages






































































skip to content



01934 84 33 33home farm, barton, winscombe, somerset bs25 1dxenquiries@homefarmcottages.co.uk
facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


home farm cottages
self catering accommodation somerset

cottagesbakehouse – sleeps 2 fry’s barn – sleeps 4 granary – sleeps 6 hayloft – sleeps 4 scrumpy – sleeps 2  check availability & book things to dopubs & restaurants we know walking trails to enjoy kids favourite things. historic & national trust locations of interest towns & villages to discover rainy day ideas gardens to take a stroll in tea shops to relax with a cuppa & cake cycling routes in our area beaches for miles in north somerset shopping & retail therapy options golf courses nearby in north somerset fishing lakes and rivers  dog heaven blog contact 



 
cottagesbakehouse – sleeps 2 fry’s barn – sleeps 4 granary – sleeps 6 hayloft – sleeps 4 scrumpy – sleeps 2  check availability & book things to dopubs & restaurants we know walking trails to enjoy kids favourite things. historic & national trust locations of interest towns & villages to discover rainy day ideas gardens to take a stroll in tea shops to relax with a cuppa & cake cycling routes in our area beaches for miles in north somerset shopping & retail therapy options golf courses nearby in north somerset fishing lakes and rivers  dog heaven blog contact 









“the cottage is perfect with so many well thought out touches” 
							
 


“home farm & its surroundings surpassed our expectations. idyllic" 
							 


so much to do in the area....   or just chill. 
							 


fast wifi, amazon alexa and netflix 
							
 


just bring your boots... 
							 


“the best accommodation i have stayed in over 45 years of travel” 
							
 


“everything  exactly like the pictures - we will be back” 
							
 


  "enjoyed west somerset railway, cheddar gorge, glastonbury & wells” check out our 'dog heaven' page. 
							
 


cheddar gorge - drive it, walk it,  go into it (caves) - & buy cheese. 
							 


"perfect setup for us all - everywhere is immaculate" 
							 


“cottage and area fantastic. recommend bath, wells and clevedon.”visit our 'things to do' pages 
							

 

book now 
							













home farm holiday cottages near cheddar, wells & bath (dogs welcome)

click here for verified reviews

full refund guarantee when government covid-19 travel restrictions prevent the use of the booking.




 
home farm is made up of 5 holiday cottages (dogs welcome in 4) – set in an area of outstanding natural beauty in somerset, near cheddar, and are ideally situated to explore the historic towns of wells, weston-super-mare, bristol, glastonbury and bath. with a backdrop of the mendip hills, and in close proximity to crook peak, these recently refurbished cottages are set within 2 acres of private fields with beautiful views overlooking the loxton valley.
the cottages are rated 4* gold by visitengland who inspect annually.
ev point, netflix. alexa. freeview. fast wifi.    we look forward to welcoming you!












5 holiday cottages rated 4* gold by visit england




the cottages at home farm are fully equipped for easy and comfortable self catering holiday accommodation. all are fitted with a well equipped kitchen that includes a ceramic hob, oven, dishwasher, microwave, fridge, toaster, kettle, iron and ironing board. linen and towels provided.  highchair, cot, stairgate upon request.
fresh flowers from the garden (seasonal).
home made cake upon arrival (always).
free fast wifi, free ‘alexa’, free netflix, freeview and a type 2 ev point chargeable on an honesty basis.
there are wood burning stoves in hayloft, granary, bakehouse and frys barn. logs, tinder & matches provided.
barbeque/picnic area  barbeque and charcoal upon request.
dogs.   1 or 2 well behaved dogs (friendly to other dogs and humans please) – no muzzled dogs. sorry, no other pets.   hoses and towels available!   dogs are welcome in all of our cottages – all with their own enclosed gardens, plus 2 acres of well fenced owner fields for exercise.
couch covers, bowl/, mat, dog towel, hoses and treats provided.
we offer ‘short breaks‘ to start on friday or saturdays (only).


view our cottages









make a booking – come and stay at home farm!




 
home farm holiday cottages are ideally located to enable you to explore all that the region has to offer. our cottages are located in somerset at the foot of the mendip hills in a designated “area of outstanding natural beauty” and we are ideally situated to explore the historic towns of wells, weston-super-mare, bristol, glastonbury and bath.


















granary cottage
3 bedrooms / sleeps 6 / dogs welcome
£467 – £1292 per week


check availability








hayloft cottage
2 bedrooms / sleeps 4 / dogs welcome
£410 – £986 per week


check availability








bakehouse cottage
  1 bedroom / sleeps 2 / dogs welcome
£305 – £693 per week


check availability








scrumpy cottage
1 bedroom / sleeps 2 / dogs welcome
£340 – £796 per week


check availability








fry’s barn
2 bedrooms / sleeps 4 / dogs welcome
£421 – £1073 per week


check availability 










best things to do near home farm cottages




ideally located to enable you to explore all that the region has to offer. do explore our ‘things to do in somerset’ section for many ideas to visit in the area.  please click on the links below: –
‘walks near home farm in somerset’
‘beaches to explore in north somerset’
‘golf courses near home farm in somerset‘
‘historic houses and gardens in somerset’,
‘pubs & restaurants near to home farm holiday cottages in somerset’
‘so much within 5 miles of home farm cottages‘
‘ideas for rainy days in somerset‘
‘kids favourite things in somerset ‘
‘fishing locations in somerset‘).
there is also an interactive map (google maps style)
and much more on our blog – for example things to do with your dogs or try something different
popular destinations are cheddar gorge, roman bath, wells, beaches, longleat, glastonbury, and national trust properties including tyntesfield and montacute house (wolf hall tv programme location).
crook peak is a 30 minute walk away and boasts 360 degree views across to glastonbury, wales & the north devon coast and recently featured in a sunday times list of ‘top 10 walks in england’.


find out more









read reviews for home farm cottages


















about us the cottages are located in barton in a designated “area of outstanding natural beauty” and is ideally situated to explore the historic towns of wells, weston-super-mare, bristol, glastonbury, axbridge and bath.  cheddar gorge is 5 miles. the owners, charlotte & olly, live on site with their family and 3 lovely dogs. there is so much to do in the area and home farm (which is grade 2 listed) is a haven for dog owners with walks straight out of the front door.


cottageshayloft
granary
scrumpy
bakehouse
fry’s barn
contact us home farm cottages
barton road
barton
winscombe
somerset bs25 1dx
(what3words =  towns.recruiter.physical)
enquiries@homefarmcottages.co.uk
01934 843333


 








					© 2020 home farm cottages. all bookings at home farm are subject to agreement to our terms & conditions, and our privacy and cookie policy.
                








go to top




















































