































oregon state university






















  skip to main content
















search



menu













in-line block


about


academics


arts


research


extension and engagement

















in-line block


future students


current students


online students


alumni and donors


athletics


























beaver hub

canvas

office 365
















academic calendar
catalog
osu libraries
make a gift


outlook
myoregonstate
box
zoom
































 

 





oregon state university


















 



out of our lab and into your world — oregon state is sending robots to pick apples, do bridge inspections and perform other tasks.
















your path starts here
oregon state university was founded more than 150 years ago as a land grant institution, building on the idea that everybody deserves an extraordinary education that’s attainable and accessible. here you can determine your purpose, shape your identity and values and become who you want to be.














apply now
request info
visit

















#1





college town on the west coast





best colleges














top 10





for 11 years in a row in online education





u.s. news & world report














#1





most innovative university in oregon





u.s. news & world report


















our locations

















corvallis
osu-cascades
online
statewide
hatfield marine science center
osu portland center





 


oregon state’s beautiful, historic and state-of-the-art campus is located in one of america’s best college towns. nestled in the heart of the willamette valley, corvallis offers miles of mountain biking and hiking trails, a river perfect for boating or kayaking and an eclectic downtown featuring local cuisine, popular events and performances.
corvallis virtual tour






 


oregon state’s bend campus, located in the stunning high desert of central oregon, offers more than 20 majors, small classes and a vast natural laboratory. nearby, endless outdoor recreation options await — including skiing, snowshoeing, rock climbing, paddle boarding and more.
osu-cascades virtual tour






 


oregon state ecampus blends 21st century innovation with 150+ years of institutional excellence to give people everywhere access to a life-changing education online. everything we do is designed to help oregon state students:

make an impact in their communities and beyond
feel supported from start to finish in their journey
build connections with osu’s world-class faculty
enter the workforce with the skills they need to succeed







 


with operations in all 36 counties and the confederated tribes of warm springs, oregon state university is a trusted partner serving oregonians statewide. the osu extension service delivers research-based knowledge and education that strengthen communities and economies, sustain natural resources and promote healthy people and families. the 11 agricultural experiment stations at 14 locations address critical issues across landscapes, oceans and food systems. the forest research laboratory manages 10 research forests and develops innovative approaches for managing forest resources and ecosystems.






 


at oregon state’s coastal research center in newport, you can dip your toes in the pacific ocean — and pursue hands-on, experiential learning through classes, research and internships aimed at developing solutions to pressing environmental issues.






 


the osu portland center is a premier event, meeting and conference venue for showcasing oregon state programs, initiatives, research and exhibitions. osu also offers a hybrid mba and pharmacy programs, professional development courses and a variety of extension programs in portland.




















oregon's best public research university
oregon state is the most innovative university in the state of oregon, advancing research in critical areas like climate science, robotics, clean energy, and biotechnology. join us in making big discoveries that drive big solutions.













our research
 
















 




















discover the people and stories of oregon state


















 




video file






one big breakthrough leads to another. and then another.

 




video file






duane cardwell drew a future of his own — built on creativity.

 




video file






celebrating osu's distinguished professors

 




video file







 earning two osu degrees online has changed his life, his business and his community. 



read more stories






























 



















osu's instagram osu's tiktok osu's twitter osu's facebook osu's youtube spotify


















1500 sw jefferson way
corvallis, or 97331
541-737-1000
















accessibility information
campus map
campus safety
contact osu
directory















faculty and staff resources
jobs
news
osu beaver store
reporting and advocacy resources


















copyright
			©
			2025
			oregon state university
			
privacy information and disclaimer

non-discrimination statement




apply
    now
request info
visit










