






lister hill national center for biomedical communications 


















































projects


publications


downloads



personnel


about



about lhncbc


meet the director


lhncbc branches


visit lhncbc







search small

search











lister hill national center for biomedical communications


"we must develop a communications system so that the miraculous triumphs of modern science can be taken from the laboratory and transmitted to all in need"

              senator lister hill, 1965
            






 










projects






health information standards and discovery

health information standards and discover focuses on the development of methods to gain insights from large health databases while learning the strengths and weaknesses of datasets and improving them, when possible. this area assesses whether specific standards are fit for purpose (e.g., quality assurance and interoperability assessments of biomedical terminologies) and investigates standards in action (e.g., in support of tasks such as natural language processing, annotation, data integration, and mapping across terminologies).



selected projects







center for clinical observational investigations (ccoi)








medical terminology standards




see all health information standards and discovery projects...













natural language processing

lister hill national center for biomedical communication's (lhncbc) natural language processing (nlp), or text mining, focuses on the development and evaluation of computer algorithms for automated text analysis. this area works primarily with text from the biomedical literature or electronic medical records and examines a wide variety of nlp tasks, including information extraction, literature searches, question answering, and text summarization.



selected projects







de-identification tools








lexical systems group




see all natural language processing projects...













image processing

image processing focuses on data science in biomedical image and signal processing, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to support automated clinical decision-making in disease screening and diagnostics. this area includes image and text analysis for clinical research, exploration of visual content relevant to disease in images and video, and visual information retrieval for embedding automated decision-support systems in diagnostic and treatment pathways.



selected projects







malaria project








chest x-ray analysis




see all image processing projects...










 about nlm's lister hill national center for biomedical communications



nlm's lister hill center



established by the united states congress in 1968, the lister hill national center for biomedical communications (lhncbc) furthers biomedicine through data science research and application development. lhncbc’s work is used across the world in biomedical research and by health professionals.






meet the director





lhncbc branches





visit lhncbc





all about lhncbc...





featured downloads


rxnav


chest x-ray screening system


malaria datasets


i-magic snomed-ct to icd-10-cm







lhncbc project spotlight





ccoi

center for clinical observational investigations







rxnav

rxnorm browser and apis







medical ontology

medical terminology standards







malaria project

automated system for malaria detection







lhc forms

create forms for use in electronic health records







more

see all of our intramural projects











connect with nlm









 national library of medicine 
 8600 rockville pike 
          bethesda, md 20894 


 web policies 
 foia hhs vulnerability disclosure


 nlm support center  
 accessibility 
 careers 




 nlm | nih | hhs | usa.gov












