






home - david grayson






















































this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
for more information on cookies and how you can disable them please view my privacy policy.
accept cookies




menu



back to top



close


writer
speaker
advisor
educator
experienced board chair
campaigner
human



media hub
contact
search






linkedin twitter 



writer
speaker
advisor
educator
experienced board chair
campaigner
human
contact














media hub
contact
 search


search
search

close



working to inspire the best in business, people and society.
board member, author, adviser, speaker. advocate for carers, disability rights & inclusion, responsible business, sustainability, cross-sector collaboration. active citizen. emeritus professor of corporate responsibility. chair of institute of business ethics. co-host of all in: the sustainable business podcast. reuters responsible business honoree 2021 lifetime achievement award. companion of the chartered management institute (cmi).





linkedin twitter 







 

the sustainable business handbook (2022)
a very practical tool to help business people to embed sustainability. large businesses can use it with their supply chains to help build supplier capacity. owner-managers facing increasing pressure from employees, consumers and big business customers to demonstrate their sustainability credentials can use the handbook to improve their performance. entrepreneurs with the aspiration and potential to grow, facing increasing scrutiny from would-be investors and other stakeholders, to embed sustainability in order to enhance value-creation, can use the handbook to get started.
order





 

all in: the future of
business leadership
to have a fighting chance of enduring success, businesses can no longer be half-hearted or tentative about sustainability. all in provides corporate leaders with the inspiration and guidance they need to fully embrace the opportunities and challenges of sustainability leadership. this book presents a roadmap for tens of thousands of businesses globally who have yet to embed sustainability in their corporate strategies. all in outlines an approach to leadership critical to future business success and ensuring a better world for all. for more information visit: www.allinbook.net
buy now





 

take care: how to be a great employer for working carers
there could be as many as 300 million caregivers in the global workforce providing care for loved ones. take care is a practical guide that enables employers to better understand and support employees with caring responsibilities. it presents this as part of good management practice that strengthens organizational resilience and sustainability, and also argues that this is now an integral element of being a responsible employer and organisation.
buy now







writer




as a writer, my goals are to share information, develop and disseminate new ideas and approaches and to encourage positive action by individuals and organisations.
i try to write as accessibly as possible as i really dislike reading impenetrable text that requires a dictionary to decipher. i write books, newspaper and magazine articles, blogs, journal articles, conference papers and other publications.  some of my past articles can be found  guardian sustainable business, and cranfield school of management
so far, i have written ten books and contributed chapters to a further 20. my books include:

everybody’s business: managing risks and opportunities in today’s global society – with adrian hodges (dorling kindersley/financial times 2001)
corporate social opportunity – with adrian hodges (greenleaf 2004)
cranfield on corporate sustainability (greenleaf 20212)
corporate responsibility coalitions: the past, present and future of alliances for sustainable capitalism – with jane nelson (stanford university press/greenleaf 2013)
social intrapreneurism and all that jazz – with melody mclaren and heiko spitzeck (greenleaf 2014)
take care: how to be a great employer for working carers (emerald press 2017)
all in: the future of business leadership – with chris coulter and mark lee (routledge 2018).
“leaving no one behind: israeli business and inclusive growth” co-authored with tami leffler, momo mahadav and elisha silberklang (maala 2019.)
the sustainable business handbook with chris coulter and mark lee (kogan page 2022)
this much we know: history of business in the community 1982-2022 – with melody mclaren for business in the community 2022.

excited to report that an arabic edition of the sustainable business handbook is being published by jarir books at the end of june 2024. we are starting work on a spanish edition.
i have a new book project with prof kirk hanson in california. he and i have both been active participants in the responsible business movement for most of the last half century. now we are trying to chronicle the evolution of this movement for an audience coming new to the topic.
you can see more of my cranfield writing by visiting my profile on the cranfield website.
 




latest writing:8 december 2024encouraging workplace civility during turbulent times25 july 2024summer holiday reading 202411 june 2024geostrategic threats to sustainability – global focus june 2024see all 





speaker




in my second year at secondary school, i was encouraged to debate. i loved it. i have been giving impromptu speeches, formal presentations and lectures ever since. i have given hundreds of presentations to business leaders on six continents: from argentina to brazil; from mexico to canada; from dublin to st petersburg; from beirut to cape town; from india to china; from australia to new zealand. 
my more memorable speaking experiences over the years have included:

being interrupted mid-speech in mexico city for an emergency earthquake drill
being prevented from speaking at all in fiji because of a military coup
getting off an overnight flight to harare to speak at a small workshop for entrepreneurs, discovering plans had changed and instead speaking to over 3,000 entrepreneurs with the then vice-president of zimbabwe in the chair
speaking to several thousand business school students and business people in a whistle-stop, five-day, five-city lecture tour of india organised by the british council on corporate responsibility
speaking to business leaders from myanmar and other parts of asia in a bomb-proof room in naypyidaw about business purpose (the room had been built for the visit of president obama a few months earlier)
speaking to enthusiastic young social entrepreneurs and activists over several years of the emerge conference.

after 18 months of only giving the occasional speech via zoom, it has been wonderful to get back  to doing some in-person, live events again including the adass leading in care summit.
in october 2022, i was back in edinburgh to speak on caring at a conference organised by the advanced centre for research in care. in november, i spoke at the chartered association of business schools conference in london and in december, i was the guest speaker for the tenth anniversary of noima in barcelona.
 




latest speaking:9 may 2022speech for project north east and north east initiative on business ethics at ouseburn farm2 march 2022building a sustainability movement8 october 2020my final speech as chair of carers uk at 2020 virtual members’ conferencesee all 
recent speeches include:
taiwan family caregivers association, taipei, nov 21st 2024
the ethics centre, sydney, march 14th 2024
opening 2024 symposium of the acrc, edinburgh university, april 15th 2024
brunei, sustainability forum, brunei, oct 3rd 2023
indian institute of directors, london, oct 18 2023
risk conference, excel centre, london, oct 19th 2023
anthropy, eden project, cornwall nov 1-3 2023
pre-covid19 speeches included:
doha, qatar csr awards ceremony,
doing good, doing well responsible business conference, iese business school, barcelona,
responsible business leadership council, warsaw,
sustainable brands, istanbul,
university of muscat, oman,
csr europe sdg summit, brussels,
european green business week, crete,
telegraph digital & caring conference, london,
nomia, roca gallery barcelona,
efmd annual conference, lisbon,
ethical corporation responsible business summit, london
levitt group, five minds marketing conference, london,
reba well-being congress, london,
business fights poverty, oxford,
forward institute, sandhurst,
advantage austria, london
carers uk annual conference, canary wharf,
vinci facilities’ key customers’ workshop,
austrian embassy, institute of directors london,
norwegian caregivers association., oslo,
rotterdam business school,
maala, israel business for social responsibility, tel aviv
brg staff conference, sydney,
if you would like to inquire about booking david for a speaking engagement please get in touch.






advisor




over forty years and counting, i have had the privilege of working with and learning from an amazingly diverse range of individuals and organisations around the world. these have included grassroots community economic development organisations as well as national charities, international voluntary organisations, entrepreneurial start-ups, and some of the world’s largest multinationals. i have done assignments for the eu commission, the oecd and the world bank.
advisory assignments have included helping businesses develop new sustainability strategies and/or reconsider their purpose; evaluate programmes, undertake feasibility studies, collect and present stakeholder views.
my criteria for new advisory work are:

interesting assignment where i will also learn and grow;
working with fun, positive, stimulating people;
having a positive impact.

some of my recent assignments have included working with the corporate research forum on human resources and the responsible business agenda
and with the austrian embassy in london to organise a “learning journey” to london to explore how businesses can embed sustainability.
i am currently chairing a short-life taskforce looking at the feasibility of creating a teach first equivalent for social care workers.
i was also delighted to be part of the chartered management institute’s president’s advisory council investigating what should be a joined-up, forward-looking approach to diversity, equity and inclusion. the final report: the everyone economy was published in june 2022. i am now part of an ongoing cmi everyone economy taskforce chaired by sir trevor phillips.




corporate responsibility advisory:

camelot 2007-19
external judge for “mark in action” awards: unipart group of companies
tsb responsible business panel

adviser on corporate responsibility and sustainability:

irwin grayson associates
rotterdam business school

visiting faculty:

emeritus professor, woxsen university, hyderabad, india
the forward institute
un global compact training programme for corporate boards
fellow at the radix centre for business, politics & society

circle of advisers:

business fights poverty

speakers’ panel:

global leaders academy

care and caring:

advanced care research centre, edinburgh university
advisory panel for ai nexus: a business start-up
chair, short-life taskforce investigating feasibility of teach first equivalent for frontline care managers: social care leadership scheme







educator




i was a very late developer for the world of management education. i joined the faculty of cranfield school of management at the age of 52. i had been giving the occasional guest lecture at insead, stanford and other academic institutions for fifteen years and, for at least a decade, i had been thinking about how business and business schools could work better together to prepare responsible business leaders for the future.
in 1996, i had facilitated for bp a workshop about getting corporate responsibility into the business school curriculum. in 2002, i had helped to convene a meeting at highgrove for the prince of wales to meet business school deans and company heads of talent and learning to talk about the same topic. i was also a visiting senior fellow at the cr initiative in the kennedy school of government, harvard from 2006-10.
still, it was a daunting prospect when the headhunters first called about the cranfield post. i was very shocked and pleasantly surprised when at the end of the interview process, i was offered the job. i was a professor of corporate responsibility for a decade. i set out my stall in my inaugural lecture, sense and sustainability, in 2007; i will leave you to judge what progress we have made by comparing the inaugural lecture and the 2017 decade of the doughty centre report to stakeholders.
along the way, i have made a few suggestions for improving business-business school collaboration around responsibility and sustainability for financial times and ethical corporation.
rotterdam business school invited me to reflect on the techniques we used at cranfield over the decade to embed corporate responsibility and sustainability and with the benefit of that wonderful gift called hindsight, what i would do differently if i had my time again.
i am actually doing more teaching now than i was, when on faculty. in addition to my cranfield role – and a new position at woxsen university in india, i am also trying to reach a global audience as co-host of the all in sustainable business podcast:
https://podcasts.apple.com/gb/podcast/all-in-the-sustainable-business-podcast/id1567742816




current position:
emeritus professor of corporate responsibility at cranfield school of management.
emeritus professor at woxsen university, hyderabad, india






experienced board chair




when i started secondary school, i could barely walk let alone run (after a long and nasty bone disease). undaunted, my teachers decided that if i couldn’t join in the compulsory cross-running, i would chair the newly created cross-country organising committee. it was never made clear how the cross-country leagues had been organised hitherto! so, very early on, i learnt the art of chairing. i have been chairing committees and boards ever since.
these have included chairing a government taskforce to set up a network of “one stop shops” to help small businesses: the business links (1993-1996) and then to chair the accreditation board for the business links under the major and blair governments. i also chaired the national disability council (created by the british parliament to fight discrimination against disabled britons) from 1995-2000. i was also chairman of the uk small business consortium from 2000 to 2010, to promote responsible business practices amongst smaller firms. i chaired housing 21 – one of the main providers of social housing and extra-care housing for older people (2006-11); carers uk (2013-2020) and leonard cheshire disability (2021-23). i have been chairing the institute of business ethics since 2019.
as someone with a dangerous habit for having ideas, i constantly remind myself that i am the non-executive chair – so my job is to lead the board and not the organisation. i have learnt from both sides of the chair/ceo fence, the importance in the chemistry and relationship between the ceo and the chairman. i am a great fan of the book leading the board by my good friend and colleague andrew kakabadse; of the excellent book “boards” by cranfield visiting professor patrick dunne; and also of the very practical booklet a question of balance about the ceo-chair relationship published by the association of chairs of charities and voluntary organisations.
 




current positions:
chair of the institute of business ethics www.ibe.org.uk 






campaigner




i ran my first community campaign at the age of fifteen, when we won a battle with central government over some local authority boundaries, and i have been campaigning ever since.
over the years, the causes have included europe, human rights and democracy, youth enterprise and skills development, public-private-community partnerships, better help for entrepreneurs, rights for people with disabilities, responsible business, sustainability, the good later life and creating a society that respects, values and supports carers, and encouraging employers to help their working carers.
i am thrilled to be one of the original anthropists and to be supporting the anthropy 2025 event in the eden project in cornwall  march 26-28 2025:  anthropy.
anthropy – inspiring a better britain

 




ambassador, age irrelevance campaign
adviser, green jobs foundation






human




i was born and grew up near sheffield, in the north of england. after a youthful dalliance with national and international politics, and a brief spell working for an international, fmcg (fast-moving consumer goods company), i quickly became a social entrepreneur, starting or running several public-private-community partnerships. these have been focused on small business development, youth enterprise, disability rights and more recently, the role of business in society.
in 2007, i was appointed to run the new doughty centre for corporate responsibility at the cranfield school of management in the uk, which i did until the end of 2017. i now divide my time between london and catalonia, spain.
as a result of a serious bone disease when i was 11 years old, my left leg is considerably shorter than my right. i need some adaptations. having a disability is one dimension of my life – but is one of many dimensions. it does not define who i am!
outside of my work and volunteering, i enjoy travel and theatre. i am a voracious reader both of non-fiction and fiction. and i enjoy the company of family and friends around the world.
about the design and development of this website
this site was designed by a small, sustainability-focused consultancy wolf&player. it was a great pleasure to work with chris wolf and lucy player. they explain their approach to the design of the website in their portfolio.




my passions:
i remain deeply interested in uk, eu and international affairs. i am a british-european. i enjoy travel, theatre, keeping in regular touch with family and friends; and am trying to get fitter again and regain some lost mobility.  learning spanish is part of my forward goals.








contact


e: david@davidgrayson.net


follow:






newsletter
sign up to my newsletter to keep up to date
see how i use your personal data by reading my privacy policy.
sign up







© 2024 david grayson. all rights reserved. | this website is  made for the world.
back to top














