









welcome to grassroots promotions









home
about us
services
experiences
partners
contact



home
about
services
experiences
partners
contact





grassroots promotions
the power behind your experience


about us



company profile
grassroots promotions, llc (gp) is a full-service marketing strategy firm that specializes in the creation, planning, and implementation of targeted promotions. the company is designed to be the link between marketing managers of major corporations and grassroots-level marketing opportunities in the urban community.
our mission
grassroots promotions, llc (gp) provides expert advice that improves the business process and promotion plans of each client. as a result, clients will reward us with continued loyalty and profit growth, allowing our people, our shareholders, and our communities to prosper
our team
our staff of professionals is composed of former corporate brand marketing managers, major market radio sales promotion managers, client service experts, event planning directors and radio marketing personnel. we are highly motivated, strategic, and here to help our clients develop winning promotions with bottom-line results.




 our services
strategy development
are your promotions effective? do they reach and inspire your core consumers? do they create trial of your product? do they maintain or increase the loyalty of your current consumers? grassroots promotions helps create winning promotions! whether national, regional, or local, gp will use a database of successful targeted initiatives to develop promotions that fit your specific business needs.
artist talent selection

grassroots promotions understands the artist/talent business and matches talent to your strategic business desires. whether one city or nationwide, gp will use its database to ensure your company, brand or idea is represented properly. is there a spokesperson for your company or brand? do you have someone representing your company or brand in the public eye? are they the best representation of your company or brand?
retail partner management

grassroots promotions helps develop retail strategies that ensure a better roi for each project. the retail programs include national in-store promotions, creation of merchandising materials, local in-store demonstrations, radio remotes, celebrity autograph signings, etc.
event implementation
are you spending time managing your promotional events? do you spend time worrying that your product samples may not arrive in the correct locations? who identifies the personnel to conduct demos? are you responsible for post-event recaps and payments to workers?grassroots promotions provides promotional execution with excellence! our implementation process includes one-stop shopping to ensure timely on-site decisions, product and warehouse maintenance, shipping coordination, labor force hiring and management, post-event recaps, contract development and negotiation, etc.


our partners


the following are some of our sponsors and key partnerships from our past and present experiences:


consumer product partnersbusiness partners












american heart association
burger king
elektra records
general motors
gm goodwrench
mcdonald's
pepsi
procter & gamble
reebok
rx for brown skin
playstation

media partners

taylor communications group
black entertainment television
carol h. williams advertising
clear channel communications
essence magazine
infinity broadcasting corporation
johnson publishing/ ebony magazine













diversity in promotions
hispanic marketing group

retail partners

cvs
dillards
family dollar
heb
jewel-osco
kroger
macy's
meijer
minyards/fiesta
pathmark
publix
sephora
target
winn dixie
walgreens
walmart




entertainers / celebrities










black college tour

a.j.
akon
big gipp & ali
big tigger
boo & gotti
bun b
chamillionaire
free
ja rule
lil keke
lloyd








total you tour

amerie
angie stone
ashanti
b-rich
brandy
brian mcknight
deya smith
donna richardson
dr. rovenia brock
erykah badu
faith evans











click here for more of our sponsors and key partnerships.

our experiences


through strategic development, consumer research and client collaboration, gp has created and implemented nationally recognized and award-winning experiences. in many instances, the experiences have become annual or bi-annual initiatives that consumers anticipate. many gp experiences are collaborations with previously run programs. some examples include:







2022spelhouse homecoming 2022 featuring 21 savage
2021spelhouse homecoming 2021 featuring toosii
2019spelhouse homecoming 2019 featuring young thugbet “we own homecoming” tour 
2018spelhouse homecoming 2018 featuring yg, playboi carti and young nudy
2017spelhouse homecoming 2017 featuring travis scottbet fall festival tour
2016spelhouse homecoming 2016 featuring young thugbet quad tour
2015auc homecoming 2013 featuring wale and fabolousaspire hoops-n-hip hop tour
2014spelhouse homecoming 2014 featuring future with rae sremmurdbet college tour
2013auc homecoming 2013 featuring rich homie quan and migosbet college tour
2012spelhouse homecoming featuring 2chainzbet college tour
2011spelhouse homecoming featuring future, kendrick lamar and ace hoodbet black college tour
2010spelhouse homecoming featuring rick ross with travis porter and yung labet black college tour



click here for more of our past experiences.





contact us



  office
2020 howell mill road, nwsuite d-313atlanta, ga 30318
emailinfo@grassrootspromotions.com
call us
(214) 810-5253
or you can submit the following form.someone will respond within 24 hours or the next business day.



your name
emailmessage







home
about
services
experiences
partners
contact


(214) 810-7007  |  info@grassrootspromotions.com
privacy policy  |  terms & conditions
the information and images provided herein are the exclusive property of grassroots promotions.© 2025 grassroots promotions, llc

