


slipstream press: poetry magazine and book publishing










 





 
 
    subscribe: usa $20
(2-yr. sub.) global $35 (2-yr. sub.) 
     
 


 





new releases










poetry contest










back issues










chapbooks








  selected links






  slipstream
pushcart nominations


  






submission guidelines

   









 

 










p.o. box 2071

  

niagara falls, new york

 14301  editors: robert borgatti   livio farallo     dan
sicoli



 

   





 




   
   
  
  








 
 





  enter the slipstream chapbook contest  deadline: dec. 1 every year




    


 


 


slipstream magazine is a yearly anthology of some of the best poetry  you'll find today in the american small press.

 


a single issue of slipstream costs $10 and generally consists of 80 pages of poetry and artwork.  subscriptions are $20 and include two issues of the magazine plus the two most recent chapbooks.



founded in 1980, slipstream features the work of both new and established writers. charles bukowski,
gerald locklin, wanda coleman, lyn lifshin, david chorlton, jim daniels, ron koertge, sean dougherty
and sherman alexie are among the many writers whose work has appeared in the pages of slipstream.
 






 

slipstream welcomes the submission of poetry, black & white photography and artwork throughout the
year. all rights revert to author/artist upon publication and payment is one copy of the issue in
which your work appears.



see our submission & contest guidelines — no e-mail
submissions, please.



call for submissions - theme issue: "strange days"
 slipstream is currently reading for issue #45 from now
until may 31, 2025. the issue will be published in fall 2025. we seek poetry that explores the theme "strange days." creative "outside the box" interpretations are highly encouraged. submit up to five (5) poems in one document file only. we also are seeking artwork for the issue. please do not submit again until you have received a response on the status of your current submission. please refer to our
submission guidelines to submit. 
  


 
2024 chapbook contest winner — mather schneider
 
slipstream is pleased to announce that mather schneider of tucson, az has been selected as the winner of our 2024 poetry chapbook contest for his collection of poems entitled "much more than time". he received a $1,000 prize plus 50 copies of the printed book. mather schneider was born in peoria, illinois in 1970. he lived in washington state for a time, before moving to tucson in 1997. 

schneider has worked many jobs and for several of those years, he drove a taxi. currently, he works as an exterminator. he has published hundreds of poems and stories, and is the author of several books, including his first novel, the bacanora notebooks, by anxiety press. he spends much of his time these days in mexico, where the poems in this chapbook were written.  
 
all entrants in the slipstream poetry chapbook contest receive a copy of the winning chapbook plus a copy of the latest edition of slipstream magazine. the deadline for entries is december 1 every year.


2023 chapbook contest winner — j. r. thelin
 
j. r. thelin was the winner of slipstream's 2023 poetry chapbook contest for his collection of poems entitled "those last few moments of light: poems of the dead boy."." j. r. thelin's previous collections of poems include last cha cha in albuquerque (2017, main street rag press) and breath into bone (2010, small's books), as well as two chapbooks:  the way out west (2005, concrete wolf) and dorrance, narrative, history (2004, pudding house publications). he has served as co-coordinating editor of the eleventh muse and as poetry reader for shenandoah. after working for many years in development, including stints at colorado college and washington and lee university, thelin retired as senior development researcher from the university of 
virginia at the end of 2020. he is married and lives, writes, and walks in buena vista va. 
 
2022 chapbook contest winner — robert okaji
 
robert okaji was selected as the winner of slipstream's 2022 poetry chapbook contest for his collection of poems entitled "buddah's not talking." okaji holds a ba in history, served without distinction in the u.s. navy, toiled as a university administrator, and no longer owns a bookstore. his honors include the 2021 riversedge poetry prize, the 2021 etchings press poetry chapbook prize, and the 1968 bar-k ranch goat-catching championship. he lives in indiana with his wife, stepson and cat, and his poetry has appeared or is forthcoming in several publications including: threepenny review, crannog, vox populi, mockingheart review, north dakota quarterly, tipton poetry journal, evergreen review, the night heron barks, indianapolis review, book of matches, and slippery elm. 

2021 chapbook contest winner — jeanne-marie osterman
 
jeanne-marie osterman won slipstream's 2021 poetry chapbook contest for her collection of poems entitled "all animals want the same things." she is the author of shellback (paloma press) and the chapbook there's a hum (finishing line press). her poems have appeared in 45th parallel magazine, borderlands, cathexis northwest, new ohio review, and what rough beast, and others. osterman was a finalist for the 2018 joy harjo poetry award and the 2017 levis prize in poetry. originally from everett, washington, she now lives in new york city where she is poetry editor for cagibi, a journal of prose and poetry. learn more about jeanne-marie osterman at www.ostermanpoetry.com. 

2020 chapbook contest winner — max stephan
 
max stephan, of orchard park, ny, was the winner of slipstream's 2020 poetry chapbook competition for his collection "poems about the american brother." 
max's poetry and prose have appeared in the north dakota quarterly, appalachia, the christian 
science monitor, the broad river review, main street rag, the cold mountain review, the potomac review, blueline, the cimarron review, 
the louisiana review, and slipstream, among others. recently, stephan was awarded a fellowship at the martha's vineyard institute of 
creative writing, noted as a finalist in the rash award in poetry competition (2018, 2019), the jessie bryce niles chapbook contest 
(2018, 2019), the homebound publications prize (2019), and invited to write the featured story for the winter/spring 2020 issue of 
appalachia honoring the work of the late mary oliver. stephan is a university professor, specializing in contemporary american poetry; 
runs the poetry series, "western new york poets"; and co-hosts "second stage writers"—a monthly reading series, which brings together 
both young and established voices. 
 
learn more about max stephan at: www.maxstephan.net



 
      annual poetry chapbook contest    the annual slipstream poetry contest offers a $1,000 prize plus 25 
professionally-printed copies of your book. deadline is dec. 1 every year. everyone who enters the
poetry contest receives a copy of the winning chapbook plus one complimentary issue of slipstream
magazine.  the winner of the contest is typically announced in late spring/early summer.
the book and author are featured prominently on the slipstream website for one year, as well as in
all slipstream catalogs, press releases, and promotional materials.  winning chapbooks
are submitted by slipstream for review by various national and international poetry/writing
publications and may also be featured in the grants and awards section of poets & writers magazine
 send up to 40 pages of poetry: any style, format, or theme.  for additional
details click here: slipstream poetry chapbook contest

see all previous chapbook contest winners (1988 - 2023)
  
address all orders, queries, and submissions to:

slipstream     p.o. box 2071     niagara falls, new york 14301













2019 chapbook contest winner — pam davenport
 pam davenport, of
flagstaff, az, was selected as the winner of slipstream's 2019 poetry chapbook competition for her
collection, a midwest girl thanks patti smith. the award
includes a $1,000 prize along with 50 copies of the book. 
davenport writes in the deserts and mountains of arizona and earned an mfa at pacific university in
oregon. she writes poems to look for what is shimmering beneath the ordinary, as lucy brock-broido
recommended. her poems have been nominated for a pushcart prize and published in nimrod, tinderbox,
poetry of the american southwest, chiron, new verse news, pittsburgh poetry review, and others.  about a midwest girl thanks patti smith, joseph miller writes: "these odes form the
record of an american life, from childhood to late middle age, helter-skelter in their enthusiasms,
exultant in their femaleness."   ellen bass writes: "the poems in pam davenport's debut
collection, a midwest girl thanks patti smith, are as earthy and spirited as the horses she
describes. whether it's a teenage girl longing to be "felt up," or the "flesh and pith and skin" of
an orange, davenport writes with honesty and wit about the nature of desire." 

2018 chapbook contest winner — robert l. penick
 robert l. penick, of louisville, ky, was selected as the winner of slipstream's 2018 poetry chapbook competition for his collection, exit, stage left. the award includes a $1,000 prize along with 50 copies of the book. all entrants in the competition receive a copy of the winning chapbook along with a classic issue of slipstream magazine.  penick's work has appeared in over 100 different literary journals, including the hudson review, north american review, and the california quarterly. he lives in louisville with his free-range box turtle, sheldon, and edits ristau, a tiny literary annual.   you can find more of his poetry at: theartofmercy.net.

   
2017 chapbook contest winner — alan catlin


alan catlin, of schenectady, ny, was selected as the winner of slipstream's 2017 poetry chapbook
competition for his collection, blue velvet. 
catlin has been publishing for the better part of five decades. during that time he has published
thousands of poems in hundreds of magazines from the mundane to the outlandish to the well-known and
everything in between. in his working life he was a barman, a profession he credits with warping his
mind forever and giving him a unique perspective on life. he has published over sixty full length
books and chapbooks including: last man standing from lummox press, american odyssey
from future cycle press and forthcoming, hollyweird from night ballet press, which also
published  his beautiful mutants chapbook. he is the poetry editor of the online poetry
magazine misfitmagazine.net.


2016 chapbook contest winner — francine witte
   the winner of the 2016 slipstream poetry chapbook competition was francine witte, of
new york, ny, for her collection of poems entitled "not all fires burn
the same."    a former high school english
teacher, witte grew up in queens, ny. she earned her ma in english/creative writing at suny
binghamton and her mfa in poetry at vermont college. she is the author of the poetry chapbooks
only, not only (finishing line press, 2012) and first rain (pecan grove press, 2009),
which won the pecan grove press competition. she also authored the flash fiction chapbooks cold
june (ropewalk press), selected by robert olen butler as the winner of the 2010 thomas a.
wilhelmus award, and the wind twirls everything (musclehead press).
   
2015 chapbook contest winner — neil carpathios
 the winner of the 2015 slipstream poetry chapbook competition was neil
carpathios, of portsmouth, ohio, for his collection of poems entitled "the function of sadness."  carpathios is the author
of three full-length poetry collections: playground of flesh (main street rag), at the
axis of imponderables (winner of the quercus review press book award), and beyond the
bones (futurecycle press). he is the editor of the anthology, every river on earth: writing
from appalachian ohio (ohio university press, 2015).  his newspaper column, "let's
talk poetry," appears weekly in the portsmouth daily times and online, and strives to showcase the
works of poets in southern ohio and around the country. he is an associate professor of english and
coordinator of creative writing at shawnee state university in portsmouth, ohio.  john
skoyles, author of a little faith, permanent change, definition of the soul and the
situation, writes: "in the function of sadness, neil carpathios introduces us to his
world, a world familiar to most alert citizens, but one that usually makes us avert our eyes: the
maimed, the desolate, the abandoned and those who just plain hurt. in poem after exquisite poem, he
makes their traumas ours, and unites us to all things frail and mortal."  

 


2014 chapbook contest winner — nicole antonio
 the 2014 slipstream chapbook contest winner was nicole antonio, of oakland,
california, for her collection of poetry entitled another
mistake.  nicole antonio studied poetry and screen writing at the university of
southern california, obtaining both her bachelor's in english and master's in professional writing.
her work has appeared in the nervous breakdown, watershed, and the truth about the
fact. after serving as the editor in chief for the usc's southern california review, she
moved north and now lives in oakland.  about another mistake, amy gerstler,
author of dearest creature and winner of the national book critics circle award, writes:
"another mistake is a powerhouse chapbook. this is a hyper-awake, penetrating, gritty, humane,
fearless literary voice. each of these poems displays exemplary control of the pressurized energies
at its core. another mistake bears fresh, deeply affecting witness to the speed at which nicole's
generation lives, loves, hooks up, slaves and suffers. our need to embrace dark urges and our fucked
up origins, to understand and master pleasure and pain, to be wildly alive but also to face the
music, it's all here, articulated with the perfect mix of distance and immediacy. i am an avid fan
who hopes a full-length collection is in the pipeline." 
  
  
  
 
 

 




send email to:





editors@slipstreampress.org












 
 
 
  

 