












the optimist club of herndon va | home

















login






























who is the herndon optimist club?







since 1961, the not-for-profit, all volunteer optimist club of herndon, va has been dedicated to providing a helping hand to the youth in our greater-herndon-reston community. our youth civic programs engage the children in our community in positive ways with our local school and law enforcement personnel and execute activities that benefit our community. our youth sports programs offer over two thousand children each year the opportunity to learn sports-related skills and that responsibility, teamwork, sportsmanship, and integrity are just as important as winning. 
we are the legal entity under which the following sports programs operate:
herndon reston youth baseball (hryb)
haley smith basketball / herndon optimist youth house basketball (hoyhb)
herndon optimist youth travel basketball (hoytb)
herndon optimist youth cheerleading (hoyc)
herndon-reston youth field hockey (hryfh)
herndon optimist youth flag football (hoyff)
herndon-reston youth lacrosse (hryl)
the herndon optimist club (hoc) board of directors is focused on and committed to delivering on our mission of service to the youth of our community. if you have suggestions for new youth civic or sports programs or need assistance, please use the contact us information at the bottom of this page and a member of the hoc board of directors will get back to you as soon as possible.
















announcements



high school seniors: apply for the hoc 2025 college scholarship!







each year herndon optimist club members select up to three young sports persons who have participated in herndon optimist club programs and demonstrated a commitment to serve their community to each receive $2,000 to be used for their first year of college tuition.
click here to access the hoc 2025 college scholarship application on our forms web page. the completed application and supporting documentation must be postmarked or emailed no later than april 2, 2025. winners will be contacted no later than may 3, 2025. 





news



jim emery honored with nfhca junior hockey award







lake mary, fla — the national field hockey coaches association (nfhca) is proud to announce that jim emery, director and coach of herndon reston youth field hockey, has received the junior hockey award at the nfhca coaches appreciation & awards luncheon sponsored by astroturf®.
“jim emery saw a need in his own community and took the steps to create an opportunity for students to access the game of field hockey,” said hall of fame committee chair, katie kloeckener. “he has dedicated countless time and energy into growing our game for the love of the game and we could not be more excited to honor him with this award.”
“i am honored and humbled to receive this award,” remarked emery. “i am grateful for the nomination, and i am fortunate to have been working with scores of other volunteers who have taken on coaching and administrative duties to build a successful program.”





upcoming events



herndon high school (hhs) homecoming parade - nov 9th







our herndon optimist youth cheerleading (hoyc) teams lead other fall sports teams marching in the herndon high school (hhs) homecoming parade on saturday november 9th. the parade starts at 9:30am at herndon middle school (hms) and ends at 10:45am near the red caboose across from the dairy queen on lynn street.





















optimist club of herndon va







contact us:
po box 1771
herndon, va 20172-1771
hocexec@gmail.com





general information








connect




















©  optimist club of herndon, va. all rights reserved.
©  demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.













