



midi movie theme song music and movie video clips homepage











  

 

my collection of midi movie themes are for everyone to use. i don't expect anything in return. there are 
now well over 1,000 midi files on this website. with the rising costs of hosting and the such, perhaps you 
will consider the purchase of one or more of my cd's, preferably the movie theme cd's. the movie themes are 
the actual themes from the movies listed, not a midi file music as is found within this site. you can hear 
sound bytes of each song at my music store. i have added links on every vhs/dvd and now blu-rays for specific 
movies, especially the newer ones where vhs are not available anymore. all movies pictured within can be 
purchased via my amazon.com. every vhs/dvd purchase via this website will ultimately help keep up the costs of 
maintaining such a huge collection of files and images for your free entertaiment. thank you for visiting and 
please share this site with your friends...

  

get all the latest and best selling blu-ray movies & tv videos 

amazon.com videos. 

thanks for your continued support...  
 

 
 
get all the greatest oldies music ever recorded 


 

 click on banner to search movies a to d

  

click on banner to search movies e to i

 

click on banner to search movies j to p

 

click on banner to search movies q to z

  


click on banner to search 
movies on lord of the rings 


 


click on banner to search 
movies on clint eastwood


 


click on banner to search 
movies on arnold schwarzenegger


  


click on banner to search 
movies on star wars 


 


click on banner to search 
movies on star trek 


 


click on banner to search 
movies on james bond


 


click on banner to search 
movie called "gettysburg"


 


click on banner to search 
movies on war & battles


 


click on the classic war movies banner to enter 


my giant extensive war movies homepage  




please help support this site by buying phillies championship or other mlb items 

 
 

thanks for visiting and be sure to tell all your friends. please don't hesitate 
to make a suggestion for a movie theme. i will consider all suggestions 
and will add the title to my collection if it can be found & i enjoy the music. 
just click on the email here.



email/questions!



click on banner to go back to the... 




 


 


