






david gulbransen





















david gulbransenwise up, suckersall about dave!

the basics
simpsonized!
my tattoo
my motorcycle (r.i.p)


professional info
friends
photos
videos
preaching to the perverted (blog)



snap me down!here you can find the incoherent ramblings of one david gulbransen. i also have a weblog called preaching to the perverted. you can check it for insight into what’s on my mind on any given day.
there are many facets to dave! here you can learn more about my personal side and my professional side. you can also learn more about my interests in film and photography. and see how i spend his free time hanging out with his friends.
please feel free to look around, and if you should have any problems, too bad.
 

eat to live, live to eati do love food. i’m not quite an obnoxious foodie. well, okay, maybe obnoxious. i love food, in particular ethnic foods and cheese. can’t get enough cheese! i’ve reviewed a number of restaurants and dozens of cheeses here. if you’d like to learn more about the restaurants or cheeses that i love (or hate) then read on.
cheese posts
food posts
restaurant posts
 

travel makes the world smalleri call chicago my home, but i grew up traveling and i love to visit new places and meet new people. i don’t think there is any better way to gain a greater understanding of our world and our fellow man than to visit his home. i’ve been all around the united states, to south america, europe and asia. to read more about my home city and my travels, check out:
chicago
travel
i don’t find as much time to travel these days as i would like, but when i do i will post photos and writings here.

a portrait of the artist as a bloggeri’m a very big supporter of the arts. from literature to fine arts to cinema to music, i pretty much love it all. one of the great benefits to living in chicago is that the city has really fantastic theatre and music options, as well as incredible museums, galleries and other resources for the arts:
arts posts
film posts
music posts
feel free to tell me all about your art or arts organization.

i, for one, welcome our new robot overlords.i love technology.  i have worked for many technology companies and organizations through the years. even now, in my law practice, i focus on intellectual property, which generally encompasses a great deal of technology related legal issues. if you’re interested in reading my thoughts on technology check out:
blogging
technology
i believe technology can enhance our humanity, rather than destroy it.

blogger at lawdisclaimer: i am a lawyer, but i’m not your lawyer. well, even if i am your lawyer, nothing on this blog is legal advice. it’s just me stating my personal opinions on legal topics.
here’s a collection of law related posts:
blawging posts
business posts
law posts
law school posts

previousnext





recent blog posts


the most important person in your family


ribs


blawg review


blawg review #321:


sodastream. now i’m carbonating everything!





 
  subscribe! (rss)
 
  subscribe  (comments)





recent commentscountdown to blawg review #123 | texas appellate law blog on preaching to the pervertedfamily attroneys on ipad2 reviewtrailmix on boxee box vs. rokuscott on playonkate on boxee box vs. roku 


home bottom #2
this is a widgeted area which is called home bottom #2. it is using the genesis - featured page widget to display what you see on the agency child theme demo site. to get started, log into your wordpress dashboard, and then go to the appearance > widgets screen. there you can drag the widget into the home bottom #2 widget area on the right hand side.



photos by dave 







www.flickr.com
my photo stream...


 

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 david gulbransen · all rights reserved






