







mcmillin








































































































            who we are
          

            heritage
          

            projects
          

            racing
          

            journal
          

            contact
          









































































who we areheritageprojectsracingjournalcontact


















scroll








inspiring moments































innovation
sampling a new vintage – we want to offer our people the opportunity to try something new, even if it’s just going out for drinks close to home. changing things up helps keep people inspired. and that is true when it comes to business as well. we find the most creative thinking comes when we venture outside our normal routines and typical ways of doing things.  















curation
it’s an art form – there is an ever-increasing variety of information and choices bombarding people every day. by being selective in what and who we include in our projects we can elevate the experiences we provide our guests. this requires us to take a look at a project from a holistic view and ask if a potential tenant will enhance the existing mix and add something special to the community.















service
people first – in everything we do, we put people first. in the end, everything we do is defined by relationships. every project we embark on, we create experiences that build connections between friends and family, as well as employees and customers.















excellence
it’s a process – we understand that the customer experience is the sum of every detail that we put into a project. this is what drives our continued pursuit of excellence and the unrelenting desire to always be better.



  




 


“we create the types of places andexperiences our families would love.”


 









video



content



image










mcmillinsan diego, ca


































who we areheritageprojects



racingjournalcontact





mcmillin llc
2750 womble road,
san diego, ca, 92106,
united states


hours












