 cis street furniture | creating inspiring street scenes   

  
skip to content



 
brochures



 
01483 203388


 
sales@cis-streetfurniture.co.uk


 cis street furniturecreating inspiring street sceneshomeproductsbollardscast iron bollardssteel bollardsstainless steel bollardscomposite bollardsanti ram-raid protectionremovable bollardsretractable bollardssemi-automatic bollardfolding bollardsilluminated bollardspavement protectionretail parkshoop barriersgatesaccessoriesflexi-bollposts and railingspostsrailsinfill panelsgradient treatmentspedestrian barriersbow top fencingrail endsornamental fencingcustom design fencinglitter binscast iron binssteel binsstainless steel binson-street recycling binsbomb resistant binsseatingcast iron straightcast iron shaped seatingsteel seatingstainless steel seatingtimber and steel seatingsecuritybomb resistant binshoop barrierskerb protectionsecurity planterstree protectiontree guardsresin bound porous tree grillescircular tree grillessquare tree grillesshaped tree grillesraised tree grillesanti-vandal tree grillestree grille framesroot directionroot irrigationtrees don’t die, they’re killed!signagefinger postsinformation boardsstreet name plateshanging basketsbespoke signagestainless steelstainless steel bollardsstainless steel binsstainless steel cycle rackscycle parkingcycle standscycle sheltersshelterscycle shelterssmoking shelterswaiting sheltersplanterscast iron planterstimber planterstimber / cast iron plantersstainless steel plantersconcrete plantersfibreglass plantersdecorative lightinglaternslighting columnscase studiesabout uscontact us
homeproductsbollardscast iron bollardssteel bollardsstainless steel bollardscomposite bollardsanti ram-raid protectionremovable bollardsretractable bollardssemi-automatic bollardfolding bollardsilluminated bollardspavement protectionretail parkshoop barriersgatesaccessoriesflexi-bollposts and railingspostsrailsinfill panelsgradient treatmentspedestrian barriersbow top fencingrail endsornamental fencingcustom design fencinglitter binscast iron binssteel binsstainless steel binson-street recycling binsbomb resistant binsseatingcast iron straightcast iron shaped seatingsteel seatingstainless steel seatingtimber and steel seatingsecuritybomb resistant binshoop barrierskerb protectionsecurity planterstree protectiontree guardsresin bound porous tree grillescircular tree grillessquare tree grillesshaped tree grillesraised tree grillesanti-vandal tree grillestree grille framesroot directionroot irrigationtrees don’t die, they’re killed!signagefinger postsinformation boardsstreet name plateshanging basketsbespoke signagestainless steelstainless steel bollardsstainless steel binsstainless steel cycle rackscycle parkingcycle standscycle sheltersshelterscycle shelterssmoking shelterswaiting sheltersplanterscast iron planterstimber planterstimber / cast iron plantersstainless steel plantersconcrete plantersfibreglass plantersdecorative lightinglaternslighting columnscase studiesabout uscontact us



 
brochures

stainless steelcis offer a wide range of street furniture in a contemporary stainless steel. stainless steel is low maintenance, strong and durable. with its contemporary look it is easy to see why this material is finding its way into many new build schemes as well as re-vitalising existing developments and townscapes.view stainless steel rangebollardsour range covers all schemes, from the traditional heritage cast iron design to a more contemporary stainless steel design; we can offer products to suit.we also offer a full installation, refurbishment and maintenance service; we can take the headache of dealing with several subcontractors and suppliers. we ensure continuity on site and provide on-going maintenance to ensure the scheme’s longevity and appearance.view bollard rangecast iron
cast iron is the ultimate recyclable material and most items will last 50-100 years even unpainted.view cast iron range



planterscis offer a wide range of planters in a variety of materials including cast iron, steel and timber, stainless steel and also a blend of stainless steel and sapele hardwood.



planters



lightinglighting forms an essential part of many enhancement schemes. generally taking two forms; one is the functional column and luminaires, the alternative would be decorative lighting. almost all of our lights are suitable for roadside illumination.



lighting



on-street recycling binscis street furniture are proud to offer clients our stainless steel recycling centre. this product has been developed closely with local councils to meet the stringent requirements of on-street recycling.



on-street recycling bins



anti-ram raid bollardscis street furniture have supplied their unique ram raid bollard system, type 194rr, to several military bases across the uk.



anti-ram raid bollards



cycle shelterswe supply and install a wide range of secure cycle parking and storage for schools, universities and work places. styles range from utilitarian to stylish, fully enclosed or open sided.



cycle shelters



posts and railingsour railing systems can suit all areas, town centres, retail parks, bridges, locks and waterside developments such as marinas and esplanades.



posts and railings



litter binscis offer a wide range of litter bins in a variety of materials including cast iron, steel, stainless steel and plastic.



litter bins



seatingcis offer a range of bench and seat options in a variety of materials including cast iron and timber, steel, stainless steel and stainless steel with hardwood. many of the seats are made to dda regulations with arm rests giving support.



seating



securitygiven recent security issues concerning threats to specific targets, cis street furniture have developed a range of products to prevent and protect against acts of terrorism, ram raiding, vandalism and to prevent unauthorised entry.



security



tree protectioncis offer a wide range of tree grilles, frames and guards designed to give maximum protection to young and new trees by preventing the soil from compaction and over run causing terminal root damage.



tree protection



signagesignage is an integral part of any town centre regeneration. manufactured on site in ashbourne, derbyshire cis offer a range of finger post columns and provide finger signs to promote areas of interest and amenities within your area.



signage



stainless steelwith its contemporary look it is easy to see why stainless steel is finding its way into many new build schemes as well as re-vitalising existing developments and townscapes.



stainless steel



search by product name or description

search

 

case studyflexi-boll – bollards that bend over backwardsthis truly unique, flexible but rigid bollard is designed to outwardly look like a standard bollard, however when a force is applied to it special compounds in the polyurethane will deform allowing the bollard to bend up to 90 degrees. in fact the whole bollard can be run over and will self right in a matter of seconds. all this with little or no damage to itself and minimal or no damage to vehicles.


view flexi-boll case study




more case studies

testimonialdrd roads service, n. irelandjust a short note to confirm that we have completed installation of two more type 193 bollards at a new zebra crossing in kilrea, co. londonderry.
again they have already proved successful in protecting railing and kerbing from overrun at a tight radius junction.
the two we first installed in 2006 are still performing well at the site in coleraine and we have never had any railing damage.
they really are a great product.
senior engineertraffic sectionsovereign harbour marina ltd
the waterfront signage – sovereign harbour, eastbourne.
right from the very first telephone call to the point of after-installation call, checking everything was ok, i have been dealt with by professional people who obviously take a pride in what they do and feel the need to help the customer. what a refreshing change!
the signs themselves are superb. they look very smart and have stood up to the severe weather we experienced this winter with no problems, unlike several of the other large signs around the site made by others. i shall certainly be in touch again when i have a future requirement.
dan hughesbasildon district council
five links housing estate – order for 290 type 101 cast iron bollards
as you know, this was an urgent order. i would like to express my appreciation of the efforts of all those within your company who were involved in fulfilling this order at such short notice and enabling basildon council to complete the project on time. please pass on my thanks to all those involved.
steve gostlingcherwell district council
cis street furniture have designed and manufactured a superb range of furniture, which helps enhance the street scene in each of our urban centres.
having a coordinated suite of furniture with bespoke design had given banbury, bicester and kidlington their own identity, and has helped us win awards in the annual britain in bloom competitions.
cis offered a great service and their continued support to the council has been recognised.
paul almondcherwell district councilstaffordshire moorlands district council
we worked closely with cis street furniture to design an excellent range of finger signs that were in keeping with leek’s strong heritage.
the fingerposts and notice boards bring identity to the street scene whilst providing excellent direction to points of interest and amenities.
cis also installed the furniture and refurbished existing street furniture.
michelle wallacestaffordshire moorlands district council
case studystreet furniture package for north ormesbytest following the recent developments around the market square, a developer’s contribution has been secured to fund environmental improvements to the market place and surrounding areas. after detailed consultation with partners, traders and the local community, plans have been agreed for the design of the square, and work begin on site in february 2011.


view north ormesby case study




more case studies

contact usget in touch with us to discuss your street furniture project requirements.we’d love to hear from you on the phone or email. if you would rather send us a quick message, please use the form to the right.

 
01483 203388


 
sales@cis-streetfurniture.co.uk








name*
email*
company*
phone number*
message*
i consent to cis street furniture collecting and storing my data from this form to respond to my contact request. read our privacy policy.
*required fields
street furniturecis street furniturehome pageproductscase studiesabout uscontact usbrochureshome pageproductscase studiesabout uscontact usbrochuresproductsall productsbollardsposts and railingslitter binsseatingsecuritysignagestainless steelcycle parkingsheltersplantersall productsbollardsposts and railingslitter binsseatingsecuritysignagestainless steelcycle parkingsheltersplanterscontact us

 
01483 203388


 
sales@cis-streetfurniture.co.uk

© 2025 cis street furniture 



