




home | east asia regional council of schools
























announcement from the executive director
×


to our membership and friends,
we had expected to offer a combined leadership and teachers’ conference in bangkok at the end of march.  a recent survey of all of the heads of our member schools led us to conclude that the march conference was simply no longer a viable option.  largely due to quarantine restrictions that would impede educators from traveling to and from the conference, as well as increasing uncertainties related to the omicron variant, we had to conclude, sadly, that the march 2022 conference should be postponed.
the earcos leadership conference has been rescheduled for october 27 to october 29, 2022 in bangkok.  the earcos teachers’ conference has been rescheduled to march 23 to march 25, 2023 in kota kinabalu, malaysia.  
read more








 


membership
deij
marketplace













home
who we are

about us
history
constitution
board of trustees
privacy policy
child protection


conferences

future conferences
strand rotation for etc
gin conferences
sponsorship & advertising


professional development

weekend workshops
institutes & cohorts
earcos sponsored webinars
earcos leadership mentorship
non earcos sponsored pd


awards & grants

richard t. krajczar humanitarian award
global citizenship award
global citizenship community service grant
margaret sanders scholarship
action research









welcome to earcos
a place for collaboration and professional development


join us










message from the executive director

                welcome to the homepage of the east asia regional council of schools (earcos).  for over half a century, earcos has provided leadership, support and camaraderie to international schools across east asia.  earcos offers many exemplary programs in support of its mission. 
              

read more 









teachers' conference 2025

theme: empowered to explore and express 
march 19-22, 2025 
                    we are pleased to announce the 20th annual earcos teachers' conference (etc2025) in the international school of kuala lumpur, malaysia scheduled for march 19-22, 2025.
visit website





spring heads institute 2025

april 25-26, 2025
shangri-la hotel, chang mai, thailand 
                      earcos is able to offer this opportunity each year to show our appreciation to the heads of our schools. it is our way of saying thank you for all you do to support our organization. 
                    
visit website






leadership conference 2025

october 23-25, 2025 
bangkok, thailand 
                    it is with happiness and great expectations that we invite you to join us at the 55th annual earcos leadership conference 2025. this very special event will be held in bangkok, thailand from october 23 through october 25 at the shangri-la hotel. 

                    
save the date
















professional developmentnew webinars are added regularly!
current & upcoming events
view upcoming events and access our list of sponsored value-packed webinars. these are full of insights into international education, provided by leading-edge panelists including subject-matter experts, leadership, governance, assessment, curriculum, and many more.



session iii: leadership competencies for dl/bilingual education

thursday, february 13, 2025 
              presented by: dr. ying chu 
              guest speaker: dr. dustin collins 
read more




session iv: common misconceptions, mistakes and pitfalls in implementation

thursday, february 20, 2025 
              presented by: dr. ying chu 
              guest speaker: huali xiong and kevin chang 
read more




identity-centered learning

saturdayday, march 22, 2025 
              presented by: dan wickner 
read more




dates & deadlines
stay on track with our important dates and deadlines for various applications, grants, submissions, and other programs. 
              
[ view more upcoming webinars ] 
[ view more upcoming weekend workshops ] 
[ view past webinars ]











the earcos organization serves to promote cooperation and communication among its members, to advance the professional growth of schools and individuals and to broaden and enrich the educational opportunities of the students we serve. 




earcos member schools
229  5 new schools




associates institutions
155  6 new associates




individual associates
44  3 new individuals




affiliate schools  
9  outside earcos region



 



peak enrollment
190, 908  pre-k to 12th grade




earcosteachers
20,749  955 part time




school administrators 
3,590  heads, principals, etc.




countries (earcos region)
22  4 outside region









 
news & announcements
find out what's happening in the earcos region. below are some news, awards and many great events and activities our students, teachers and schools are involved in.








leadership search



                  the east asia regional council of schools (earcos) is seeking a deputy director to begin august 1, 2025. the deputy director will be based in the earcos representative office in bangkok, thailand.
                
the deputy director supports the executive director in the efficient operation of the association, ensuring high-quality member services, sound financial administration, efficient operational management, and effective delivery of it systems and solutions.

read full details here










the international centre for missing and exploited children



                  the icmec global educator centre for excellence and the international task force on child protection have joined forces to provide resources on how to prevent and respond to child abuse, neglect and sexual exploitation to ensure no child stands alone. 
                  we want to share a few resources that you might share with parents and caregivers to help them keep their children safe online.
                

read more










teacher leader institute



professional growth and development for teacher leaders to support sustainable change in international schools 

the success of any international school is highly dependent on the strength of its teacher leaders. this year long, hybrid, job-embedded professional learning experience will equip teacher leaders with skills to lead within their departments/grade levels and their schools.
through engagement within their own communities of practice, participants will embark on a journey to contribute to the growth and success of their school.

read more









peer learning communities with earcos



                  peersphere is proud to launch a new partnership with earcos. together, we are set to elevate professional development opportunities for middle leaders across east asia in the 2024/25 school year. 

                  we have selected 5 of our 60+ communities that we think will be of most interest to middle leaders at earcos schools. these communities are intended for anyone who wants to collaborate and solve meaningful problems related to their role. click below to find out more.

read more



download flyer











welcome new member canadian international school system
mr. peter james corcoran, principal


              i am deeply committed to ensuring that every day at ciss is filled with exceptional learning experiences that inspire and empower our students to reach their full potential.
              




welcome new member australian independent school—indonesia
mr. craig eldred, principal jakarta campus


              ais has the well-being of all of our students and staff as a central component of school which includes a strong commitment to restorative practices, social and emotional thinking and the keeping safe: child protection curriculum. 
              




welcome new member oasis international school - kuala lumpur
mr. benjamin hale, head of school


              the oasis community supports a passion for truth, a commitment to excellence, and an appreciation for diversity while embracing an educational environment that cultivates the oasis way -- character, leadership, and innovation.
              




welcome new member okinawa christian international school
megan roe, head of school


              equipping students to walk with jesus and impact the world for him.
              




welcome new member panyaden international school
pran indhapan, head of school


              at panyaden international school, our mission is to develop highly educated, resilient, thoughtful and caring individuals through a practical, values-based approach to education.
              









earcos community voices
below are some articles on the many great stories and activities our students, teachers, heads and schools are involved in.





curriculum
combatting math anxiety in elementary education 
read more..





addressing unconscious bias
equitable and growth-focused teacher evaluations 
read more..





college admission
college admission is not a competition 
read more..





curriculum
a look at an innovative educational experience that goes beyond the walls of the classroom, across subjects, and even vertically to affect other grades. read more..





curriculum
at international school beijing, we use this implementation continuum with the principals, middle level leaders, and teacher leaders to identify areas for growth and determine priorities for action planning.  
read more..





distance learning
dais elementary takes distance learning beyond the screen by offering student toolkits to enhance instruction and add a personal touch.  read more..













the et journal is a triannual publication of the east asia regional council of schools (earcos), a nonprofit 501(c)3, incorporated in the state of delaware, usa, with a regional office in manila, philippines.
featured in this issue
research 
            an empirical evaluation of adolescent anxiety and depression in international schools: findings and implications
board roles 
            board & member roles & responsibilities
action research 
            engaging host country national teachers 
green & sustainable 
            regenerative education: teaching and learning that heals and restores 

submit an article to et journal




















 

              earcos office
              brentville subdivision 
              brgy. mamplasan, binan, laguna 4024
              philippines 
phone: +63 (02) 8779-5147 
mobile: +63 917 127 6460 
email: info@earcos.org 



quick links

 home
 membership
 sponsorship opportunities
 privacy policy
 child protection
 contact us



 

 members login
 triannual journal
 conferences
 archive
 past webinars



subscribe to our et journal
join our mailing list and get the latest and trending content delivered fresh to your inbox.



 
 
engage with us on twitter, facebook, tumblr and youtube and join us in telling and celebrating the many great stories in our earcos community!  







          © copyright earcos. all rights reserved
        






























