







home - cook's church
























































about us

our staff
gallery
“what we believe”


sermons
ministries
resources

new visitors
calendar
church news
newsletter
church directory
community center


give
contact us





















 
















join us on sundayscommunity of god on a journey of faith3413 mt holly-huntersville roadcharlotte, nc 28216-7735
sunday school at 9amworship service at 10am
watch online








join us on sundayscommunity of god on a journey of faith
3413 mt holly-huntersville road
charlotte, nc 28216-7735
sunday school at 9am
worship service at 10am
watch online












check out these upcoming ‘extra/special’ events happening at cook’s and make plans today to come be a part of them!

looking ahead: 'prayer vigil' – this saturday, february 1, 8am-noon in our sanctuary - everyone is urged to drop by to pray for 15 min or so to pray for yourself and/or your family, a friend/neighbor in need, our city, state, nation cand/or our world, and please tell your neighbors they are invited also! cook’s scouts will lead us in worship this sunday for ‘scout sunday’ – february 2 at 10am (‘scouting for food’ is an ongoing annual program of the boy scouts of america that begun in 1985 by the greater st. louis area council. the program involves collecting for local food banks and is...
read more




we’d love to have you join us at our sunday night adult bible study at 6pm each week in our sanctuary and the current theme we are studying is “the heart of worship”!

cook's church adult bible study - each sunday at 5pm - the current topic is "the heart of worship" - everyone is invited to come discover how we are drawn into a deeper walk with god when we approach him in worship that is genuine and appropriate!  
read more













new visitors








newsletter








ministries








events








give










welcome to cook’s church
cook’s church is a welcoming church where faith and fellowship is very important. our men of cook’s and presbyterian women groups enjoy spiritual fellowship opportunities and hold fundraising initiatives to support the local community. other fellowship opportunities range from children’s groups to senior adults. our church is mission focused – providing assistance locally, nationally and internationally. cook’s provides meeting space for local boy scout troops, and a playschool for the community four days a week. we host a wonderful community meal once a month. cook’s also supports local non-profit organizations, as well as national and international initiatives through mission trips.






our vision:
we, the members of cook’s memorial presbyterian church, are a community on a journey of faith dedicated to spiritual growth and christ’s teachings. we are committed to be a community of god, open to all people. we pledge to be witnesses for god and to be caring disciples of christ.
caring, seeking, serving



our mission:
love god, love yourself,love your neighbor andgo tell others about jesus








church news




check out these upcoming ‘extra/special’ events happening at cook’s and make plans today to come be a part of them!

dec 30, 2024looking ahead: 'prayer vigil' – this saturday, february 1, 8am-noon in our sanctuary - everyone is...
read more



want to learn how to cook like a professional chef?  join pastor jason (prior chef) in our fh kitchen to do so…rescheduled date from 1/12 to be announced!

aug 23, 2024cook’s cares:  i’ve (pastor jason) been leading the first of what i hope will be many live and...
read more



‘cook’s playschool’ would love to have your 3-5 yr old come be a part of their family!

apr 8, 2024cook's playschool's is held monday through thursday through the middle of may, 2025 from...
read more


 
see more news



latest audio sermon

 

 




living water


													february 16, 2025											







													introduction i want you to think for a second about feeling isolated. i’m sure we’ve all had a period in our life where we felt so badly about ourselves that…												


continue reading...



 



							pastor							:
pastor jason bryant



							passage:
psalm 100, john 4:1-13



							service type:
sunday morning




 



hear all our sermons



 












serving the mountain island lake community & surrounding areas



3413 mt holly-huntersville rdcharlotte, nc 28216-7735

704-399-7735

contact us






quick links




map to our church

give now

church directory






follow us


follow







© 2023 cook’s memorial presbyterian chuch all rights reserved



 





































