

muse:  inspirational technology








electronic music engraving
custom audio electronics
www resources
shareware




welcome to the muse homepage!  muse is
dedicated to providing various technological solutions to musicians—primarily
acoustic guitarists and vocalists—that we hope will inspire their 
performances.  some muse products should also be of interest to
electronics hobbyists, even if their interests are not in audio
electronics.


our first commercial
products are still in the development stage; check back in a few months
if you're looking to spend some money!  in the meantime, we offer
a variety of free resources that we hope you'll
find useful.  consider it adware, if you like.  enjoy these
resources with no legal or ethical obligations to even think of
buying muse products now or in the future.  but if your future needs
overlap with our offerings, we hope to have generated enough
"warm, fuzzy feelings" that you'll consider the muse solution.

information resources produced by muse

ag:  acoustic guitarists' annotated guide to the internet
james a. olson guitars
griffin string instruments
artist pages:

way back home:  a phil keaggy home page
bright avenue:  bob bennett's home page



other small companies serving acoustic musicians

in an effort to encourage the efforts of entrepreneurs trying to
serve the acoustic amplification market with small, hands-on operations,
we list here the web sites of such companies for your perusal:


orchid electronics
orchid electronics is a small company based in the uk run by
john godsland.  they offer a line of audio electronics products 
including an acoustic guitar preamp (used by show of hands, albion band, jethro tull and many others) and phantom powered dis, and also produce
custom devices for customers.


emf acoustics
based in finland, emf has introduced a significant new transducer
technology to the acoustic amplification market with their electret-based
b-band under-saddle transducer.  they also sell preamps specially
designed to interface with the b-band.


daedalus music
based in trumansburg in upstate new york, daedalus music offers
high quality speaker cabinets and component systems for acoustic guitar
amplification, hand-crafted
by guitarist and woodworker lou hinkley.  lou also builds high quality
stage speakers and studio furniture.  martin simpson has
said of lou's work that it "sounds like god in a box."  the daedalus
web site describes the products, hosts articles and reviews featuring
daeduls cabinets, provides contact info for daadalus
dealers, and also offers tips on using component amplification systems
for acoustic guitars.


sunrise pickup systems
jim kaufman hand-manufactures a limited number of his acclaimed
electromagnetic soundhole pickups.  he also produces preamps and direct
boxes for use with his and other pickups.  this site provides price and
dealer lists, and contact information.


donnell mini-flex microphones (email link)
donnell enterprises manufactures and sells high-quality internal
mics for acoustic guitars and other acoustic instruments.  their mics
are mounted on mini goosenecks allowing easy position adjustment.
they have models that clip on internal braces, or that mount permanently
via a soundhole jack.  most models are battery operated.  rane audio
(see below) also resells donnell mics for use with their ap-13 preamp.
this link sends them email; you can request their free brochure this
way.  a web site is in progress.


joe mills audio products (email link)
joe mills manufactures acoustic guitar transducers; you can email
him for more information about his products.  online users of his
acoustic guitar mics rave about them.  there is also 
joe mills mini mic info at the highlander pickups web site.


trance audio
trance audio offers high quality pickups and preamps for amplification
of acoustic guitars.  their acoustic lens pickup is the successor
to the famour frap pickup, and michael hedges uses the trance
inducer preamp with a frap pickup.  their page provides info about
all their products, including full owner's manuals.









tom loredo /
loredo@spacenet.tn.cornell.edu



