



are you psychic? test your psychic abilities with intuition
tester now!

































are you psychic? 












intuitiontester software is designed to measure and analyze the psychic power of humans. 
it is based on the results of intuition training research 
published in 1995 in united kingdom, which showed that intuition can be trained using immediate audio-visual feedback. 

since the web site launch in 2003 many people in the usa, uk, canada, australia,
germany and other countries used intuitiontester to measure and train their psychic strength. 
 


 












are you psychic? 
  can you see at least a few seconds ahead into
the future?
can you obtain unknown information without using the normal senses?
do you have paranormal abilities?
do not guess, test it! 





intuition tester. main screen.





what you will find on this site



a. research on human intuition and psychic abilities. (science also
uses the terms "paranormal abilities" or "esp").

b. intuitiontester. a software, which is designed
to measure and analyze psychic power of humans (namely, precognition
- the ability to predict the future and clairvoyance
- the ability to get information unobtainable by any of our normal
senses).


c. free preview of music
for esp tests ,  addressed to
people who want to develop their imagination and psychics abilities.
                              
on some days our intuition
seems stronger than on others - and sometimes it's completely
non-existent. 





this way we
could make important decisions only when our intuition is 
at its strongest!



 

psychic (paranormal) intuition
... trading
stocks ... lottery ... investments ... marriage ...
... career change ... planning ... real estate purchases ... travel ...
gambling ...

what's common in all these activities? if you said the involvement
of your intuition, you're correct!

in all these cases, and thousands of other, we try to compensate for
unknown factors with our intuitive abilities. 

psychics intuition - also referred in science as "paranormal abilities"
or "extra sensory perception" (esp) - is our ability to obtain
information about past, present (clairvoyance) or future (precognition) events without using the
"normal" five senses. 
                              


scientific examples of psychic
(paranormal) intuition
here are a several 
scientifically-researched examples of paranormal intuition (detailed
descriptions of the studies, and their references, appear in the scientific background section): 

dangerous situations
a classical study published by w.e. cox showed that the number of
tickets sold for the trains that crash is usually less than the number
of tickets for similar trains on the same day of the previous
week. in other words, people somehow foresee and avoid
life-treating situation. remember how abnormally few people were on the
planes that crashed on september 11, 2001!) read more 

business opportunities
a study published by dean, mihalsky, schroeder & ostrander showed
that: “eighty percent of highly successful company presidents ...
scored above chance on computerized precognition tests …” read more 

intuition training
a study published by m. zilberman showed that intuition can be trained using immediate audio and visual feedback after each trial in a computer-generated random series.
 read
more 


deviation from the random level for 
                        the trials accumulated by first and second 
                        halves of series. (posted with permission of author)
 


casino success 
a study published by d.radin and j. rebman showed that payouts in a
las vegas casino are not constant and significantly correlate with the
earth’s geomagnetic activity and lunar cycle. read more 

lottery
a study published by m. zilberman showed that the human "luckiness"
in european numerical lotteries shows similar trends in different
countries and correlates with geomagnetic activity on the day of
lottery draw. read
more 





 this web-site was developed for you
to read about the intuitiontester and even download your own copy of the software that
was designed to measure human paranormal abilities (i.e.
precognition and clairvoyance).

intuitiontester
was initially created for purposes of science, to find out if
paranormal intuition could be trained using audio-visual feedback. (you
can read the results of this scientific study here.)
                              

now we has made  
intuitiontester available to the public in a newly-designed version,
with an easy-to-use, customizable interface and multi-user
support.  it is currently available through “intuitiontester.com”,
the web-site you are currently at!

please note: intuitiontester does't measure your strength in telepathy
or telekinesis. it deals only with precognition and clairvoyance.




 click here to download intuition tester now 


site navigation: 
read more about
intuitiontester view the application screenshots.


scientific background.

music for esp tests
(free preview)

lottery and
parapsychology

about us



 purchase
intuitiontester 

site map 

contact support@intuitiontester.com
















introduction
to it :: intuition
tester :: scientific
background :: music for esp tests
:: download now :: contact
us 



 ©2003 mzb standard enterprise all rights reserved.














