









home - international association for cross-cultural psychology















































 



skip to content



  
why join?
become a member
log in
need help?
 















menu


home
about

code of conduct
executive council
officers
iaccp awards
research grants
grants committee
conference committee
knowledge exchange committee
language committee
social media team
regions of iaccp


conferences

about our conferences
upcoming and past conferences
conferences by other organizations


publications

jccp
online readings in psychology and culture
conference proceedings
member publications
bulletins archive
communications and publications committee


education

academic programs in ccp

advice


course syllabi
culture and psychology school
the e.d.u.c.a.t.e. initiative
intercultural program directory


members

member support
search members
interest in reviewing
submit posts for members
dues information
jccp online access
social
discussion lists


news




























international association for cross cultural psychology






the iaccp was founded in 1972 to facilitate communication among people interested in a diverse range of issues involving culture and psychology.



















 
 


 
 


 
 




















commitment to science and compassion: iaccp's values in a diverse and complex world






the international association for cross-cultural psychology is a highly diverse scientific society committed to advancing our understanding of the intersections of psychology and culture. we prioritize the application of scientific methods to deepen our insights into the human condition and to contribute to a more compassionate world for every individual. we reject violence, including terrorism, as a means to resolve interpersonal and international conflicts. we believe that all lives hold equal worth, transcending the many collective and individual identities that distinguish us. we extend our heartfelt sympathies to those who endure physical and emotional suffering, including our members and all those affected by violence, and the increasingly frequent natural and human-induced disasters.

















events
















2025 regional conference to be held in brisbane, australia

jun 28, 2025—jul 01, 2025brisbane, australiaview











conceptualizations of the self in the mena region webinar series

jan 24, 2025view











2024 iaccp international congress – bali

aug 05, 2024—aug 09, 2024bali, indonesiaview


view more 








association news







 

 




brisbane conference abstract submissions deadline extended to january 10th



						december 6, 2024					








 

 




2024 spark grant winners announced



						september 23, 2024					



the iaccp’s sparks grants committee is excited to issue the 2024 award announcements! congratulations to our five teams of winners,…





 

 




iaccp congratulates klaus boehnke



						august 28, 2024					



iaccp’s former president, klaus boehnke, professor of social science methodology at constructor university bremen, germany, formerly known as jacobs university,…






















publications






















journal of cross-cultural psychology






the paperless journal of cross-cultural psychology provides the latest empirical research on important cross-cultural questions in social, developmental, cognitive, linguistic, personality, organizational and other areas of psychology. each volume of jccp includes empirical papers, brief reports, and integrative review articles of empirical cross-cultural research, along with theoretical papers that may suggest new orientations for future research. the journal publishes cross-cultural and single culture studies, and quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods are represented. it supplements its broad coverage with single-themed special issues and special sections dedicated to topics of particular interest.
members have free access to current and past issues of jccp online: click on the my account link on the upper/right of all pages.
learn more











online readings in psychology and culture






the online readings in psychology and culture (orpc) is designed to serve as a resource for researchers, teachers, students, and anyone who is interested in the interrelationships between psychology and culture. sponsored by the international association of cross-cultural psychology (iaccp), this publication is a free online resource for readers and authors.
orpc website

















recent publications by members

















author(s) pawel boski 20240228, cambridge core
europecultural psychology and acculturation summary this element offers a new theoretical model of acculturation within the general framework of cultural psychology. it is divided into four sections. first, cross-cultural and cultural orientations are contrasted. the psychology of economic migration (earn), separate from the psychology of acculturation (learn), is the theme of the next section. berry’s…













author(s) susan b. goldstein 20220421, cambridge university press
usasummary over the past three decades, the population of international students throughout the world has steadily increased. although university students choose to study in locations other than their home country for a variety of reasons, including professional development and disciplinary training, nearly all education abroad programs have intercultural learning as a central goal. in this…











non-western identity

author(s) byron g. adams, fons j. r. van de vijver 2021, springer
advances research on key aspects and themes related to identity in non-western contexts examines identity throughout different life stages, such as adolescents, youth, emerging adults, and adults considers new and adapted perspectives on established theoretical frameworks



view more 








 










contact
contact iaccp
youtube 


iaccp youtube
 


 twitter 


iaccp twitter
 


facebook 


iaccp



 



		website powered by neon one






















