



covington cavaliers - breeders greg & heidi mohn - northwest washington state












home
about us
our dogs
puppies
breed info
links





to contact us,
e-mail












 
we are located in orting, washington, in the foothills of the pacific northwest's mount rainier area of puget sound, within a beautiful hour's drive from either seattle or tacoma in washington state. 
we have been active in the breed since 1994 under the covington affix not just showing & as a hobby breeder but in breed clubs, serving on  boards, educational committees, program committees, genetic health committees, attending seminars & educational events, participating on national and international breeder panels, mentoring and heidi is a championship show judge in both the akc & ckcsc-usa. 
	

	in those 30 years, along with the  dedicated owners and co-owners of covington dogs, we have bred or owned dogs that carry over 100 championship titles between  ckcsc-usa, akc & uk in the conformation ring along with titles in obedience, therapy work, lure coursing, tracking & agility, including the #1 agility cavalier in the nation- 2 years running. over the years, we have been recognized as one of the top 5 breeders of  champions in the ckcsc-usa and in the 2011, we were recognized as one of the 6 most influential breeders in the us in the international publication of "the world of cavaliers". 
we are not showing as much these days as heidi is focusing on her judging, but still have the occasional covington champion and enjoy a few litters of lovely puppies a  year.  our  primary focus is and always has been that these little dogs represent the cultural and historical legacy they were originally bred for: true "comfort spaniels" and the ideal companion for our families. if you would like additional information about us or our cavaliers  please contact us through the e-mail link on this site.

 



dedicated to preserving cultural & historical integrity

 
2014 best in specialty show winners

ckcsc-usa & akc grand champions covington elphaba & covington true blood


dedicated to preserving versatility & longevity

vintage memories

 
english, ckcsc-usa, akc ch. rosscrea bedazzled at covington    13 yrs 9 months

ckcsc-usa, akc ch. rosscrea high society at covington    16 yrs

ckcsc-usa, akc ch. covington kiss this    14 yrs

akc ch. covington perpetual bliss    14 yrs

covington candied apple    10.5 yrs

akc ch. covington held for ransom    14 yrs



covington news


 judging schedule:


07/04/2011  cavaliers of the west, san francisco ca-ckcsc-usa

05/13/2012 cavaliers of the south, atlanta ga-ckcsc-usa

11/09/2013  cavaliers of the northeast, york pa-ckcsc-usa

10/09/2015  elizabeth spalding memorial show-sacramento ca-ckcsc-usa nationals

09/10/2016  summerset hills kennel club, bridgewater nj-akc

10/21/2016  harvest moon classic-pleasanton ca- akc

07/02/2017  seaside spectacular-ventura california- akc

07/06/2017  cavalier king charles spaniel club of north texas, dallas tx - akc

07/21/2017  columbia river cavalier king charles spaniel club, portland oregon- akc

10/21/2017  cavalier king charles spaniel club of southern new england, west springfield, ma- akc

08/18/2018  central carolina cavalier king charles spaniels club, greensboro nc-akc

05/15/2019  cavaliers of the south, atlanta ga- ckcsc-usa

10/27/2019  badgerland cavalier king charles spaniel club- manasha wi- akc

01/26/2020  palmetto cavalier king charles spaniel club, charleston sc- akc

sikeleli emily bronte at quail run, owned & presented by  linda e. kornhi

	04/09/2022  eastern counties cavalier king charles spaniel society, cambridge england-  			        the english kennel club
01/08/2022  twin cities cavalier king charles spaniel club, st paul mn-akc
06/17/2022  central oaklahoma cavalier king charles spaniel club, norman ok-akc
10/06/2022  cavalier king charles spaniel club usa, national specialty, top 20, cleveland ohio 
        ckcsc-usa national-ckcsc-usa
11/25/2022  cavalier club of central arizona, scottsdale az-akc
10/12/2023  cavalier king charles spaniel club-usa national specialty puppy, adult and veteran
          sweepstakes, atlanta ga-ckcsc-usa
05/15/2024  cavaliers of the south, greensboro nc-ckcsc-usa
02/07/2025  cavalier king charles spaniel club of north texas, dallas tx-akc date postponed tbd
04/2022  american cavalier king charles spaniel club national independent specialty, tbd- akc

happenings
december 2024

		  thank you for visiting us at covington cavaliers. we are still here and  active in the breed. our website is active but has lacked updates. we are in the process of updating our entire site and moving to a new platform with the same website addres, please continue to visit us here.  

	  
february 22, 2017
happy 7th birthday to the officially new and heart clear veteran, bis ckcsc-usa, akc gch, champion covington true blood.  owned & presented by allyson & susan gonyo, co owned & bred by covington.  we adore you billy bob and look forward to your visit here at covington this spring.










february 20, 2017
it is with such heavy heart i share the news of the recent loss of my beloved mulit bis- ckcsc-usa, akc champion covington chrome at 11.5 years of age to stomach cancer.  pictured here winning reserve best in show at the 2007 ckcsc-usa national speciatly at 21 months old.  chrome had a small g3 heart murmur which had nothing to do with his illness.  he fought a good fight for many months and although couldn't eat much at the end, was very happy to be a dog and enjoyed his normal routine with all his brothers who were so gentile and protective of him. he was his stoic happy cavalier self right up to the last day when he let me know he was ready to go.  we will always love you "chrome dome" and all the fun times we had traveling & in the show ring with you. you were a mommy's boy a pure cuddle bug. rip  and i will meet you at the rainbow bridge my blessed boy.










december 17, 2017
new "akc ch. harrington covington pearl of a girl" congratulations allyson & susan gonyo on your beautiful new champion pearl.  all points earned from the bred by exhibitor class, fabulous accomplishment.  super proud of you.

 










december 15, 2016
introducing "harrington covington kingmaker" now exlusively owned & being exhibited by allyson gonyo.


.  


november 29, 2016
finally finished our kitchen/dining/sitting room renovation.  such a fun fun summer doing this. thank you everyone for your patience.








 
october 1, 2016
happy 11th birthday to "akc ch. rhoyal covington charlotte".  we love you dizzy.
    october 21, 2016
thank you to the harvest moon classic in pleasanton ca for the hospitality and invite to judge cavaliers at your show.  special thanks to sandy olson for all your help & extra. 
october 14, 2016

attended the ckcsc-usa national in harrisburg pa.  was an honor to be invited as one of 4 breeders represented on the international breeder pannel at a dinner event this year at our national specialty.  

panel members:  rachel & erika venie/orchard hill usa, heidi mohn/covington usa, tanya engel/angels pride germany & michael levy/pascaval uk.


also, a very exciting roll out on cavalier health reasearch "live for love", taking a new approach to mvd & sm researech based on longevity vs irradication which after 30 years has proven impossible.  was honored to to get a special invite to join the founders  & board of this new endowment at dinner at our national banquet to speak about my experience and trends in our breeding program which connect to the finding that this new focus that those cavaliers that have the ability to adapt and live longer with mvd carry certain genes and or chromosomes and it runs within families.  

to learn more visit  www.give2stopmvd.com


 

















september 10, 2016


thank you to the sumerset hlls kennel club, bridgewater nj for the wonderful hospitatily and invite to judge cavaliers & puppy hounds at your show. special thanks to elaine lessig and thank you courtney carter for early taxi service home.  the heat was unreal  & the sportsmanship was  incredible & everyone was so careful to keep the dogs cool.  dogs always came first and the dogs just loved to be with their owners/handlers showing no matter the weather. 
august 15, 2016
happy 11th  birthday to this  extaordinairy litter of 4 out of covington latigo lace by ch. rosscrea flying high at covington.  


ckcsc-usa/rom, akc /rom #3 2009 akc breed system, ch covington paydirt

ckcsc-usa, akc ch covington chrome

ckcsc-usa, akc ch covington gotta kiss the girl

covington darby dc, bn, ra, ax, axj, axp, ajp, of, nfp, cgc, c-cd, c-bn, c-rae, c-ajp, rl2 performance titles (owned by jeanne kestner, incredible job jeanne!)
august 22, 2016
happy 11th birthday to ckcsc-usa, akc ch. covington a touch too much.  ginger is has still got to be the cutest ball of energy running around our place and acts like a 6 year old.  blessed with youth.


august 10, 2016
happy 10th birthday to ckcsc-usa, akc ch. covington preditor (remains heart clear).  our alpha male here at covington.  still producing beautiful babies. 
april 22, 2016


allyson gonyo posted this on fb today.  happy birthday  elphie...


happy birthday to one of the sweetest dogs in the whole world, elphie

(biss ckcsc-usa ch & akc gch covington elphaba)...7 years old today and officially a veteran. happy, healthy, and still heart clear. birthday cupcakes later ðŸ˜‰
 
april 15, 2016

just a couple months before her 14th birthday, we  had to say good bye to the last of the

little red corvette vintage treasures 

2005 english club show bitch ticket winner & multi biss winner 

english, ckcsc-usa & akc champion

rosscrea bedazzled at covington

(ckcsc-usa, akc ch. rosscrea  high society x keyingham christian) 

bred by wendy taylor, rosscrea uk

7/12/02 - 4/15/16


miss lara peacfully crossed over to the rainbow bridge this afternoon where i know she will wait for me with little patience only to fill me in every second of every day on all the drama in her life and remind me just how special she is and how important it is that she get preferential treatment at all times.  god, i hope you have been watching while she was on this earth as i am sending you a handful of diva.

thank you wendy taylor for this treasure.
 
 
february 5, 2016
ckcsc-usa & akc ch covington hot shot  wins "best veteran in show"  today sahuaro kennel club at 12 years old-

huge congratuatations to his owner burk huges who adores him & joey berkau.
january 16, 2016
congratulation allyson (& susan gonyo) and ckcsc-usa & akc gch covington true blood, now 6 1/2 yrs old, on your award of merit today at the cotw specialty in carmel.
january 14, 2016
today we heard the very sad news from jacks owner, doc myer, that ch. covington burnt suede has crossed the rainbow bridge at the young age of 9.5 years from complications from lymphangiectasia, a form of inflammatory bowl disease, this can sometimes be caused by a reaction to vaccines. vaccines are important, but be careful not to over vaccinate your dogs.  for more information on vaccinations, look into www.hemopet.com

 
november 21, 2015
had such an incredible & educational day joining a small group of local cavalier breeders at an organized discussion group with neurologist dr. dani powers. dvm  from seattle veterinary specialsts for a presentation & discussions on new developements on cm/sm (syringomyelia). don't get this type of intimate opportunity in a larger seminar environment to share experiences & ask in depth questions & be able to go to specirfic slides & of mri's to see exactly what is being described.  a great day & i want thank our host & dr. dani powers.

 
november 15, 2015
new "akc ch. covington dimitri" thank you kathi ogle for believing in our mighty little dimitri & showing him to his championship. you did an incredible job kept him in excellent condition & presented him beautifully.  thank you.
 
november 4, 2015
congratulation "donny  akc gch covington hopjack at kendellcastle & his owner kathi ogle " for being #4 in 2014 & again in 2015,  akc owner handler series finalist for the  cavalier king charles spaniel.  great job kathi, tremendous committment.  
november 2, 2015

robyn & roper (akc ch. covington roper style, 12.5 years old)  married kevin james
this the absolute best part of dogs... the amazing life long relationships we build with people.  what an amazing weekend, one of the most memorable weddings i've ever attended.  hosted at the casa real ruby hill winery in pleasanton california.  best part, i got lots of snuggles with the darling roper who oversaw wedding details.


thank you allyson & susan gonyo for all your weekend hospitality as well.  it was an absolute blast!
 


october 9, 2015
 
ckcsc-usa national weekend  what an incredible day. was honored to be invited to judge the elizabeth spalding memorial show over the ckcsc-usa national specialty weekend in sacramento.  incredible entries from all over the country.  amazing dogs, amazing sportsmanship. 
september 21, 2015 

bis ckcsc-usa, akc ch. rosscrea high society at covington

6/19/99 - 9/21/15

16 years old


good bye my lovely grace.  i will miss you always.  i have loved you since the day i first laid eye's on you.  

always full of joy, never an unhappy or ill day in her life until the hourse before she left us.  

thank you wendy taylor for this exquisite creature.  she will always be so cherished and will live on through her progeny.
june 13, 2015
akc gch covington hot dish at rockcreek

paula, co-owned, resides with &  presented by judi steagall, rock creek cavaliers,  wins winners bitch at cavaliers of the northeast show under barbara hill of felicity cavaliers, usa.  huge congratulations judi & paula. so proud of you both.


april 16, 2015
akc gch. covington hot dish at rock creek
paula, co owned, resides with &  presented by judi steagall, rock creek cavaliers, wins select bitch at the ackcsc national under english breeder judge kevan berry of ricksbury fame.  way to go judi & paula....  great fun weekend in ashville north carolina.  wonderful show hosted by the national club.  


 
 







e-mail us
 
webmaster honeybet consultants



home
about us
our dogs
puppies
breed info
links

â© 2001 - 2016 greg and heidi mohn. no portion of the covingtoncavaliers.com website may be copied, re-used or quoted in any way without explicit written authorization from its owner.




