














one big construction site (a dubai blog)















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar














one big construction site : a blog about dubai














friday, february 06, 2015







tra in 2009 (on the topic of skype):

"i don't see the tra being anti-consumer," he said. "we opened up the market. we are trying to protect consumers. the tra is a government agency. we have wider issues to worry about. consumers only have their own concern to worry about." (source: http://gulfnews.com/business/telecoms/tra-denies-anti-consumer-charge-1.266598)
tra in 2015 (on the topic of actual consumer protection):

"the tra had said last year that as of may 18, only 55,555 mobile numbers had been successfully transferred out of 190,185 requests submitted in the first five months of the mobile number portability service’s availability. 

the regulator also said that the 134,222 rejected applications included some that had been resubmitted more than once by the holder of the number. 

in yesterday’s statement, the tra said that a joint team would be formed comprising the tra and the operators “to find appropriate solutions to customer complaints”.  (source: http://www.thenational.ae/business/telecoms/uae-telecoms-regulator-steps-up-oversight-into-customer-complaints)
given that it is 2015 and du and etisalat still do not have any real interconnection between their broadband networks (i.e. 0 competition) and given that roughly two thirds of all mobile portability (i.e. etisalat&gt;du or du&gt;etisalat) are failing (i.e. roughly one third competition), has the tra really done a good job of worrying about the "wider issues" thus far?




0
comments





labels:
consumer,
consumer protection,
du,
etisalat,
skype,
telecommunications regulatory authority,
tra


























saturday, november 30, 2013





american arrested for parody video in the uae





minneapolis — an american man who works in the united arab emirates has been held in a maximum-security prison for months after posting a parody video about youth culture in dubai, a rights group and family attorney said wednesday.shezanne cassim, 29, of woodbury, minn., was arrested in april and charged with violating a 2012 cybercrimes law that boosts penalties for allegedly challenging authorities, attorney susan burns said. he was moved to a maximum security prison in abu dhabi in june.

 source: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/11/shezanne-cassim-prison-united-arab-emirates-parody-video-100455.html

video can be seen here:







0
comments




























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






most popular posts


how to smoke shisha
car accidents in dubai
jobsindubai
bad etisalat customer service




blog search













twitter updates








blogroll









samurai-sam.com




fallout soundtrack released in higher quality



3 years ago











bss & brn (formerly) in al ain




the even more annual book post



5 years ago











fake plastic souks




in plain sight - five places you probably didn't know were even there



5 years ago











jayne with a why




insert brain here or maybe not.......



5 years ago











uae community blog




compare and contrast



6 years ago











blog.code.ae




sharjah center



8 years ago











dubai at random




back



9 years ago











grapeshisha




oman travel guide



10 years ago











falapeno




4 cara cepat memulai bisnis online bagi pemula



10 years ago











secret dubai diary




prophecy from 1976



10 years ago











the emirates economist




if you want max profits



10 years ago











get out of my way




another year has passed



12 years ago











dubai daily photo




event images - middle east event photography



13 years ago











adventures in dubai - your favourite number one blog




happy birthday uae



13 years ago











dubai media observer




the national: a law unto itself



13 years ago











life in dubai




see you in oz?



13 years ago











the dubai reality check




maybe i should ressurect this bitch?



14 years ago











dubai consumer mirror




"for !*^# sake, do something"



14 years ago











a secret arabian journal..




comment moderation



14 years ago











dubai sunshine




i love the uae



14 years ago











al ain taxi







17 years ago











sex and dubai


















beery mumblings


















chez sinjab


















an emirati's thoughts


















malice and mediocrity
















show 5




show all







blog archive





november 2013 (1)
      

february 2015 (1)
      






followers












subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments













 





by accessing this website, a web browser (user) is familiar with and accepts the following disclaimer: some/all of this blog is written as parody/satire/opinion; it is not to be taken seriously. this blog is only provided for informational purposes; the accuracy of any information contained within is not the responsibility of the author. the author is not responsible for people that quote this blog, use or reference information contained within it.the views expressed by the author of this site do not necessarily reflect the views of those who link to this site, the views of this site’s web host, or any other organization, service, logo, insignia or avatar in any way connected with this site.this website and comments within often links to external content, please be aware that this is not produced by me, it may be obscene, prurient, useless, hate speech or pornographic. this site in no way condones, endorses or takes responsibility for such content. comments on this site are the sole responsibility of their writers and the accuracy and completeness of comment content is not guaranteed. all content unless otherwise specified, are the property of the blog author. if you wish to use this content, you must provide adequate credit. information regarding your visit including your ip address, along with other information submitted by your browser, including, but not exclusively, geographical domain, browser software, operating system, screen resolution, and link passed through are collected and may be stored. by visiting this website, or contributing in the comment section you are willingly broadcasting your ip address, and it may be listed to users at the author’s discretion. this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. ("google"). google analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google’s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. by using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. google's use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the internet. users may opt out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy contact: sam@samurai-sam.com  




































