


















hospitality  | shawcontract





































































































































































































































































































 








about usresources contact usregion: en-approductstechnicaldesignsustainabilitysegments

save to board








community tile and respite coretec application in a guest room






the key to welcome in hospitality environments across apac



from delighting guests to supporting housekeeping, we aim to make a smarter impact by developing products that are designed for hospitality environments in apac, as flooring is a vital part of the guest experience.



















how can flooring create an unforgettable stay? 









from tourist to business traveler, today’s hotel guests expect comfort. whether they’re ready to sink into a plush pillow-top bed after a cross-country flight, or unwind after a busy afternoon at the theme park, guests need a refuge that relaxes and rejuvenates.  



the first step in an unforgettable stay starts with flooring. shaw contract makes a smarter impact in the apac hospitality industry by developing hospitality-focused solutions that create warm welcomes and a strong sense of place. 










hospitality categories 










suited collection






our hospitality segment provides solutions for:casinoscinemasconvention centershotelsmotelsrestaurants 












hospitality collections 






create an inviting experience 













community                                        






a mega-collection of carpet tile, coretec evt and broadloom designed to create a sense of community.                                    















respite                                        






an xrc coretec product that is water-resistant and durable.                                    















haven                                        






a carpet tile collection that brings the feeling of home to all the places life takes us.                                    













product solutions 






flooring for a welcoming stay 













resilient                                        






combine the look of fine finishes with durability in coretec & lvt floorings that can withstand heavy traffic.                                     





learn more                                













carpet tile                                        






the ability to replace a small section of flooring keeps hotel operations running smoothly.                                     





learn more                                













broadloom                                        






explore wall-to-wall soft surface floor covering solutions.                                    





learn more                                













rugs                                        






exquisite impressions is our premier collection of running line rugs made in asia.                                    





learn more                                













brand standards                                        






we can help you honor the aesthetic representation of the brand and its vision.                                    





learn more                                













foundry                                        






our digital customisation and visualisation tool for your hospitality floorings.                                    





learn more                                












living systems collection and stratum nordic coretec in a suite application






smarter impact for hospitality spaces



from delighting guests to supporting housekeeping, we develop products that create a smarter impact for hospitality spaces. explore how our carpet tile and resilient products could help extend your guests' stay!



                            download brochure

                        
















visualise with foundry 





use shaw contract’s digital customisation and visualisation tool, foundry, to explore colours and patterns for your next hospitality project.  





                        view foundry
                    























hoshino resort beb5 karuizawa 







hoshino resort beb5 karuizawa


designed by tatsuro sasaki architects. 2019 shaw contract design awards category winner












featured collection: vertical layers




















do not disturb 





sound advisor™ helps you hear the acoustic difference between a variety of hard and soft surfaces. 





                        learn more
                    








accountresourcescareersprivacy statementterms of use© 2025 shaw industries group, inc., a berkshire hathaway companyget notified of new product launches!










