











institute on aging – office of the vice chancellor for research & school of medicine and public health – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









institute on aging

office of the vice chancellor for research & school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





home
about us
expand


collapse



mission/vision
history
staff
diversity, equity, and inclusion


research
expand


collapse



midus
osteoporosis
emotions & preclinical alzheimer’s disease
emotion & wellness


ioa affiliates
education
outreach
expand


collapse



annual colloquium
eloquence & eminence
events calendar
newsletters
recent midus findings
mailing list


resources
join us
donate
 








 




welcome to the uw–madison institute on aging!
our center is a hub of cutting-edge research on health and well-being as individuals travel across the decades of adult life.  we look outward to broad influences of class, culture, and race/ethnicity as well as inward to fine-grained influences of biology, genetics, and neuroscience.  between these two, we examine proximal influences from work and family life, personal thoughts and feelings, and health practices and behaviors. collectively, our work:

emphasizes the potential and strengths of individuals as they age
improves understanding of pathways to disease and impairments of growing older
advances knowledge of resilience in the face of challenge and adversity

in 2023, we celebrated the 50th birthday of the institute on aging!
read about our history and achievements.

 
 
 
 




latest newsletters
our newsletters inform researchers and members of the general public about current advances coming out of uw research on aging and national research from ioa’s midlife in the united states (midus) study. visit our newsletters page to learn more.

 



ioa newsletter
aging news



 



midus newsletter
neighborhoods



 
 
 
 


 





 



midlife in the u.s.
the midus (midlife in the united states) study is hosted by the uw–madison institute on aging.

                  learn more                


 


 
 
 
 




events & opportunities
28th annual emeritus faculty lecture series: eloquence & eminence
wednesday, march 5, 2025 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm at pyle center, uw–madison
35 years of struggling to understand family change and the effects of family policy by daniel r. meyer, ph.d.
midus affective neuroscience project postdoctoral fellow
this postdoctoral position will analyze and publish on data from the national longitudinal midlife in the us study.
t32 training grant: biology of aging & age related diseases
the biology of aging and age-related diseases t32 training grant is currently looking for postdocs interested in joining the program.
usc leonard davis school of gerontology
learn about gerontology certificate and degree programs, as well as research opportunities on aging.
get involved!
check out what’s happening at the institute on aging.

 
 
 
 




diversity, equity, and inclusion statement
the uw–madison institute on aging embraces diversity as a source of strength, creativity, and innovation in carrying out its broad mission.  as a place of work, we value the contributions of each employee, respecting individual identities, cultural backgrounds, abilities, and opinions.  as a research institute, we are committed to advancing knowledge about health and well-being in adulthood and later life with awareness of differences defined by demographic factors (age, gender, race/ethnicity, socioeconomic status) and wide-ranging psychological and social factors.  as a forum for outreach, application, and public health education, we welcome the participation of all who want to learn about the work that we do.  our ultimate goal is to be inclusive.

 



uw–madison land acknowledgement

the university of wisconsin–madison occupies ancestral ho-chunk land, a place their nation called teejop (day-jope) since time immemorial. in an 1832 treaty, the ho-chunk were forced to cede this territory. decades of ethnic cleansing followed when both the federal and state government repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, sought to forcibly remove the ho-chunk from wisconsin.
we acknowledge the circumstances that led to the forced removal of the ho-chunk people, and honor their legacy of resistance and resilience.  we recognize and respect the inherent sovereignty of the ho-chunk nation as well as all the first nations within the boundaries of the state of wisconsin.

 
 
 
 




to learn more about aging-related research conducted at the university of wisconsin–madison, visit the websites of the institute on aging affiliates.

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
institute on agingoffice of the vice chancellor for research
school of medicine and public health


contact us1300 university avenue
2245 medical sciences center
madison, wi 53706
 map
map marker


email: aging@ssc.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-1818

youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: aging@ssc.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













