






micr encoding fonts for bank check printing by idautomation






























home

fonts 
home
 order micr 
fonts

download 
micr fonts

micr toner






  idautomation micr encoding fonts
micr e-13b and cmc-7 fonts allow users to print micr encoding for bank checks, bank drafts and other specialized micr printing applications:



micr e13b


micr cmc7







 idautomation micr e-13b and cmc-7 fonts allow users 
to print micr encoding for bank checks, bank drafts and other specialized 
micr printing applications from windows, dos, mac, linux, unix 
and other computer systems supporting truetype, opentype, postscript 
or pcl laserjet soft fonts. implementing solutions with micr fonts provides 
a high level of scalability with operating system, application and printer 
independence. learn more about the quality of 
idautomation fonts.
.net developers: if developers would rather implement 
micr as a .net component that creates and prints micr images without 
fonts, evaluate the
.net micr forms 
control or the
asp.net micr server 
control.





micr e-13b and cmc-7 font features:

the 
		idautomationmicr font is a special font used on bank checks and 
drafts in the united states, canada, puerto rico, panama, uk, and a few other 
countries to print micr characters for magnetic recognition and optical 
character recognition systems. the idautomationmicr font contains ten specially 
designed numeric characters 0 through 9, and the four special symbols: transit, 
amount, on-us and dash.  

the 
		idautomationcmc7 font is a special micr barcode font used in 
mexico, france, spain and most spanish speaking countries to print characters 
for magnetic recognition and optical character recognition systems. the 
idautomationcmc7 micr font contains ten specially designed numeric characters 0 
through 9, and five special symbols.  

both the micr e13b and cmc-7 fonts were created according to 
iso (international standards organization) specifications. the micr 
e13b font also complies with strict aba and ansi standards. 
visual basic source code (for micr e13b only) is included with 
every order. the vb source code has been extracted from a working 
check printing application and should provide ideas as well as guidance 
for automated methods of printing bank checks with the micr e-13b 
font.
after purchasing the micr e13b font license, the micr font placement 
guidelines will be released. the micr font placement guidelines 
have been compiled from the iso standards for micr e-13b fonts and 
are summarized in an easy-to-understand document.
24 versions of the micr e13-b and 4 versions of the cmc-7 font 
are provided in truetype, opentype, postscript and pcl to support 
different print intensities. 
the truetype versions of the micr e13b and cmc-7 fonts are compatible 
with all versions of microsoft windows including windows 10 and server 2016. 
			
binary and ascii versions of the postscript versions of the 
micr font are provided. 
separate postscript and truetype files are also provided for 
support of mac systems.

  idautomation offers secure, encrypted online 
ordering by credit card and immediate delivery via download 
after the order is approved.




order the micr e-13b fonts


order the micr cmc-7 fonts

note: it is recommended to use high-quality micr toner with 
micr fonts; 
order micr toner or supplies. all online ordering is secure.



barcode fonts
components
scanners
contact 
		us

© copyright idautomation.com. all rights 
	reserved. 
	legal notices. translated to french 
and spanish.




