




the black stallion by walter farley - tim farley's official site


























































skip to content












email





facebook









 
the black stallion


					black stallion ranch – the official fan site by tim farley				


menu
home
news
shop
black stallion

walter farley
books

the first book
the series
picture books & others
audio books, iphone and others
buy books


movies

the black stallion® (1979)
black stallion returns (1983)
young black stallion (2004)
buy movies




experience

young black stallion
photos
videos and trailers
comic books
drawings
posters and paintings
the farleys
big black horse
book covers


community

links and resources
comments and letters


contact
 










 



















			belmont stakes today!!		



			june 8, 2024		



is it seize the grey? sierra leone? mystic dan? on fox. saratoga is a shorter track so get set for a fast trip!! where: saratoga race course, saratoga springs, new york when: june 8, 2024 post time: 6:41 p.m. et distance: 1 1⁄4 mile purse: $2 million 1. seize the grey (8-1) trainer: wayne lukas | jockey: jaime torres 2. resilience (10-1) trainer: bill mott | jockey: junior alvarado 3. mystik dan (5-1) trainer: kenny mcpeek | jockey: brian hernandez jr. 4. the wine steward (15-1) trainer: mike maker… read more


	tim farley













			preakness!!		



			may 17, 2024		



flying horses!! read more


	tim farley





			kentucky derby 2024		



			may 2, 2024		



is it going to be the favorite fierceness? or sierra leone? or the heart favorite honor marie? gotta watch to know ,,, and play to win! always bet on the black stallion! when: saturday, may 4coverage starts: 2:30 p.m. etpost time: 6:57 p.m. etwhere: churchill downs, louisville kentuckytv: nbc 1. dornoch (20-1) 2. sierra leone (3-1) 3. mystik dan (20-1) 4. catching freedom (8-1) 5. catalytic (30-1) 6. just steel (20-1) 7. honor marie (20-1)… read more


	tim farley













			preakness 2023		



			may 19, 2023		



mage national treasure blazing sevens no. 1 post: national treasure, 4-1no. 2 post: chase the chaos, 50-1no. 3 post: mage, 8-5no. 4 post: coffeewithchris, 20-1no. 5 post: red route one, 10-1no. 6 post: perform, 15-1no. 7 post: blazing sevens, 6-1 mage, the fave and derby winner? or national treasure the baffert trained colt that would make baffert the winningest trainer with 8 career wins at plimlico – he’s been banned from the derby for two… read more


	tim farley













			special derby post!!		



			may 5, 2023		



dad & shelley groom & orzel secretariat painting by shelley for the 2023 we have a special guest post about some of the greatest horses of all time!! by our friend tobi lopez taylor.thanks for reading … and writing! remembering two racing champions: secretariat and orzel guest post by tobi lopez taylor this weekend marks the 50th anniversary of secretariat’s triumph in the 1973 kentucky derby, which he would soon follow up with victories in… read more


	tim farley













			classic black stallion!!!		



			april 10, 2023		



new article on the black and kelly! https://www.thoroughbredracing.com/articles/5835/black-stallion-bonafide-classic-among-greatest-horse-fables/ read more


	tim farley








        about walter farley    




walter farley & al-marah athena
walter farley’s love for horses began when he was a small boy living in syracuse, new york, and continued as he grew up in new york city, where his family moved. young walter never owned a horse. but unlike most city children, he had little trouble gaining firsthand experience with horses-his uncle was a professional horseman, and walter spent much of his time at the stables with him.
find out more…







        welcome to black stallion ranch!    




the black stallion – hardback book – 1941
join us in celebrating the excitement and adventures of my father’s famous wild horse, “the black stallion”!
black stallion is as fascinating today as he was 70 years ago when my dad, walter farley, dreamed of him running free in the desert. his school story, started on his the kitchen table, carried us around the world by a stallion that the new york times called “… about the most famous horse of the century.”
visit our zazzle store offering a variety of fantastic fan products.




bucephalus solid bronze
in case you are looking for the exclusive original bucephaus figurine in bronze or silver from the black stallion movie you have also come to the right place! visit our gift shop to find a few really neat items.
have you missed any tv episodes of, “adventures of the black stallion” or the imax version of “the young black stallion” movie? have you experienced the magic of “black stallion returns” in the sahara desert? want to relive alec’s first ride on the beach in the original “the black stallion”? you can find it here!




big black horse – beginner picture book
there are comics and other works you may have never seen, magazine articles from the past and present, ebooks and foreign language books, too. also we offer extensive archives to help any horse or school project.
this site is dedicated to the world of your imagination and all things “black stallion”. explore the history and excitement – it’s all here at theblackstallion.com























        letter from tim farley    




join us in celebrating the excitement and adventures of my father’s famous wild horse, “the black stallion”! black stallion is as fascinating today as he was 70 years ago when my dad, walter farley, dreamed of him running free in the desert. his school story, started on his the kitchen table, carried us around the world by a stallion that the new york times called “… about the most famous horse of the century.” this site is dedicated to the world of your imagination and all things “black stallion”.
on the news blog we often have free contests in art, writing or just for fun. we gather information about exciting new horse books and classic ones too. a variety of children’s books, horse movies and current horse topics are explored weekly.
we’re always looking for new “news” to share so if you have something special please drop me a line at stallionfanmail@aol.com or on alec ramsay’s facebook page.
if you are a school, teacher or student and you’re interested in participating in any of our live events, or volunteering with our non-profit reading program, be sure to visit wildhorsetales.org (formerly known as horse tales literacy project).
in case you are looking for the exclusive original bucephaus figurine in bronze or silver from the black stallion movie you have also come to the right place! visit our gift shop to find a few really neat items.
enjoy the ride!
~ tim farley







now accepting bitcoin (btc) and xrp at the gift shop
download the xumm app
as of end of august 2021 we are accepting your btc and xrp as payment for our store products at the gift shop. your btc payment is processed directly to us. your xrp payment is processed through the xumm app (xumm.app) available for ios and android directly from your xrp wallet to ours.
during the checkout process select “pay with bitcoin” or  “xrp via xumm” and you will be presented with an address to send your payment to as well as an option to scan a qrcode for btc or xrp with your xumm app from your mobile phone for the payment request. review the transaction and approve it on your phone. payment is immediately processed and your order will continue from there. visit the gift shop.











 
“black stallion” book covers from around the world



















		news	















			belmont stakes today!!		



			june 8, 2024		



is it seize the grey? sierra leone? mystic dan? on fox. saratoga is a shorter track so get set for a fast trip!! where: saratoga race course, saratoga springs, new york when: june 8, 2024 post time: 6:41 p.m. et distance: 1 1⁄4 mile purse: $2 million 1. seize the grey… read more














			preakness!!		



			may 17, 2024		



flying horses!!
read more






			kentucky derby 2024		



			may 2, 2024		



is it going to be the favorite fierceness? or sierra leone? or the heart favorite honor marie? gotta watch to know ,,, and play to win! always bet on the black stallion! when: saturday, may 4coverage starts: 2:30 p.m. etpost time: 6:57 p.m. etwhere: churchill downs, louisville kentuckytv: nbc 1.… read more














			preakness 2023		



			may 19, 2023		



mage national treasure blazing sevens no. 1 post: national treasure, 4-1no. 2 post: chase the chaos, 50-1no. 3 post: mage, 8-5no. 4 post: coffeewithchris, 20-1no. 5 post: red route one, 10-1no. 6 post: perform, 15-1no. 7 post: blazing sevens, 6-1 mage, the fave and derby winner? or national treasure the… read more
















			special derby post!!		



			may 5, 2023		



dad & shelley groom & orzel secretariat painting by shelley for the 2023 we have a special guest post about some of the greatest horses of all time!! by our friend tobi lopez taylor.thanks for reading … and writing! remembering two racing champions: secretariat and orzel guest post by tobi… read more














			classic black stallion!!!		



			april 10, 2023		



new article on the black and kelly! https://www.thoroughbredracing.com/articles/5835/black-stallion-bonafide-classic-among-greatest-horse-fables/ read more














			free fun event! ocala, fl		



			january 21, 2023		



should be a great evening!! the black stallion challenge cup; a salute to literacy.      come join us as all five marion county school board members, the superintendent of schools, the mayor of ocala, and the sheriff of marion county compete for the cup.    coached by world class professionals. … read more














			belmont 2022		



			june 10, 2022		



rich strike can rich strike do it again? or is it we the people – political favorite! or mo donagal? you gotta watch to see the action – c’mon you can spare the two minutes! post time saturday june 11  – 6:45 nbc – tv coverage starts at # here’s… read more









 








 

the black stallion logo is a registered trademark.
black stallion ranch - the official fan site by tim farley.


news stay updated with the latest news about the black stallion shared by tim farley himself in the news section.

forums visit our forum and register to make part of the lively black stallion fan community.

 

visit the black stallion gift shop for exclusive bucephalus figurines and other great items.

 


		copyright © 2017 the black stallion inc. all rights reserved.	


 














