





index page








 

 

 










 

























 


welcome to the ontario architecture website
click 
            here for the schools page
this is a non-profit educational website developed 
            to help you appreciate architecture both in ontario and the rest of 
            the world. the website is in two parts:



building 
                  styles
is an explanation of some of the architectural 
                  styles that you will find in ontario canada. find these on the 
                  left of the glossary page or on 
                  the building styles page. the building 
                  styles page takes longer to load because there are a great 
                  many pictures. 
to describe the buildings it is necessary 
                  to use architectural terms. for those not familiar with these 
                  terms, there are links in both the text and the image. move 
                  your cursor over the picture and you will can find links to 
                  pages describing these architectural terms. don't forget about 
                  the back button.

this website was made to help people of all ages appreciate 
                  the architecture in their own town or city. architecture is 
                  the most accessible of all the art forms, and once you start 
                  looking at buildings, you will never stop. 
by looking at the different styles of architecture and understanding 
                  the terms and where they came from, you may find that buildings 
                  that you have known for years become more interesting. 
the architectural styles described are all from ontario canada, 
                  but the "vocabulary" of the buildings is often hundreds 
                  or thousands of years old. for further reading, there is a bibliography 
                  on the page "about this site".
 



building 
                  terms
is an 
                  explanation of some architectural terms. these are found on 
                  the right side of the glossary page 
                  and on the building terms pages. because 
                  there are so many pictures, the building 
                  terms pages take much more time to load than the glossary, 
                  but if you are looking for a particular architectural feature 
                  and can't remember the name, you may find it in these pages.
the building terms 
                  section was set up for many reasons. almost all building styles 
                  in canada originated somewhere else. some terms pages will give 
                  you a historical perspective. for example, 

ionic columns originated in greece before 500 b.c. these columns 
                  can be found in classical revival 
                  and neo-classical architecture 
                  in canada, the united states and europe. pages on greek 
                  architecture , the ionic order, 
                  columns, architraves, 
                  cornices, volutes 
                  etc. will illustrate some of the origins of these building terms.


drip molds and label 
                    stops, along with finials, scalloping, 
                    bargeboarding, cantilevering, 
                    molding and other detailing are 
                    indicative of gothic or medieval 
                    building styles. these can be found in gothic 
                    revival, neo-gothic and period 
                    revival styles in canada, the united states, and europe.
many other terms are included simply for interest 
                    and inspiration. 

 





 




copyright notice
all text and images within "ontarioarchitecture.com", 
          are owned and/or copyright ©2000-2010 by shannon kyles unless otherwise 
          indicated. all rights reserved. no part of this page, or those connected 
          via links, either text, or images may be used for any purpose other 
          than personal use. storage, reproduction, modification on a retrieval 
          system or transmission, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, 
          photocopying or otherwise, without prior written permission of the copyright 
          © holder is prohibited. this includes storage on another internet 
          website other than "ontarioarchitecture.com".

 
        the webmistress - shannon@ontarioarchitecture 
          dot ca

this is a free, non-profit website. if you 
              have found it useful and would like to contribute to its continued 
              success, your donation can be securely accepted through paypal below.






thank-you.

  
      


















