













godfrey & kahn: gklaw



























skip to content




practicespeopleinsights & events







careersabouttrust client online access






menu





practicespeopleinsights & events


careersabouttrust client online access



 
            









 
  

we think business
considering a deal? we can help. our team of 50+ transactional attorneys has earned a reputation in the market as highly effective dealmakers.
learn more


main content


your strategic m&a partners
our corporate and mergers & acquisitions attorneys help businesses navigate complex legal issues related to buying, selling, and operating a company. we're skilled advisors on corporate governance, securities offerings, financing transactions, and negotiating contracts to achieve our clients' objectives and manage risk. why choose us? our practice is proud to be band 1 ranked by chambers & partners.
learn more
please wait while we gather your results.high-stakes litigation: our winning approach
when confronting high-stakes legal disputes with significant financial and reputational implications, our litigators can help. we combine a deep understanding of our client's business operations with unmatched legal strategy and exceptional analytical skills to achieve favorable outcomes. from white-collar investigations to patent infringement, and corporate governance disputes to antitrust lawsuits, we have the sophistication and sensitivity to assist clients facing the most serious issues.
learn more

please wait while we gather your results.
protecting and preserving your wealth
our trust and estate planning attorneys provide comprehensive solutions to high-net-worth individuals and families involving strategic planning, preservation, and protection of their assets and finances through a variety of legal, financial, and investment strategies.
for 60+ years we have focused on estate, business, and tax planning. we utilize cutting-edge technology to provide comprehensive accounting services to our clients, and we continue to be recognized for our sophisticated and innovative estate planning practice.
we handle estate and trust disputes, representing fiduciaries, beneficiaries, and grantors, with a deep understanding of the lasting complexities involved.
learn more


considering a deal?
wisconsin’s business leaders trust their important legal matters to godfrey & kahn’s corporate and m&a team. with more than 50 corporate attorneys handling over 100 transactions annually, we have built a solid reputation as skilled deal makers.

50+
corporate attorneys
100+
transactions annually


open allclose alloffices across wisconsin and the u.s.we have locations in milwaukee, madison, green bay, appleton, and eau claire, wisconsin as well as in washington d.c.
consistent and high-achieving resultsyear after year, our practice groups are ranked among the top statewide. our corporate/m&a practice is ranked band one by chambers usa.
legal solutions for successwe prioritize understanding your business to deliver tailored legal solutions and build strong client relationships.
five core valuesour firm was founded on five core values: a focus on client success; trust in one another and our clients; a culture of teamwork that helps us achieve more; a strong work ethic; and integrity that keeps us focused on the right thing to do.
working at godfrey & kahn

dei commitment
own your career
community engagement
law students



carol gehl
shareholder
corporate & securities

as the past leader of the securities team, i know what it takes to become a shareholder, and as a wife and mother i also know what it takes to raise a family. the firm offered me the flexibility to do both.




brett koeller
shareholder
corporate & securities

i realized early on that i would have many opportunities to take on increasing responsibility both internally and externally. those opportunities have helped me build my career. 




sara lieungh
legal executive assistant

i have been an assistant here for over 20 years. as our founders built the firm, i witnessed first-hand their passion for client service and teamwork and how it shaped the culture of the firm.


subscribe to our newsletters

need to stay current on the latest news, trends and regulatory issues impacting your business? complete the form below to receive relevant legal updates, exclusive event invitations and other timely information from godfrey & kahn attorneys.
  
   

subscribe



terralex is one of the largest and most selective global law firm networks. through godfrey & kahn’s association with terralex, we have access to a worldwide network of 17,000 attorneys in more than 155 top independent law firms located in 100 countries and throughout the united states.









 
client login

milwaukee
madison
green bay
appleton
eau claire
washington, d.c.

disclaimer and legal notices
accessibility statement
manage cookie preferences
 
copyright © 2025 godfrey & kahn, s.c.
















