







westwood church, st. cloud | a community of jesus followers in central minnesota.









































































new?
about

leadership
what we believe
employment
contact


connect

serve
join a group
events
discover westwood


resources

watch
bulletin
race & justice
helpful websites
leading groups


ministries

adults
dash (50+)
groups
men’s ministry
women’s ministry
kidcity
students
the link
worship
missions
families
care


give












watch now

bulletin



 











welcome

stay up to date

followfollowfollow












  join us | sundays at 9:00 or 10:30am



watch now







the latest







congregational meeting






we will be having a congregational meeting on sunday, february 23, following the 10:30am service. all are welcome to attend & childcare is available! we will provide an update on possible building renovations, vote in new members and provide a few other updates about westwood. please sign up below for childcare.






sign up here

to sign up for upcoming events, see our online bulletin.



connect this week & beyond
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































discover & equip







want to get to know westwood and discover how you can make it stronger? whether you’ve been here for a week or twenty years, we believe our discovery classes will help you connect here!
during our discover class (wed. feb 19 at 7pm), we’ll share the story of our church, our values, doctrinal essentials and our mission, along with the distinctive characteristics that make our church such a good fit for the many people who call the st. cloud area their home!
our equip class (sun. feb 2 at 10:30am & wed. feb 19 at 8pm) will help you better understand god’s plan for the local church, discover your spiritual gifts and identify ways and maybe even places god has designed you for service. at the end, we also provide an opportunity for you to take the next steps toward becoming formal members of westwood.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































get connected








transform
get plugged into a small group of people who are committed to building meaningful relationships, growing deeper in their faith, and impacting the community.



find a group






empower
once you’ve discovered your spiritual gifts, or “where you belong” in the church, it’s time to take action. play music, teach kids, cook food – whatever you were made to do.



 view opportunities






engage
how do you go beyond sunday? learn ways to reach out into our community and with our mission partners to reach the world for christ.



see mission partners











current sunday message series

spiritual growth for a new year

as we consider a new year and new resolutions, often even our best intentions fall short. we get excited to exercise, lose weight, start a new hobby, only to see them fade as the months roll by. the same is true in our spiritual life. but, what if instead of doing something new, we began to invite god into our everyday lives? doing things that i’m already doing, but in a new way. in this series, we will look at 5 practices we can begin doing today: learning to live in jesus’ name, using the right measurement for spiritual growth, committing to a life of devotion, listening to god’s leadings, and discovering my spiritual pathway to being with jesus.

watch past messages

group discussion guide



 









unlikely people. uncommon good.

we are a family of unlikely people courageously and sacrificially showing christ’s love to the world in everyday ways.



office hours:m-th 9am-4pmf by appt. only

(320) 230-6700 info@westwoodstcloud.org 5719 walnut dr, st. cloud, mn 56303

followfollowfollow



 



































