 zia engineering – & environmental consultants llc      
skip to contenthomehistorypeopleleadersservicescontractingcorp infocareerscontactseaport nxgstaff login

toggle menu

zia has evolved as a technically diverse engineering and environmental consulting firm. our people are devoted to providing creative, tailored solutions that bring value to our clients and are conscientious of the need to deliver environmentally responsible projects and designs.qualitycommitmentservicezia news releasesgsa awards zia long term environmental consulting services contractthe general services administration (gsa) has awarded zia a new…

read more	zia teams to conduct paleo monitoring and biological mitigation survey for the east mesa public recreation complex phase i and sonoma springs avenue in las cruces, nmthe city of las cruces is planning to construct the…

read more	zia provides environmental services for the proposed las cruces innovation and industrial parkthe city of las cruces is developing the las cruces…

read more	zia teams complete survey of blue water canyon for blmzia cultural resource management professionals closed out 2021 with the…

read more	zia receives nm covid-safe certified designationafter successfully completing the required employee training in covid safe…

read more	zia environmental technicians – “ninja turtles” – provide aid in detecting covid-19providing another tool in the fight to detect and control…

read more	zia support to nri – usda nrcs overcomes 2021 covid challenges and looks ahead to 2022zia recently completed six years of ongoing support for the…

read more	nrcs cultural resources surveys total thousands of acres across new mexicosince 2018 zia’s cultural resource professionals have been conducting intensive…

read more	zia supports spaceport americaspaceport america was the original purpose-built space launch facility in…

read more	efast provides rapid support capability to the faazia’s efast master ordering agreement (moa) contract vehicle with the…

read more	what our customers say:truly a joy to work with!zia environmental navigated an extremely contentious project with us. they not only proved to be responsive, professional, and knowledgeable in their area of expertise, but they also always took the time to thoroughly explain pertinent information and address the opposing parties (baseless) concerns immediately. they are truly a joy to work with and we look forward to continuing our partnership on future projects.pg enterprises, llcvery capable and offer a diverse array of services!i have worked with zia engineering for the last six years on numerous projects both completed and current. they are very capable and offer a diverse array of services with staff that are well trained for their various specialties. i would highly recommend zia engineering.cbi holdings, inc.professional and timely!zia is professional and timely on all projects that we have worked with them on. they are quick to respond to any questions or comments and stick to the project timelines. we appreciate their positive attitude and will continue to keep working with them in the future.galloway, inc.phenomenal job of dealing with and adapting to each new challenge!thank you for the work that you did to accomplish the cleanup and closure of the gibson fryburg site! this was a major project that presented a number of surprises during excavation, and your on‐site crew did a phenomenal job of dealing with and adapting to each new challenge. i’m certain that their cooperation and flexibility were due in large part to your guidance and instruction, and i thank you for your part in ensuring that the project kept moving forward, rather than stalling at each unexpected turn of events.gibson energy, inc.willingness to work as a team to achieve!recommendations are expressions of past experience, business relationships, performance, competence, and the ability to work in a team environment. our company has many years of working with zia engineering on multi‐tasked projects from land planning, civil engineering, utilities, traffic analysis to conception development. zia engineering has provided numerous services for our company with timely delivery and accurate engineering services. we appreciate their willingness to work as a team to achieve our company’s business objectives. i would recommend their company to any prospective client.alameda land and investment companycomprehensive, timely and expert fieldwork, reporting and document preparation!zia provided an excellent response to a major request for proposal issued on behalf of my cultural resources/natural resources/nepa program at holloman air force base. their response demonstrated that they thoroughly considered our data and resource management needs. then, with comprehensive, timely and expert fieldwork, reporting and document preparation, zia delivered excellent results that answered our needs. i am well pleased with their work.holloman afbperforms all work on time!performs all work such as hazardous wastes, environmental assessments, and archaeological and biological surveys on time, even if we need something with a very fast turnaround.wsmr test facilitypast and present clients:© 2025 zia engineering & environmental consultants llc  



homehistorypeopleleadersservicescontractingcorp infocareerscontactseaport nxg           


