




  






homeseattle southside chamber of commerce, wa for businesses - seattle southside chamber of commerce, wa


























 

















































 toggle navigation   





home
about us
advocacy

membership

membership directory
member login portal
membership information
marketing opportunities
sponsorship opportunities



programs

calendar
2025 events
our committees
labor and industries resources
hot deals - digital coupon book
job search


certificates of origin
success foundation

























come connect with our community!












































































































































engage - enhance - enrich






membership starts at $315 and is open to any business or organization interested in increasing their presence in the seattle southside region.














join our network today!



























together we are stronger!
serving the southside communities of burien, des moines, normandy park, seatac, and tukwila and beyond since 1988, we are dedicated to creating the most vibrant, equitable, and inclusive region by advocating and building awareness for business.






















                                                    downtown burien
                                                










                                                    fourth of july fireworks 
                                                










                                                    westfield southcenter mall, tukwila 
                                                










                                                    highline botanical garden in seatac 
                                                










                                                    des moines marina 
                                                












chambers have no borders! 
there is no shortage of opportunities for you and your business. there isn’t a limit, line, or boundary you can create that will restrict the growth of ideas. the chamber of commerce can help you, no matter who you are or where you live, to expand and support your business. chambers do this by focusing on all puget sound regions, bringing opportunity to your community, and supporting the individual needs of each business and person.













supporting over 3,000 businesses and 180,000+ workers with $100 billion in annual revenue.

the chamber brings together policymakers, community leaders, and the business community to advocate for local, regional and washington state businesses in south king county to protect the rights of business owners, grow our economy, increase our workforce development, and improve the overall business climate. 
we maintain a strong presence by uniting the voices of our business community at the state capital in every legislative cycle.




















stay updated & engaged























join our dedicated committees to help improve our southside community



























































the chamber office is open monday - thursday 9 am to 4 pm. 
please call ahead to ensure the party you want to meet with is available. 














the chamber's office will be closed for president's day on monday, february 17th, 2025 







 

samantha le 
president/ceo
executive director for the success foundation

samantha@seattlesouthsidechamber.com 
(206) 575 1633 x 111













schedule a meeting with samantha










































































































































































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events


























































































stay connected with us












facebook







twitter







linkedin







instagram







youtube































 







































































































 






 
 


















proud members of     







unless otherwise noted, all professional
photographs are courtesy of:














crain photography
















 seattle southside chamber of commerce

 4800 south 188th street, suite 250, seatac, wa 98188

 206. 575.1633

 staff@seattlesouthsidechamber.com














© copyright 2025 seattle southside chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.






















