












arms of love international























skip to the content








home
about us

our story
our team
our children
our core values
legal & financial


what’s new at arms of love
crisis response
serve

volunteer
short-term service team
pray


give

sponsor a child
community development
independent living program
alternative gifts
tragedy into triumph


donate












donor update:
we began transitioning our donation process to network for good (bonterra). if your recurring gift has not been updated yet, please access the new giving form linked in the menu above. thanks for your continued generosity!questions? info@armsoflove.org

our mission is simple
















beginning in 2000, the mission of arms of love is to give abandoned and abused children in nicaragua and the philippines a home, a family, and a future, with the hope that they will become the leaders of tomorrow in their communities and churches. in 2013, our mission expanded in both countries and now also focuses on helping vulnerable children in our local neighborhoods who are highly susceptible to illness, hunger, lack of education, trafficking, and exploitation due to extreme poverty.











400,000,000
children live in extreme poverty.
(world bank, 2010)
find out more





volunteer




donate




sponsor






locations

learn more about our homes in nicaragua and the philippines.


nicaragua
philippines











join our prayer team

            we believe prayer is powerful! get involved by praying for children who are orphaned, abused or living in extreem poverty around the world. learn more about being a partner in prayer!
        
join


questions?
we look forward to connecting with you.

contact us today > 







menu

home
connect
make a difference
donate



more

latest news
volunteer opportunities
contact us!



contact us












        arms of love international
        2973 harbor blvd #535
        costa mesa, ca 92626
        877-armsoflove
        


    arms of love international is a registered 501(c)(3), tax id 77-0527246. gifts are tax-deductible (consult your cpa). 
        © 2025 arms of love international





site developed by barbra lashbrook | directive consulting





