



aml - home







 










advanced manufacturing laboratory     












 

								welcome to the advanced manufacturing laboratory
here 
								we focus on the scientific investigation of 
								advanced manufacturing processes to improve 
								quality and productivity in industry, as well as 
								advanced robotic techniques for industrial and 
								health care applications.  much of our work 
								accomplishes this via laser technologies.


								recent publications









laser forming of 
									sandwich panels with metal foam cores, 
									(2018)t. bucher, s. cardenas, r. werma, w. 
									li, y.l. yao.
laser forming 
									allows bending metal foam sandwich panels up 
									to large angles without reducing the 
									shock-absorption capacity of the foam core 
									or delaminating the metallic facesheets. 
									this technology opens up many potential 
									applications in the aerospace, automotive, 
									and energy industries.

								 





interlaminar toughening of 
								fiber-reinforced polymers by synergistic 
								modification of resin and fiber, 
								(2019). 
bian, 
								d., tsui, j.c., kydd, r.r., shim, d.j., jones, 
								m., yao, y.l.


								the synergistic effect of combining different 
								modification 
								methods was investigated in this study to 
								improve the interlaminar toughness and 
								delamination resistance of fiber 
								reinforced polymers (frp). epoxy-compatible 
								polysulfone (psu) was end-capped with epoxide 
								group through functionalization, and the fiber 
								surface was chemically grafted with an amino 
								functional group to form a micron-size rough 
								surface. consequently, the long chain of psu 
								entangles into cross-linked thermoset epoxy 
								network, additionally, epoxide group on psu 
								further improves the bonding through chemical 
								connection to the epoxy network and amino group 
								on the fiber 
								surface. the feasibility of using this method in 
								vacuum-assisted resin transfer molding was 
								determined by rheometry. the chemical modifications 
								were characterized by raman spectroscopy to 
								determine the chemical structures. synergistic 
								effect of the modification 
								was established by mode i and mode ii fracture 
								tests, which quantify the improvement on 
								composites delamination resistance and 
								toughness.




laser 
									shock peening for suppression of 
									hydrogen-induced martensitic transformation 
									in stress corrosion cracking
									(2017).  g. brandal, y.l.yao      
									

laser shock peening (lsp) improves the 
									resistance of a material to stress corrosion 
									cracking. the increased resistance is not 
									just attributed to compressive residual 
									stresses, but is also due to microstructural 
									changes that occur during lsp. dislocations 
									created during lsp reduce the hydrogen 
									concentration, thereby preventing the phase 
									transformation from austenite to martensite.


								 


									 

									 

recent news

									 


aml welcomed two new phd 
									students in fall 2019. veronica over 
									is no stranger.  she received her bs and is 
									completing her ms degree, both in mechanical 
									engineering at columbia university.  in the 
									past summer, she interned at the premiere 
									semiconductor equipment manufacturer, asml 
									in ct.  estefania bohorquez joined us 
									from university of central florida, where 
									she received a bs in civil engineering.  she 
									had research experience in germany and mit 
									lincoln lab and is a recipient of the nsf 
									graduate research fellowship program (grfp). 
									 a warm welcome to both again!

prof. yao attended msec/namrc 
									conference in erie, pa june 10-13, 
									2019.  he presented a paper “3d laser 
									forming of metal foam sandwich panels,” 
									which is based on a collaboration with 
									boeing company and funded by a goali grant 
									from national science foundation.  he also 
									hosted an editorial board meeting of asme 
									journal of manufacturing science and 
									engineering, of which he is the editor.


tanzim azad and conner 
									evans started 
									their 8-week summer research with aml june 
									3, 2019.  they were supported by research 
									experience for undergraduates (reu) program 
									of national science foundation.  each of 
									them is involved in an active research 
									project going on in the aml.

tom zhang successfully 
									passed his doctoral qualifying exam may 
									2019.  congratulations, tom!

dr. grant grandal, a recent 
									alumni of aml, received the prestigious 
									outstanding young manufacturing engineer 
									award from sme
									
									https://www.sme.org/2018-outstanding-young-manufacturing-engineers/ 
									during the 46th north american manufacturing 
									research conference held june 18-22, 2018 at 
									texas a&m university.  the award was 
									conferred partially based on his work at ge 
									global research since he graduated from aml. 
									the award is to recognize accomplished 
									individuals at age of 35 or younger.

									 




more



 


[this site was last updated on
			11/08/2019]                
			                                                             
			|
			
department of mechanical engineering 
			|
			
seas |
			
columbia university |
 





