








alabama epscor | advancing economic development in alabama through research in science and engineering






























































skip to content





get in touch today









 


home
about epscor 

leadership


economic development
capabilities map
scholars program 

faq


funding opportunities 

depscor
doe epscor
nasa epscor
nsf epscor


resources
contact
search



search


submit

















 


 

advancing economic development in alabama 
							through research in science and engineering 
							
our programs 
							




what is alabama epscor?our grants support new scientific discoveries and high-tech infrastructures


alepscor is a consortium of the eight al ph.d. granting institutions, the al department of commerce (doc), the alabama commission on higher education, and numerous business leaders. federal epscor grants have led to new scientific discoveries, capabilities, and high-tech infrastructure in the state leading to important sustainable job growth.
we are proud to say that in 2016, alepscor developed alabama’s first science & technology plan formally adopted by the state of alabama. later those roadmap updates were incorporated into the alabama department of commerce’s economic development plan, accelerate alabama 2.0.
the alepscor state-funded graduate research scholars program (grsp), designed to increase the pool of highly trained graduates available to al industries, provides funding for graduate students performing high-tech federal epscor research, with funding leading to 259 ph.d. and 78 ms degrees.


about us 


christopher lawson, phd




alepscor executive director


0total grsp students funded0mdollars awarded in 2022 alone0mof federal grants awarded in the past 10 years0federal grants awarded in the past 10 yearsuniversities as a driver for economic developmentexplore research in alabamaexplore research in alabama is a tool for students, researchers, commercial enterprises and legislators seeking to foster collaboration between educational institutions and commercial enterprises in alabama.
learn more
graduate research scholars programthe graduate research scholars program provides state funds for education in high-tech fields and graduate-level research in epscor-related areas.
learn more
learn about alepscor's role in the state's growthhighly trained workforces stimulate economic development & technology research. we work closely with alabama’s department of commerce to exemplify how universities can support the state’s growth.
learn more
noteworthy news2022 ache reportread moregraduate research scholars program 2022the graduate research scholars program is unique among national epscor programs. the grsp is a…read moreonepager fy2022last year alepscor facilitated an extensive down select process to choose a proposal representing the…read morefunding opportunitiesalepscor is awarded federal funding from the following programs:


nsf epscor, doe epscor, nasa epscor, usda epscor (currently not eligible), and nih idea.


depscorfy22 defense established program to stimulate competitive researchlearn more doe epscoru.s. department of energy's established program to stimulate competitive researchlearn more nasa epscornasa's established to stimulate competitive researchlearn more nsf epscorthe national science foundation's established program to stimulate competitive researchlearn more capabilitiessearch for opportunities & institutions by research area on our interactive map.learn more resourcesread the latest reports and exciting announcementslearn more 


each award has its own requirements and funding opportunities.


view all scholars programs with local universities








discover research opportunities at epscorexplore our resources and reports todaylearn more about our companyhomeabout epscorour leadershipcontact us todaywhat we offereconomic developmentcapabilities mapscholars programsresourcesfunding opportunitiesdepscor doe epscornasa epscornsf epscora birmingham web design company


privacy policy







back to top



search


submit
































