









 marriage counseling - charles e. martin, ph.d.












marriage
counseling and divorce prevention services by:





 
charles e.
  martin, ph.d.
clinical
  psychologist
 






                       

111
center park drive
suite
1300
knoxville,
tn 37922
(865)
690-9998
fax
(865) 691-7264

www.marriage-counseling.com
e-mail: charliem1123@comcast.net
www.clinical-psychologist.com
















dr. charles
martin 
 

 




contents





 




click to jump to any section 
  or scroll through the sections





welcome




about
  fees and insurance




information
  about appointments




directions
  to dr. martin's offices




marriage
  counseling treatment philosophy




frequently asked
  questions
  about marriage counseling




for information about dr. martin's christian counseling
  services, 
  click here











     welcome      





     welcome
to dr. martin's website about marriage counseling.  you are
invited to also visit dr. martin's main website which gives a great deal of
information about his general private practice: 
(click here for www.clinical-psychologist.com)
      dr.
charles e. martin is a licensed clinical psychologist in full-time private
practice with offices in knoxville, tennessee (knox county).  he is
currently accepting selected new patients. 
     dr. martin
has been in practice over 40 years working with adults and couples with a wide range of problems.   one of dr. martin's special areas of
interest is marriage counseling.
     dr. martin's
approach in marriage counseling is to give couples direct advice and
help them develop "how-to" skills in solving problems.
  most couples who seek marriage counseling have difficulties in
communications, and one of dr. martin's areas of specialization is helping
clients improve their communications skills.   he does this through
special attention to a list of connunication skills called the ground rules
of communication. this is a series of guidelines that help couples stop
hurtful and frustrating arguments and start communicating effectively.
  of most importance, dr. martin tries to help couples to find
"win-win" solutions to problems. 
      you are
invited to browse through any of the following sections to gain more
information about his practice.   dr. martin is currently accepting
new patients and invites your call.
 
return to contents
 

 




about fees and insurance 





 
     unfortunately, insurance companies do not pay for marriage counseling sessions.  your out-of-pocket fees are:
initial evaluation session (90+ minutes): $200
 
regular counseling sessions (50 minutes): $150

 

     i accept cash, checks, or credit cards.
    

return to contents
 

 




information
  about
  marriage counseling
  appointments 




 
all services
are by appointment only
  to make an
appointment, call dr. martin's office at (865) 690-9998, extension 3, at any time. please
leave your name and telephone number in dr. martin's confidential mailbox and
he will return your call as soon as possible. 
     dr.
martin always makes room for new clients, and initial appointments will be
scheduled as quickly as possible. many couples require evening appointments and
dr. martin usually has evening or lunchtime appointment times available.

return to contents
 

 




directions to dr.
  martin's office





 
 
     we
are located just off kingston pike on center park drive just barely west of the
pellissippi parkway interchange. at the traffic light
at the entrance to the fort sanders west complex, turn north on center park
drive (away from fort sanders west and toward the slyman
real estate building), go around the immediate "s" curve, and we are
in the first building on the left.  this building has offices on all four
sides, and our offices are on the back side of the building in suite 1300. 
the entrance is around the corner from the parking area.  the office sign
reads pellissippi psychiatry & counseling.
click here for picture of dr. martin's office
 
return to contents
 

 




marriage counseling treatment philosophy 





 
     dr. martin's approach to marriage
counselingis to teach couples: (1) ways to improve communications
skills, (2) gain respect for each other, (3) learn when, where, and how to talk
about problems, (4) learn how long to talk about a problem, and especially how to
'agree to disagree', (5) learn how to cope with slips and slidebacks,
(6) and improve problem-solving skills.   of highest priority is dr.
martin's teaching couples how do develop the attitude of wanting 'win-win' solutions.
    
in a nutshell, dr. martin teaches a couple how to have the best attitude,
communication skills, and problem-solving skills. 
     an important part of finding
solutions is making the most of the sessions.   dr. martin will often
suggest homework assignments or recommended readings which the couple can
pursue between sessions to enhance the counseling process.
     if either partner is having problems
with depression or anxiety or there are any indications that medication appears
to be needed, dr. martin will help the client get an appropriate medical
evaluation.   dr. martin routinely works with a client's primary care
physician or psychiatrists in the community.   if a patient does not
have a primary care physician, dr. martin can give a referral list of well-qualified
physicians.
 

 





click here for
  dr. martin's
  frequently asked questions
  and helpful information 




 
return to contents
 
return to top of page
 
click here to go to
www.clinical-psychologist.com
 




copyright
  © 2018 charles e. martin, ph.d.
  all rights reserved 




 



