








rhodesians worldwide magazine home page

















































skip to content









sample magazinesubscription formlibraryflag inventoryonline shoplinksrhodesian worksaccommodations 



 









keeping the spirit alive for 40 years
 









 


search for:








rw cafepress storecontactdarwin dayspicture galleryabout usour missionmembersmember loginmember homepageregistrationsubscribelogout



 




 





 


 


 





 






welcome to the online home of rhodesians worldwide® magazine
rhodesians worldwide magazine needs your help to continue publication. we need new subscribers as we have bills to pay. the editors and their helpers have never been paid in the 40 years of our existence, but printing costs and mailing costs have increased. thank you for helping to keep the spirit alive for the past 40 years.
***please subscribe to the rhodesians worldwide magazine to help us keep the spirit alive.***
we are a non-political magazine focusing on history and contacts. we are published by rhodesians, about rhodesians and for rhodesians and those interested in our erstwhile homeland.

the october – december, 2024 edition is now available online. check out our members area
our library now contains over 1800 pdf documents (we have just uploaded 500 more documents-december 18, 2024.)-click on the library tab. just register for a free online account to access these documents. this is the same account as for the magazine, but library access is free.
please donate to help us continue building the library/archive


click on the links below
rhodesians worldwide online magazine: click on the “members” link on the lower shortcuts bar
darwin days login
destiny-ian douglas smith prints now available
fireforce and smith’s defiance prints
rsa pensioners – very important information
hannes wessels interview-africa unauthorized
duncan clarke – rhodes interview
help needy rhodesians
tributes to our brave security forces in rhodesia:
the bush war in rhodesia(with thanks to loomingdisaster and photos at 0:04, 0:08, 0:26, 1:46, 1:50, 2:15, and 2:20 by dominique houyet. song “birds of paradise” by peter, sue & marc.)
brotherhood of the forgotten war
upcoming events
download “this is the rar” music here
mugabe and the white african-purchase the dvd
udi declaration and udi picture–click here for your own printable copies
farm invasion video-march 27, 2009
this is the only online home of the rhodesians worldwide® magazine, the magazine that has been “keeping the spirit alive” for the past 40 years. we are dedicated to keeping rhodesians and those interested in our country in contact with each other and we encourage you to browse this site and to subscribe to our wonderful magazine that is produced by rhodesians about rhodesians and for rhodesians.
rhodesians worldwide® magazine four issues published each year since 1985

a feature stories with photographs where possible
selected news stories from zimbabwe
articles on how fellow rhodesians are getting along overseas
contact details for friends and family across the world
advertisements and classified ads for those hard to find items
personal classifieds (which are free, with reason)
births, death and in memorium notices (also carried free of charge)
our photo gallery is part and parcel of our facebook presence. please feel free to go to our facebook page called rhodesians-worldwide and see the pictures there..**all images and information used in this website are copyrighted to their original owner or to rhodesians worldwide® magazine and cannot be used without the express written permission of those owners or rhodesians worldwide® magazine. ***





 

 










 contact form

your subscription and support keeps alive the oldest rhodesian related publication (now in publication for 39 years!), a 36 page magazine geared towards rhodesians and those interested in rhodesia. this magazine will be mailed to you from the united states quarterly. our mailing address is:

rhodesians worldwide
p.o. box 22034, mesa, arizona 85277-2034, u.s.a.

your name (required)



email address (required)



subject



your address (required)



your message



this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.


×



 rhodesians worldwide magazine subscription
$27.00 per year (4 editions)






magazine update:
oct-dec, 2024 edition (156th magazine)
printed:  dec 5, 2024
shipped to mailing co: dec 10, 2024

find us on facebook




 
 
 













 
 
 





		© 1984-2025 rhodesians worldwide | all rights reserved |trademarks  |  disclaimer 



 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link






english				


english 



























go to top



