


the undeniable five























    
	the undeniable five
	
  


looking at the next generation of women of color in adult industry. they can be legendary.





monday, january 28, 2008



marco banderas directs mercenary pictures' ethnic ebony xxx series



canoga park, calif. — critically acclaimedfan favorite performer marco banderas takesthe helm of mercenary pictures' ethnic "ebonyxxx" series with its fifth volume.banderas not only directs, but stars in "ebonyxxx 5." the title also features sydnee capri,cherokee, mya g, pinky, mone devine, jeanclaude batiste, mr. marcus and mercenarypictures owner and three time avn maleperformer of the year, lexington steele."lex wanted me to bring the big butts i love somuch and that i also shoot in my other lines —'the darkside of marco banderas,' and 'culosgigantes,'" banderas said. "i'm very proud to beable to direct another of lex's titles. i'm sure thepast fans of the 'ebony xxx' series will be verypleased with what they see and i know the linewill pick up new viewers as well."steele said marco's work as a performer anddirector makes him one of the hardest working men in the adult industry."for as long as i've known marco, he's given nothing less than 100 percent in everyscene he's been a part of," steele said. "in the same way, he's always shot scenes thatwere the kind of scenes i'd want to watch as a fan. i have no doubt that he'll take 'ebonyxxx' to the next level.""ebony xxx 5" is available now.for more information, visit lexingtonsteele.com. distributors may contact hankat 818-718-1462 or 866-289-1414, or email him at mercenarypictures@msn.com. forforeign sales, contact dani at dani@calvista.com.-30-



posted by vesuvius at 1:47 pm
       |
         1 comments









xbiz nominates mercenary pictures, lexington steele, tina tyler for upcoming awards



canoga park, calif. — adult trade magazine xbiz nominated mercenary pictures'"fresh out the box" series, director tina tyler and owner lexington steele for the xbizawards show, to be held next month."fresh out the box," mercenary pictures' interracial new girl series, is nominated forgonzo series of the year. tyler, who directs "fresh out the box," is in the running forgonzo director of the year, and steele is given a nod for male performer of the year."it's great to know that someone is watching and is taking notice of the hard work you'reputting into your movies," tyler said. "fresh out the box' means a lot to me because ifeel it's very important to make the sets fun and non-threatening, especially for the newgirls in the business. it's very easy to get jaded in the adult industry and forget that wewere all new once."steele also thanked xbiz for his company's showing."there's some great companies and people that xbiz nominated for their awards, andit's great to know that xbiz appreciates the quality we put into our movies and that i putinto my scenes," steele said.the xbiz awards will be held on thursday, feb. 7 at the highlands in hollywood.for more information, visit lexingtonsteele.com. distributors may contact hankat 818-718-1462 or 866-289-1414, or email him at mercenarypictures@msn.com. forforeign sales, contact dani at dani@calvista.com.-30-



posted by vesuvius at 1:41 pm
       |
         0 comments






saturday, january 19, 2008



mercenary pictures scores third best ethnic-themed series avn award



mercenary pictures scores third best ethnic-themedseries avn awardlas vegas — mercenary pictures' black reign was recognized for its excellence witha third win in the best ethnic-themed series category at the 2008 avn awards show.black reign, which showcases the finest ethnic female performers in all-black scenes,also won back-to-back avn trophies in 2005 and 2006. the series, in its 12th volume,features ladies such as chavon taylor, misti love and alicia tyler, among many others."i appreciate that avn once again recognized my work as a director to capture thesebeautiful black women on camera and my work as a producer to raise the bar when itcomes to what consumers expect from ethnic titles," mercenary pictures ownerlexington steele said. "the ethnic titles mercenary pictures produces — black moonrisin', ebony xxx and of course, black reign — have always been positioned as thecompany's premium titles."past avn wins include last year's best pov release award for pole position: lex pov5, black reign's best ethnic-themed series recognition and best interracial releasefor lex steele xxx 5. mercenary has also been recognized at berlin's venus show forbest video series - german and best video series – international.steele has won venus' best actor – usa award in berlin, best international director atthe venus paris show and avn's best anal sex scene, with katsumi, in lex steelexxx 3 as well as three male performer of the year awards.for more information, visit lexingtonsteele.com. distributors may contact hankat 818-718-1462 or 866-289-1414, or email him at mercenarypictures@msn.com. forforeign sales, contact dani at dani@calvista.com.



posted by vesuvius at 5:30 am
       |
         0 comments






sunday, january 06, 2008



	 

	 star trek-is it in you
	 
    


your results:you are jean-luc picardjean-luc picard 85%will riker 55%spock 54%james t. kirk (captain) 50%worf 50%data 48%geordi laforge 45%uhura 40%leonard mccoy (bones) 35%mr. scott 35%mr. sulu 35%an expendable character (redshirt) 35%chekov 25%beverly crusher 25%deanna troi 5%a lover of shakespeare and other  fine literature. you have a decisive mind  and a firm hand in dealing with others. click here to take the star trek personality quiz



posted by vesuvius at 3:48 pm
       |
         0 comments






thursday, january 03, 2008



2008 can be the year a woman of color can start the journey of super stardon



2008 should prove to be a very good year for many of the women of color in the adult industry. i see some women that may take their profile higher and broader this new year. with the market for women of color finally being courted this is the time for someone to step up. for a woman of color to take this step she is going to have to be single minded and focused on the prize. you can’t be worried about a boyfriend; you can’t be worried about a girlfriend for this brief moment in time you can’t be in a serious relationship. you are going to have to want it and be willing to make the sacrifices. the stars are just align right.1. misti love: ms love is an attractive lady with the energy of a lighting blot. if she keeps the same attitude and zest that she has displayed in her early adult industry career she is going to have a lot of women looking over their shoulders.2. kaleah: when i look at kaleah i get the hint of exotic. there’s something about her that i can’t put in words but i like it. whatever “it” is. if you like long legs then this lady is a treat i really would like to see kaleah take control of her scenes and let “it” come out. because “it” is there. 3. jade stone: jade is stone cold hot. ms stone has a tight body and knows how to use it. i don’t know if she knows it or not but the camera is ready to have a love affair with her. 4. stacy adams: ms. adams has been blessed with a pair of dd’s that are all natural. she comes off like one of those girls that you think you are going to get over on and trick her out of the pussy but she’s planning all along to do it to you all night. she can play this industry just right to get exactly what she wants. 5. alicia tyler: ms tyler looks like the type of girl you would dress in diamonds, heels and nothing else. wouldn’t that be a sight to come home too? you may think she wants you to make love to her but alicia needs to be fucked hard and very fast. pick your times lady and 2008 will be yours.  alicia tylerstacy adamsjade stonekaleahmisti love



posted by vesuvius at 6:46 pm
       |
         1 comments






tuesday, september 04, 2007



third world media's sexual arts academy



chatsworth, calif. — women who are aslethal as they are sexy demonstrate the widespectrum of japanese culture, both martialand carnal, in sexual arts academy from thirdworld media and its high-end asian imprint,katana.featuring cover girl and kendo student miyukitaniguchi, sexual arts academy also starsaikido expert rie yamaguchi, judo rookieyuzuru and mixed fighter shouko. despitetheir differences in dispatching theiropponents, these women know that trulywinning also means being skilled in the softand sensual arts as well as the combative andmartial."our katana lineup consists of big budget,high-end japanese features" steve scott,president of third world media, said. "katanatitles feature some of japan's biggest av, oradult video, stars. katana's dvds also featureenglish subtitles with on/off functionality inresponse to requests from our multicultural audiences."sexual arts academy, scheduled to street on sept. 10, comes on the heels of katana/third world media's other acclaimed and well-received movies, cum inside my kimono,j-girls reality road trip and hot spring orgy retreat. the next release slated from theproducer, untitled as of press time, will feature ol's (office ladies) who express theirtrue dedication to their companies in rather untraditional ways."by exclusively featuring authentic ethnic girls from their home countries, third worldmedia is recognized as the market leader in each respective niche we focus on," scottadded. "furthermore, by featuring big name girls that are well known internationally,we've met a demand that's been untapped and ignored."for more information visit www.thirdworldxxx.com. distributors may contact steve scottat sales@thirdworldxxx.com for sales inquiries, or info@thirdworldxxx.com for all otherquestions.



posted by vesuvius at 2:41 pm
       |
         0 comments






wednesday, august 22, 2007



lex steele's semen shooters



mercenary pictures launches all-black cum shotcollection, lex steele's semen shooters 1canoga park, calif. — mercenary picturespresents a best of featuring the company's mostmemorable collection of black-on-black climaxeswith the launch of its new series, lex steele'ssemen shooters 1.featuring 47 of adult's top black femaleperformers, the cast of lex steele's semenshooters 1 includes angel eyes, carmenhayes, vanessa blue, shi reeves, jennabrooks, jemini, naomi banxxx, roxy reynolds,havanna ginger, jada fire, desiree, tina price,tia, olivia winters, courtney divine, ariel alexis,capri styles, ashley, samaya, lena, mahlia andpersuajon. also featured, among others, are mr.marcus, jean claude batiste and mercenaryowner and three-time avn male performer ofthe year, lexington steele.steele, featured in 40 of the 52 scenes featuredin lex steele's semen shooters 1, said, "i shotthe mother and the father loads during thescenes in this movie. in fact, this title is a tribute from the black master blaster to thetrue master blasters of the industry, peter north and rodney moore."bringing together a collection of exclusively black-on-black action culled frommercenary's volumes of consistently high quality titles is a point of particular pride forsteele."there's very few, if any, all-black collections out there, but no other company puts thecare and attention to the production of ethnic productions that mercenary does," hesaid. "i take pride that mercenary positions our black titles -- black reign, ebony xxx,black moon risin' and nightstick: black pov -- as the premier offerings from ourcompany."for more information, visit lexingtonsteele.com distributors may contact hank at818-340-6806 or 866-289-1414, or email him at mercenarypictures@msn.com. forforeign sales, contact dani at dani@calvista.com.click to join vesuviusprocheck me out!



posted by vesuvius at 3:21 pm
       |
         0 comments






saturday, august 18, 2007



kangpin latest release from platinum blue productions, "boom chica bow wow"



kangpin is raising temperatures even higher this summerwith his latest release 'boom chica bow wow', arriving in stores august15th, 2007. the gonzo release is available to retailers now fromplatinum blue productions.for the production, kangpin recruited some of the best ass-quakingafrican-american divas. pinky demonstrates some incredible, jelly-likebooty action.  amile waters squirts, danielle dai blows a guy outside,lit only by car headlights. chyanne jacobs and gen tilly, keep it real,keep it tight and keep the guys hard."it was actually our post-production manager, aradia who came up withthe title." director kangpin said with a laugh. "she was racking herbrain for ideas and what the whole thing said to her and she justmouthed it out. it was one of those moments where everyone looks up andsays 'that's exactly it'. 'boom chica bow wow' has 100 percent of thedaily requirement of booty shaking and fresh pussy for a balanced dietof hard pounding porno."black is truly beautiful. fans can check out the gallery of ebonydelights at:http://platinumblueproductions.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=112 distributors and retailers can order 'boom chica bow wow', by callingskye blue at 818-998-0900 or sending an e-mail toskye@platinumblueproductions.com. to see more of what platinum blueproductions has to offer, check out www.platinumblueproductions.com.check me out!



posted by vesuvius at 8:56 am
       |
         0 comments











about me

name:  vesuvius 
location:  las vegas, nevada, united states 
view my complete profile

previous posts

marco banderas directs mercenary pictures' ethnic ...
xbiz nominates mercenary pictures, lexington steel...
mercenary pictures scores third best ethnic-themed...
star trek-is it in you
2008 can be the year a woman of color can start th...
third world media's sexual arts academy
lex steele's semen shooters
kangpin latest release from platinum blue producti...
it's all steele in all 5 scenes of mercenary pictu...
busty japanese babes of third world media

archives

april 2005
june 2005
july 2005
november 2005
december 2005
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
january 2008



 





