


home of pottiestickers & rewardemstickers portable toilet training and behavioral modification systems for todays "family on the go lifestyle... because consistancy counts"  




















 



























 

 





 

a 
                          percentage of every sale goes to cancer research in 
                          loving memory of our 
                          daddy. ~the kids 





un 
                          percentaje de cada venta va a la investigacion de cancer 
                          en memoria carinosa de nuestro padre.


 


 donations 
                          made to:
magee 
                          women's hospital
                          american 
                          cancer society
                          upmc
                          uofa at birmingham


tammie's 
                  magee story
 






“while 
                          in the process of toilet-training two toddlers, i lost 
                          my beloved husband. during this period of time, pottiestickers® 
                          helped keep me sane.” 
                          -the mommie




 all 
                          safety requirements exceeded manufacturing standards 
                          for our products to keep your child safe!
pottiestickers 
                          also used as rewardemstickers, are all lead free safe 
                          products for your children. conforms to astm f963 requirements, 
                          mechanical hazards, labeling, soluable havey metals 
                          content. conforms to 16 cfr - 1303 lead content, 1500.44 
                          flamibility. 




 







welcome 
                            to aaron & associates 
                          ~ home of pottiestickers also used as rewardemstickers








 



pottiestickers 
                              ~ have your child independent in the bath room in 
                              a matter of days. 12 different pottiestickers designs 
                              guarantee sussess.
 





 

best 
                                      new product 
                                      el mejor producto nuevo 


3 
                                      sets per pack 
                                      3 sistemas por paquete


 mommie 
                                      invented kiddie approved 
                                      madre inventada ninos aprobado
































welcome 
                          to pottiestickers can be used as rewardemstickers web 
                          site.
we 
                          teach our children to feed themselves, how to speak 
                          and dress themselves and when we need them to potty 
                          train or learn to do chores sometimes we all need a 
                          little extra help motivating our children. learning 
                          something new can be fun and exciting.when it is time 
                          to teach our children to go potty, saving a hundred 
                          dollars a month on diapers, wipes and creams is a big 
                          reward for parents.






having 
                  well behaved children and able to go to a nice restaurant and 
                  visiting friends is a pleasure to take little angels. we all 
                  want to praise our children. 
                  pottiestickers also used as rewardemstickers are colorful 
                    incentive award kits that allow kids to make fun pictures 
                    while learning to potty train. pottiestickers & rewardemstickers 
                    are portable toilet training and behavioral modification systems 
                    to travel with your child for today’s family-on-the-go-lifestyle... 
                    because consistency counts. 
 pottiestickers has won over 12 awards being named best new 
                    product of the year by judge donald trump at the american 
                    business awards, best children's product by orca, the national 
                    parenting center's seal of approval and the iparenting hot 
                    media award to name a few.
 pottiestickers toilet train your child in 7 days proven 
                    secret laws of toilet training come on a free cd inside each 
                    package. children are potty trained with pottiestickers using 
                    an average of one group of packages. our "get the poop 
                    on potty training" provides loads of toilet training 
                    tips and facts to make moms life easier and hassel free in 
                    toddler toilet training. 
when 
                    you place an order on our secure web site we accept all major 
                    credit cards, checks or money orders. orders generally ship 
                    within two working days. make sure you check out our other 
                    “made for mom” mom invented products. made for 
                    mom …by moms is an exclusive group of mom inventors 
                    with solutions to daily challenges that are affordable and 
                    enhance our children’s lives. these are great products 
                    you can't find in most stores.
one 
                            free set of pottiestickers with every order placed 
                  until december 25th.
 wts 
                    toy review division ~ 5 stars for pottiestickers  click here to read our review
talking 
                    purpose webcam interview withtammie click 
                      here to see the interview
the 
                    old schoolhouse  click here 
                  to see review 
 








 
buy pottiestickers | buy rewardemstickers | buy 

        other products | retail outlets  | affiliate 

        programs  | testimonials | about us | press 

        room  | tips & facts  | reward 

        certificates | links | contest | home





 


 




 




 
aaron 
        & associates
        all contents © copyright 2003-2018  www.pottiestickers.com





















