




real estate, homes for sale.




























































                                        my account
                                    












toggle navigation









 
                                
                                    email
                                




 
                                        
                                            202-364-1515
                                        





home

listingsall area listingsour portfoliopower searchgeneral12 questions before hiring an agentwhy is this real estate info free?buyerswhy to buy before july 2024!buyer guidefirst time home buyer guideinvestorsinvestment property evaluation8 investor mistakes reportrental property selling mistakessellerswhy to sell before july 2024seller guideaboutcontactabout levy teamtestimonialsreferrals help sick kidsour team

blog



 my account
                                    






area housing reportshot new listingsthese homes won't be on the market for long!what's my home worth?search home value by address find  buyers start here free resources for home buyers  learn more      sellers start here get your home sold fast and for top dollar  learn more   levy team featured propertiesthe top listings in the dc metro areaselect your area below for fast access to a hand-selection of the best properties for salebowiebowie single family homesbowie first time buyer propertiesbowie condosbowie foreclosuresbowie luxury propertiesbowie luxury foreclosuresbowie distresslist updates daily.prince georges county luxury foreclosuresprince georges county luxury distress salesbowie bargain homeshyattsvillehyattsville condoshyattsville first time buyer propertieshyattsville single family homessilver springsilver spring single family homessilver spring first time buyer propertiessilver spring condoswashingtonwashington condoswashington condos near metrowashington multi-family homeswashington first time buyer propertieswashington single family homes choose the right agentfeedback from our previous clientsellen has complete integrity and will go the extra mile, or ten, for her client. ellen levy is the most experienced, dedicated, and creatively determined to achieve her client's goals realtor than any other realtor i know. she sold our home in one month in a very difficult market. her advice on how to show it and what price to list it for was excellent. her negotiating skills were superb. i trust her judgement. she has complete integrity and will go the extra mile, or ten, for her client.meredith skeathellen was able to get my full asking price in cash and close the sale within 2 weeks.ellen helped me to sell and close my dc condo in two weeks. as dreadful as the process of selling a home in dc, from outside the dc area can be, ellen made it super easy and seamless. she was knowledgeable about the current market trends in dc and gave me realistic views on what to expect. to my big surprise, my condo had multiple offers afrer only 1 day on the market and was in contract in 1 day. not only was i able to get my full asking price in cash (which was about $10,000 higher than what other realtors estimated), i was able to close the sale in 2 weeks. i highly recommend ellen and her team if you want a real estate expert who can help you to sell your home seamlessly and maximize your return.melody shenellen and barry never gave up on the process.barry and ellen levy were the most concerned, and compassionate sales people you could possibly encounter, in a real estate sales situation. their experience, personal involvment, hard workm and persistence got results beyond my expectations in the process of selling my home, via short sale. ellen and barry never gave up on the process, and even established a relationship with the mortgage company, as they piled through the mountains of paperwork involved with the transaction. i knew tha i could trust ellen and barry through the process, as they gave me insights that guided me in the part i had to play. i was confident enought that i could move out of state, and they still owned the process, and kept me involved and engaged. i highly recommend the levy team to anyone who is trying to purchase or sell a property. you will not be disappointed!ellwood davisellen priced my condo at the right level and it sold on the first showing.i thought i would have to sell my condo as a short sale. when i emailed a short sale service for advice, they sent me ellen levy's contact information. ellen talked me out of my despair and assured me that my condo would not be a short sale. she was right. ellen priced my condo at the right level and it sold on the first showing. best of all, i came away from the settlement with cash! i can't recommend her enough, she was a godsend to me. anyone thinking of selling your home, this is the best time to do it and ellen levy (and her team) is the best realtor for the job!laua gardnerin the newsyour washington dc metro, maryland's howard county, prince georges county, montgomery county, anne arundel county, baltimore county & baltimore city neigborhood real estate informationhow to avoid capital gains taxes when selling appreciated investment propertya tax-deferred exchange is a powerful toolrenters missed out on $51,500 this past yearrenters missed out on $51,500 this past year rents have increased significantly this year. the latest national rent report from apartmentlist.com ...rare opportunity in today's maryland real estate market!major price drop & closing cost help! buy this home and we'll buy yours...ask us how!* beautiful home at 11427 honeysuckle ct # 2-3, upper marlboro, ...exciting offer from american home shield!an exciting limited time offer from american home shield, as part of their 50th anniversary, for homeowners! save $100 with american home shield's ...worthy cause: t-cells show promise in protecting vulnerable patients from covid-19 infectionyour referrals to ellen levy help save sick kids. children’s national hospital found that t-cells can protect vulnerable patients from covid-19. ...    get instant updates on thousands of properties like these in three easy steps.     1 create your free account get unlimited updates.   2 save your favorite listings save searches and favorite listings.   3 get updates instant notifications via email or text.         it takes less than 1 minute             or       







contact us




we would like to hear from you! if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. we are always looking forward to hearing from you! we will do our best to reply to you within 24 hours !












submit




get in touch



 
202-364-1515



 
text me now


 
re/max allegiance

 
 220 7th st se, washington dc 20003

 
info@dcrealestategurus.com















 
by submitting this form, you consent to receive updates and promotional offers from us via email, text messages, and phone calls. consent is not a condition of service. 
to unsubscribe, click 'unsubscribe' in emails, reply 'stop' in texts, or inform us during calls. for more details, please review our privacy policy






a successwebsite® solution ™ & © owned by consulnet computing inc. 1998-2025 (all rights reserved)dmca notice 





















        we use cookies to provide you the best experience on our website. click here to view our privacy policy. by continuing to use this site we assume your consent to receive cookies. 
        got it




