









home - flat fee mls listings




































































 








search









  
00800-477-7771home
find your state

a – d

alabama 
alaska 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
delaware 
district of columbia 


f – k

florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
iowa 
kansas 
kentucky 


l – m

louisiana 
maine 
maryland 
massachusetts 
michigan 
minnesota 
mississippi 
missouri 
montana 


n

nebraska 
nevada 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
new york 
north carolina 
north dakota 


o – t

ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 
rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 


u – w

utah 
vermont 
virginia 
washington 
west virginia 
wisconsin 
wyoming 




buy

search all mls listings on realtor.com 


resources

faqs 
tips

pricing tips 
how to take great photos 
how to resize photos 
marketing tips 


links

links 
school ratings 
compare cities 


reviews 
terms 


contact us












































easy to reach

most online companies cut costs by avoiding answering the phone, or you can only reach them by email. it can be very frustrating when you have a problem and can’t talk to anyone.









service guarantee

we guarantee that if you don’t like the broker we assign to your listing, we’ll assign you another one. (it is extremely rare that anyone ever asks us for a different broker).









trusted and experienced

you can have a secure feeling that we won’t disappear during the term of your listing. since we started in 2000, many others have come and gone, but our service quality sets us apart.
















why use flat fee listing?




most of our flat fee mls listing brokers have been handling listings for us for many years, and strive to provide excellent customer service. we let you know what’s included before you sign up so there are no surprises.







0%

average savings





















no hidden fees

save an average of $15,000 selling your home with us. no extra cost at closing.









great reviews

we have 20 years of great reviews from satisfied clients.









national

we can list you in most major mlss across the united states.


















how does it work?



















what they say about us

reviews about flat fee listing





“just wanted to let you know how much we appreciated the broker you hooked us up with. he was extremely professional and a fountain of knowledge. we feel his performance was excellent and that he went over and above anything that we expected. if this is the caliber of agents you have to recommend, we will have no problem recommending flat fee listing to anyone who might need your services.”
karen & rick gellertchicago, il






“i was impressed at how well the flat fee listing works. within hours of listing our home we had a call for a showing, and the next day we had 8 showings and two offers, we were in contract within 24 hours of listing. if you are concerned that brokers won’t show your home because it is a fsbo, worry not, a flat fee listing looks like any other mls listing. once the buyer’s agent knows that they are going to receive their co-op commission, they are happy to deal directly with you as the seller.”
johnathan perezdenver, co






“the service i got from by flat fee listing broker was better than i would have expected from a full 6% broker. any time i had a question, he was easy to reach, and if i ever got a voicemail, i got a call back within 15 minutes. the overall service and professionalism was very good, and i would rate it a 9 or a 10. my neighbor listed with remax and was very unhappy. his agent didn’t really do much. another neighbor of mine will be listing his house in about a month, and wants to list with you guys based on what i told him about you.”
james o’connerglen mills, pa




















































 
privacy policy / flat fee mls listing© 2021 / all rights reserved		







 








































