














home - nali





























































































































news
publications
contact nali
 members only  517-702-9835











 
home
find an investigator
become a member

discover nali
member requirements
member application
code of ethics
nali by-laws


about nali

directors
history of nali
committee chairpersons
legal investigator defined
publications
retired members
sponsorship opportunities


conferences
educational opportunities
certified legal investigator program

cli requirements
about the cli exam
cli report of compliance


resources

online resources
process servers
state associations
public records


 










home 


nali 2025 region ii conference – register now 












 the national association of legal investigators (nali) seeks to establish and promote an association which will organize, serve and educate members, enforce professional canons of ethics, and establish a high standard for the practice of legal investigation. 
join nali
upcoming nali eventsmarch 13-14, 2024region ii conference in milwaukee, wisconsinjune 12 & 13, 2025annual conference in denver (arvada), colorado register nowdiscover nali learn what nali is all about in this one on one with our past national director, john lajoie, cli.  discover nalifind a legal investigator find a nali member legal investigator  search
certified legal investigator program  get certified. now is your time!  get certifiedattention lawyers! when you hire a nali member, you are hiring a thoroughly vetted professional investigator.  why hire a nali member? the legal investigator publication the official journal of nali  read more

online education
 nali has partnered with online learning education leaders to provide continuing education for our members, guests, and visitors who want the best in online legal investigation training. follow the link below to learn more. 

register today

  without true facts, there can be no justice  








featured memberpriority investigation llc christopher
deal 
common questions 
why should i hire a nali professional 
investigator?
how can i become a member?
what is a legal investigator?

connect with us 
 
 
 
 

 
certified legal investigator 
 



friends:if you are a nali member, we thank you for your continued support, participation, and professionalism. if you are a legal investigator, attorney, client or visitor, we invite you to discover nali:
the national association of legal investigators (nali) was formed in 1967 to endorse, promote and safeguard the highest professional ethics of the legal investigative profession and to explore, cultivate and advance those arts and sciences. nali seeks to establish and promote an association which will organize, serve and educate members, enforce professional canons of ethics and establish a standard for the practice of legal investigation.
we are a professional association that fosters mutual trust, goodwill, and friendship among ourselves and all legal investigators throughout the usa and internationally. nali’s social and business networks establish a tight bond among its members and throughout the association.
membership in nali is open to all legal investigators of professional competence and integrity who provide litigation support investigative services to attorneys in the private practice of law, who are employed by law firms, a public defender’s office, and/or privately-owned investigation firms. 
nali is the oldest and most prestigious association for legal investigators in the united states and enjoys a superb reputation among attorneys, judges, experts, investigators and other investigative associations.
our flagship certified legal investigator (cli) program, a nali sponsored board certification process, is arguably the most recognized and revered certification in the investigative professio. 
our professional development and continuing education training seminars are world class and widely acclaimed, and the social networking element is simply outstanding.  nali’s publications are informative and contain technical and professional articles in many investigative sub-disciplines that are informative and promotes the highest standard of legal investigation. 
nali members refer case assignments and seek out assistance from other members.   a legal investigator in another location and/or possessing a skill set in a specific discipline is only a phone call, text, or email away.  oftentimes professional courtesy reductions in service cost are extended. nali members help each other build their reputation and success.
law firms and lawyers look to nali to hire professional legal investigators. just ask a long time nali member. if you are looking to increase your business and strengthen your bottom line, discover nali!
thank you very much for visiting www.nali.com .sponsors 
 



nali policy on anti-discrimination, inclusiveness, and diversityit is the policy of nali to ensure equal opportunities without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law for all members.

nali prohibits any such discrimination or harassment. any violation of this policy may be subject to adjudication under article x of the nali bylaws. 





home
about nali
find an investigator
become a member
education
publications
certified legal investigators program
news
resources
contact nali





 nali world headquarters -  po box 278 bath, mi 48808 - phone: 517-702-9835
copyright ©   nali - national association of legal investigators. all rights reserved.    |    ams ///








 



2025 region ii conference - register now. 
+ +











                                [ placeholder content for popup link ]
                                wordpress download manager - best download management plugin



close










				specialty codes			

(use also for work declined codes)

acc – accident reconstruction
agr – agricultural and farm
ars – arson
abs – asbestos, asbestos cases
ast – asset checks
aut – automobile and small trucks
avn – aviation (general aviation)
bkg – background investigations
boa – boating accidents
com – computer crimes/fraud
con – construction sites
cor – corporate investigations
crm – criminal defense (general)
cus – child custody
chl – children’s rights/abuse
cvl – civil rights
doc – document examination
dom – domestic
drm – dram shop
ddr – drunk drive defense
elc – electronic surveillance
equ – equine injuries
ind – industrial accidents
ins – insurance investigations
mal – malpractice medical/legal
mis – missing persons
mot – motorcycle accidents
mrt – maritime and cargo handling
oil – oil field accidents
pho – photography, forensic
pin – personal injury
pol – polygraph and pse
pps – personal process service
prd – products liability
rai – railroad and fela
rea – real estate fraud
skt – skiptrace
stn – standards research
sur – surveillance
swm – swimming/scuba accidents
tox – toxic materials/waste
trk – truck/trailer, large
trp – trial preparation
vid – videotape
wkr – workers’ compensation
wrg – wrongful death

background codes

edu – education (college level)
fed – federal law enforcement
gov – state government
ins – insurance
jou – journalism (investigative)
mar – maritime
mil – military
int – international
mun – municipal police/sheriff
oje – on-the-job experience
pdo – public defender’s office
pol – polygraph/pse
sec – security
sta – state police/highway patrol

previous experience codes
put number of years of previous experience (two digits) following each background code. examples: state police experience for twelve years is sta12; municipal police or county deputy sheriff for eight years would be mun08; on the job experience as a law firm staff investigator or independent investigator for ten years would be oje10; college level education for four years is edu04; federal law enforcement for one year would be fed01; military service for two years would be mil02. a typical directory page background/experience listing of codes might read: edu04, mun03, sta03, 0je06.


			close            



















