















fox cities & appleton, wi official travel resource - fccvb





































skip to content







                    3°f
                                    


0
saved








navigation









things to dooutdoor recreationindoor recreation & amusementsmuseums & historical sitesshoppingfamily funarts & culturelive music & nightlifespas & wellnessfox cities original experiencesfound in the foxfull stream aheadhit the trailsdate nightfor the familyround of applausefood & drinklocally owned restaurantsbars & loungeseventsannual eventssubmit event2025 draft in green bayfox cities snapshotswhere to stayplan your visitcommunitiesgetting here & getting aroundweather & average temperaturestravel resourcesfox cities visitor centerdestination guidedealse-newsletter sign-up


group toursmeeting plannerssports plannersabout usblog























 









                            
                            endless original experiences



        explore


 

 







plan your stay for the 2025 draft!


                more info










welcome to the fox cities


find your original experience come explore the fox cities, a beautiful region in east central wisconsin where urban downtowns neighbor the great outdoors.built upon the shores of lake winnebago and the fox river, we're home to 19 incredible communities with endless original experiences to share. frombroadway shows to live music sets and 100+ miles of trails, there's no shortage of ways to make each and every visit to the fox cities a one-of-a-kind adventure.







 










get inspired
discover the fox cities
start creating an unforgettable travel experience to the fox cities area.









 

things to do
build itineraries and memories to last a lifetime when you visit the fox cities.
learn more







 


 

events
our events calendar is packed with exciting festivals, museum exhibits, and so much more.
learn more







 


 

food & drink
fuel your time in the fox cities with delicious food and drink packed with original flavor.
learn more







 


 

where to stay
experience the genuine hospitality of the fox cities and you’ll know you’ve arrived.
learn more



 



















                        
                        fox cities original experiences                            


a destination for things you've never seen, places you've never been, and people you need…


learn more

















 



plan your visit






                                            
                
                    
        
start preparing for your next fox cities adventure with these insider insights.


        learn more 















featured stories












 















                        
                        accessible trails in the fox cities                                
explore the natural beauty of the fox cities on a variety of easy to navigate trails.



                        learn more 















                        
                        options in the fox cities for accessible play                                
playtime is a highly valued part of any kid's day. it allows them to use their imaginations, socialize, explore, develop…



                        learn more 















                        
                        dishes from around the globe found in the fox cities                                
exploring global cuisine doesn't have to come at the cost of an international flight. throughout the fox cities, there are…



                        learn more 















                        
                        found in the fox                                
home of the firsts, the onlys, and all things quirky.



                        learn more 















 
 
                            email newsletter






 
 
                            destination guide













 




                            visitor center
                        
213 s. nicolet rd. appleton, wi 54914(920) 734-3358



                            hours
                        
mon - fri | 8:00am - 4:30pm




about uscontact usmedia


        site map








                            
                            ©2025 fox cities - all rights reserved 
                            -
                            


    
        privacy policy






this site uses cookies to provide you with an optimized experience.

            


    
        learn more

            accept



quick search










                        search









 




location map




 









