








forklift certification | online osha compliant training | flc


















































































































manager login
trainer login
contact us
about us
 



search for:



 



question? give us a call (888) 278-8896





















home
trainer certification
employee training kit
bundle and save
resources

faq
training blog


login

manager login
trainer login


 

















osha forklift certification 



get your team trained and certified to operate forklifts 100% osha compliant 






click here to get started now







are you a registered employer?  loginare you a registered student?   login 






























 







why choose 



our training kit? 











get training materials shipped to youincludes a binder with training materials and printed resourcesincludes a flash drive for ease of use and reuseenglish and spanish versions 










get started today!















select an option below 















 



$149.00 



forklift train the trainer 











for managers, supervisors, and foreman. osha requires a qualified trainer that can properly conduct a hands on evaluation for other employees that get forklift certified.  






learn more











 



$399.00 



forklift certification 













 get all of your employees osha compliant and certified to safely operate a forklift.



 this full forklift certification kit will be shipped to you and the training can be completed by your employees in 1 hour!
 






learn more











 



$499.00 



training bundle 













save $50 when you purchase both the “train a trainer” and the “employee training kit”



this bundle gives you everything you need to be osha compliant.
 






learn more



















not sure what's right for you?  tell us a bit about your business: 














help me choose
















 












why certify your 



forklift operators? 





improve safety in your workplace and protect employees from equipment-related injury and fatality.



be osha compliant with quality forklift certification.



save yourself from being hit with costly fines from osha.



improve productivity with capable and confident workers.
 







 











 











we have been there 



we follow osha very carefully and make sure we are always up-to-date when changes occur to rules and regulations. we have created our convenient and affordable online forklift certification program with business owners and workers in mind because we at flc have been in your shoes. we are experienced forklift operators and we know the kind of training employees look for, and we have done the research into what osha requires, to meet the request of both parties. whether you’re the owner of a small business or a large corporation, we will educate your employees in the safe handling of forklifts so you can be ready for all osha field inspections. don’t risk another moment being uncertified – complete your forklift operator training today! taking time away from work for forklift training can be extremely inconvenient and frustrating to say the least. that’s why we wanted our forklift certification to be as easy, convenient and quick to complete while providing the quality education workers need to fulfill osha’s regulations and feel confident operating heavy machinery. 







 







the many benefits of our forklift training includes: 





completion time of about one hour.



online training at either your home or during a lunch hour at work.



step-by-step learning and interactive lessons.



affordable prices.



osha compliant training to fulfill all requirements.
 







with our training, forkliftcertification.com works towards reducing the number of injuries and deaths that occur each day on worksites, and we want all businesses to be successful in following the protocols established by osha for a safer and fine-free work life. promote safety the smart way with forkliftcertification.com! 






get started now!







 








 









 




© 2025 forkliftcertification.comall rights reserved. 



resources:locationsosha training blogosha forklift training requirements 







privacy policy   |   terms   |   sitemapabout us   |   contact us 







 






























































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



