






































    
    real estate agent | denver, co | denver metro homes
  
  













                  

 

 





    




 (303) 915-4357


    


     home



  listings


   sellers



  buyers


   calculators







  our team



  testimonials



  areas we serve


   arvada, co



  boulder, co



  broomfield, co



  brighton, co



  denver, co



  erie, co



  henderson, co



  lafayette, co



  longmont, co



  northglenn, co



  thornton, co



  westminster, co





  contact






  








    
 





        ﻿
we are
denver metro homes
home of the harmes team
﻿




   



   
 who we are in
﻿86 seconds


at denver metro homes, we empower you to make smart decisions, marketing your home so you get the best price, and finding a home for you that you will totally love. we have over 30 years of experience, and a deeply personal knowledge of the area! whether you're looking to buy or sell, the harmes team is the team you can trust.    

contact us


   





   



   meet the team 



       

  jeffrey harmes
team leader / associate
  

bio




  

  stacia shane
residential marketing specialist
  

bio




  

  scott ankarlo
residential marketing specialist / realtor
  

button







  

team bios




       

    

button




  

    

button








  know your home's worth!


would you like to know what your home is worth? we can help!
 we can give you a free, no obligation market analysis of you home. it always makes smart financial sense to know what your home is worth!find out the value of your home, today!   

home valuation form




   
featured listings 



       

  $950,000
14558 madison street, brighton, co 80602 4 bedrooms | 2 baths | 3602 sq ft.
  

button








     

  $539,000
344 mcgregor lane, johnstown, co 805344 bedrooms | 2 baths | 3,548 sq ft.
  

button










     

see all listings




   



   how we can help 



           













 sell jeff's goal is to "help make your dreams become real-estate" and to make all transactions stress free. he will be your attorney-in-fact for real estate. 



       




 buy jeff has helped over 9,500 families buy and sell real estate as a top-producing agent with re/max for over 30 years.



      



 foreclosures as a cdpe (certified distress property expert) jeff can also help in getting people out of their home with a short sale process.





   



   



       

 


 contact
by phone:
(303) 915-4357
by email:
jeff@harmesteam.com
location
14697 delaware street, westminster, 80023

  







   faq's why choose denver metro homes?jeffrey harmes has remained a top-producing
real estate agent in re/max for more than 30 years. jeffrey's expertise begins with a bachelors degree in marketing and a masters degree in business. he is an unrepentant type a workaholic who loves his work. he is always on the cutting edge of marketing in this field, and his philosophy remains the same; "the only time success comes before work is in the dictionary". his dedication to his family, friends and clients is very important. he is an avid skier, loves riding his harley, volunteers as a coach and mentor at a local high school and is involved in his church. his goal is to "help make your dreams become
real-estate" and to make all transactions stress free. jeffrey's knowledge and negotiating skills will go to work for you. he will be your attorney-in-fact for
real estate. with the inception of the harmes team, he expands his knowledge and passes it directly to his clients and business associates.
our team of highly qualified
real estate agents are here to work for you, helping you with the decisions that come along with buying and selling
real estate. we have many online resources that we provide you for free, with the belief that important knowledge should be passed down to our clients. if you have any questions about real estate, or if you're ready to buy or sell property, don't hesitate! contact us today.
what does is mean to be a re/max alliance? what are the benefits?there are many benefits to buying or selling your home with the help of our re/max alliance team.
 re/max alliance groups such as the harmes team have experienced agents who will provide you with premier service. we are the most knowledgeable and qualified agents in the area! jeff harmes himself is the recipient of the highest award that a re/max agent can earn, the prestigious "circle of legends" award, that
less than 1/10th of a percent of all re/max agents earn.
we are very familiar with our community, having served here for over 2 decades. we will use our connections and leads to aid in every step of the process, from pricing, staging, and marketing your home to closing the sale.
the re/max brand has become synonymous with excellent service and real estate, and we will use the power of that reputation to help your property stand out in a competitive market.
we are part of a well-connected network with other affiliates in over 80 countries. even if you are outside of our service area we focus on, we can help give you direction or a referral if you are moving to another state or country.
we make a difference in our community! re/max is a national sponsor of both children's miracle network and of the susan g. komen breast cancer foundation race for the cure. we know that our clients are not just clients, but are fellow homeowners, neighbors, and friends.

what does re/max stand for?re/max is short for real estate maximums. founded in 1973, re/max now operates in over 100 countries, with the headquarters being right here in denver, co! 
what is the significance of the re/max hot air balloon?the re/max hot air balloon was first introduced at the albuquerque balloon fiesta in 1978. today, re/max boasts the largest hot air balloon fleet in the world with over 110 balloons. the balloon is seven stories tall, and stands for the re/max "above the crowd" commitment to quality.  this commitment has stood the test of time, becoming even more apparent over the years. when people see the re/max balloon, they think of dedicated, quality real estate services!
what are your business hours?we are open 7 days a week, from 8 am to 9 pm. we are located at 14697 delaware street, westminster, 80023.how do i contact you?jeffrey is always available by phone at (303) 915-4357, or via email at jeff@harmesteam.com. faxes may be sent to (303) 379-3833.  
if you would like to reach a specific team member, their direct numbers are listed below.  stacia shane: (720) 434-7375scott ankarlo: (303) 478-4584
if you prefer, you can also send our team a direct message using the convenient contact forms right here on our website!









        © 2025 
all rights reserved | denver metro homes 


 real estate agent


















































































































  
  share by:








