






erie metroparks | be here.























































 









facebook




twitter




instagram


directory
board of commissioners
employment
park rules
park accessibility
privacy
contact
 












home
parks

view parks
reservations
shelters & facility rentals
metrobark dog park
special permits


programs

view programs
register
program brochures
disc golf course
osborn metropark parkrun
emp nature on wheels
natural resources
request a program


get involved

volunteer
grant program
employment


our friends
contact
nature center
upcoming events

maple sugaring day
ohio wildlife youth art contest
earth day extravaganza
invasive species buy back program
citizen science challenge
spring birding


 





select page


  
 



 



 





















discover more





our parkserie metroparks maintains 14 public parks and recreation areas with over 30 miles of trails.
explore more



programserie metroparks offers over 300 free programs every year.
view programs calendar



erie metrobark dog parkbring your pet and play at our professionally maintained three acre dog park.
learn more





off trail podcastshang out with park naturalists as they talk about nature.
 
listen now



disc golf coursecome explore our 9-hole disc golf course.
 
explore course



photo gallerytake a look inside erie metroparks.
 
visit our photo gallery







50 years of conservation & preservation
 
the erie county metropolitan park district was created in 1968, with the name changed to erie metroparks in 1991. starting with osborn metropark (formerly the osborn prison honor farm), erie metroparks has grown to include 14 parks or preserves. many of the properties that are managed by the park district are maintained in their natural state in keeping with the role assigned by the ohio revised code. areas used for active recreation are designed to have minimal impact on the natural environment of the parks. each park is very unique and allows for a variety of activities for people of all ages!
 










our mission
 
erie metroparks’ mission is to conserve natural resources while connecting
the community with nature through education and exploration.
 







erie metroparks nature on wheels

erie metroparks nature on wheels is an award-winning mobile nature unit used to bring nature science to urban communities.










erie metroparks nature on wheels








our parks
facility reservations
programs
contact us





metrobark dog park
disc golf course
natural resources
staff directory




followfollowfollowfollow





the roger johnson nature center located at osborn metropark is open tuesday through saturday, 10am-4pm. the nature center is closed sundays and mondays. 











subscribe to our monthly newsletter












 











facebook




twitter




instagram


 









manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 






















