






wiscamp – wisconsin louis stokes alliance for minority participation – uw–madison



































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






wiscamp

wisconsin louis stokes alliance for minority participation




search






menu
open menu


close





home
about wiscamp
alliance & partnerships
for students
stories & updates
 








 




wisconsin louis stokes alliance for minority participation (wiscamp) is an alliance of 18 colleges and universities across the state of wisconsin. funded by the u.s. national science foundation (award #1911284), wiscamp activities at all alliance institutions are training a diverse stem workforce for wisconsin and the world.
wiscamp alliance institutions collectively work to increase the number of underrepresented minority students who:

complete their baccalaureate degrees in stem disciplines
pursue graduate degrees in stem
persist in stem career pathways

for information about wiscamp and its programs, please contact dr. dadit g hidayat at dghidayat@wisc.edu.

 
 
 
 




wisconsin louis stokes alliance for minority participation (wiscamp) acknowledges that the university of wisconsin–madison occupies ancestral ho-chunk land, a place their nation has called teejop (day-jope) since time immemorial. in an 1832 treaty, the ho-chunk were forced to cede this territory. decades of ethnic cleansing followed when both the federal and state government repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, sought to forcibly remove the ho-chunk from wisconsin. this history of colonization informs our shared future of collaboration and innovation. today, uw–madison and wiscamp respects the inherent sovereignty of the ho-chunk nation, along with the eleven other first nations of wisconsin.

 
 
 
 


 

 

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
main menuhome
about wiscamp
alliance & partnerships
for students
stories & updates


contact usrust #316
rust-schreiner hall
115 n. orchard st.
madison, wi 53715
email: wiscamp@engr.wisc.edu
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: wiscamp@engr.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











