






vacation rental software reservation software: realtimerental





































888-828-2303






over 3 million vacations started here










facebook
twitter
linkedin
rss
youtube






                                    home
                                



                                    learn more
                                    




                                            about us
                                        



                                            trust accounting
                                        



                                            website integration
                                        



                                            vacation rental marketing
                                        



                                            real estate rental solution
                                        



                                            testimonials
                                        



                                            partners
                                        



                                            press releases
                                        



                                            faq
                                        



                                            videos
                                        





                                    contact us
                                



                                    blog
                                



                                    member login
                                





















the original
cloud based vacation rental
software solution
over 3 million vacations started here










the fully integrated rental software solution for companies of any size  

 request a demo!










                realtimerental offers the most
                


powerful
secure
trusted



                rental management platform.
            

                realtimerental paved the way as the first web based vacation rental system on the market in the year 2000. what does having a cloud based software mean for your business? ease of access. realtimerental can be accessed 24/7 from any computer, laptop, or tablet with internet access. run your rental business anywhere at any time.
            












learn more





the beauty of a cloud based rental management system is that there is no need to purchase hardware or servers to host data for your office. realtimerental outsources our hosting to leading world class facilities that provide a secure and stable environment for our clients. realtimerental runs inside a private cloud environment at a maximum security datacenter. a private cloud environment means that 100% of the underlying hardware is dedicated to realtimerental and its customers. we leave the data hosting to the professionals so you have more time to do what you do best, book properties!
having web based rental reservation software will give you and your team the ability to work remotely from anywhere you have internet access. rental agents can create leases and coordinate bookings from home and everything is updated in real time. all of your offices pertinent information can be accessed via the realtimerental software anytime and anywhere.














fully integrated trust accounting
keep track of your office’s finances with fully integrated true trust accounting. realtimerental creates a full audit trail from the moment money is received through payout. no need to import data to quickbooks or do your books manually!learn more 







website integration options
whether you love your existing website or you are in the market for a new one, realtimerental has website integration features that fit your rental businesses needs. seamlessly connect your rental inventory from your software to your website.learn more 







rental marketing
increase the online exposure of your rentals with integrated distribution channels such as www.rentalretreat.com a distribution channel exclusively for professionally managed rentals. we also partner with other industry leaders to increase online visibility for your rentals. learn more 







real estate rental management solution
realtimerental understands the vacation rental market and we custom program our software to fit your real estate office’s basic business practices. looking for vacation rental software that will fit your real estate office’s needs?
learn more 











0
years in business



0
client offices nationwide



0
daily users



0
total bookings
















flexible reservation searches
enable your team to search through your rental inventory in a variety of methods resulting in a satisfied rental guest. find available properties for prospective rental guests by searching by travel dates, within a certain price range, location, amenities and more.







online booking
give your rental guests the ability to create reservations or create online booking holds 24/7 with realtimerental’s powerful online booking features. whether you want a true online booking experience or you would prefer the protection of an online booking hold that your management team approves, realtimerental’s online booking features are powerful and secure.







tenant portal
realtimerental’s tenant portal enables your rental guests to login to their secure tenant portal accounts to view details about their bookings. rental guests can make credit card payments, update their contact information, view past and current leases, and access property details right in their tenant portal accounts.







customized rental agreements
keep your brand consistency with customized reservation/rental agreements unique to your rental business. realtimerental’s reservation/rental agreements are automatically generated when you create a booking in the software with the look and feel of the document entirely up to you.







arrival and departure reporting
realtimerental gives your team the ability to prepare ahead of time for check-ins and check-outs. easily run reports that show what guests your front desk staff should be anticipating and lists of what properties need to be cleaned by your housekeeping team all simultaneously in one reservation system.









s-calc®
create reservations with ease using realtimerental’s s-calc®, a smart calculator, which provides accurate pricing and payment schedules that are completely customized to your office’s business practices and revenue processing rules.







property owner portal
realtimerental’s property owner portal enables your homeowners to view the availability and bookings of their rental property online. if your office chooses to allow them, homeowners can also view owner statements and reserve and block off time for themselves and their guests right on the realtimerental property owner portal.







work orders
manage maintenance, housekeeping, and concierge services with realtimerental’s powerful work order system. with options to distinguish work orders as non-billable for tracking purposes or billable to invoice property owners, realtimerental provides all the rental management tools needed to easily create and track work orders with a detailed work flow so nothing gets lost.







integrated credit card processing
take credit cards with an easy one step process with realtimerental’s fully integrated credit card processing. through our integrated gateway partners, vacation rent payment and slim cd, you can receive credit card payments directly in your vacation rental software.







travel insurance + accidental damage protection
offer your rental guests protection from a variety of uncontrollable events with travel insurance and accidental damage protection plans. realtimerental is fully integrated with a variety of nationally known travel insurance companies that will help your office protect guest’s travel investment, offer more protection to property owners, and generate additional revenue for your business.













get in touch



newsletter
keep up to date with realtimerental. for vacation rental news, upcoming software upgrades, rental industry related technology news, and more please enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter.




subscribe







contact us

 address: 300 3rd street suite c, ocean city, nj 08226
 phone: 888-828-2303




follow us


facebook
twitter
linkedin


rss
youtube


















                                © copyright 2025 all rights reserved.
                                strategic planning and management llc
                                realtimerental®
                            





faq


sitemap


contact us

























