















acute care diagnostics solutions - radiometer america




























































                x
            


















 

careers
acutecaretesting.org

customer login




















+
clinical settings



veterinary solution


sleep diagnostics


vascular diagnostics and wound care





+
products



blood gas analyzers


transcutaneous monitors


blood gas syringes and capillaries


veterinary solution


aqure poc it solution


1st automatic


quality manager


data insights and remote support


security


clinical intelligence





+
poc it and services




+
knowledge center



mylearning


handbooks and apps


webinars


guide to blood gas analysis


patient blood management


minimizing preanalytical errors


scientific knowledge website


customer stories


creatinine


iqcp





+
about us



careers at radiometer


history and milestones


radiometer - specialists by blood


customer experience


our mission and vision


sustainability


investigator-initiated studies


integrity and compliance


news


legal





+
contact us



contact radiometer america





+
myradiometer






customer login

careers
acutecaretesting.org
















 
discover our history                
 


















                                news release:
 radiometer celebrates 70 years in acute care diagnostics 

all news 

















radiometer's products and solutions help diagnose and care for critically ill hospital patients by providing fast, accurate information on a variety of parameters.


our analyzers, monitors, systems and software are also used in blood banks, general practice offices and clinics for the screening and treatment of a variety of conditions.




















radiometer products




                                abl blood gas analyzers
                            






                                    transcutaneous monitoring
                                






                                    safepico and pico blood gas syringes
                                






                                    clinitubes capillary tubes
                                






                                    aqure poc it solution
                                


















integrated poc it and service
connect & care is a customizable, total solution that connects and supports medical devices, data, and people to keep your poc testing setup running smoothly, placing you a step ahead to put life first.



 
learn more about connect  & care                
 






















boost your knowledge with mylearning



 access e-learning modules, videos, quizzes and augmented reality exercises on radiometer products fully on demand. sign in to myradiometer to learn more. 

read more









































minimize preanalytical errors


                        would you like support in increasing patient safety in the preanalytical phase?
                    

 
increase patient safety                
 
























aqure point-of-care it solution


                        get a complete overview of your point-of-care testing setup with aqure it solution.
                    

 
get a complete overview                
 
























delivering patient results directly to the bedside


                        results delivered directly to the patient's bedside.
                    

 
read a customer’s experience                
 






























inspired to grow your career?


                        explore job opportunities in radiometer.
                    

 
search all jobs at radiometer                
 
























scientific knowledge site


                        acutecaretesting.org is a site that combines scientific literature with daily practice on topics relevant to acute care testing.
                    

 
visit the site                
 
























get the acute care testing handbook


                        download the free guide on blood gases and other critical parameters in acute care testing.
                    

 
download now                
 


















use of cookies
 | 
contact
 | 
radiometer privacy notice





clinical settings
 

sleep diagnostics

vascular diagnostics and wound care
 
veterinary solution


products
 
 
aqure

data insights and remote support

1st automatic

blood gas analyzers

samplers

transcutaneous monitors

quality control


customer care
 
 customer portaltechnical support

 
downloads
 
 acute care testing handbook blood gas preanalytics app


on demand webinars
 

stat creatinine testing

tc monitoring in the nicu

tc monitoring in wound care

tc monitoring in sleep centers


about us
 

contact radiometer america

history and milestones

sustainability

investigator initiated studies

news





radiometeramerica.com is the website of radiometer america inc. and may contain information on products outside the us. for reference on specific blood gas testing solutions, immunoassay testing, transcutaneous monitoring, samplers, poc data management systems, qc and services available in specific markets, please go to your local radiometer country website using the dropdown below or find your local contact on www.radiometer.com.  

 

© 2025 radiometer america | 250 s. kraemer blvd. | brea | california | united states | (800) 736-0600







                            select your local site
                        
argentina
australia
austria
belgium
brazil
canada
chile
china
colombia
czech republic
denmark
france
germany
hungary
india
ireland
japan
luxemburg
malaysia
mexico
middle east and northern africa
netherlands
new zealand
peru
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
spain
switzerland
sub sahara africa
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
usa













cookies are used on this website
use of cookies 



don't show this message again






                already registered with us?
            

yes
request access


                radiometer is using microsoft azure ad to authenticate customer access. if you are already registered you will be taken to azure to sign in using your azure credentials. if you are unsure, please select i don’t know and we will guide you through the sign-in process.
            






      confirm your account with radiometer by entering your professional e-mail
    



please enter a valid email



continue

by submitting your e-mail you agree to the data policy notice
radiometer is using microsoft azure active directory to authenticate customer access. if you are already registered you will be taken to microsoft ad to sign in using your microsoft ad credentials.





            you are already registered
        

sign in

radiometer is using microsoft azure ad to authenticate customer access. if you are already registered you will be taken to azure to sign in using your azure credentials.






            thank you
            
        

            we will be sending an e-mail invitation to you shortly to sign in using microsoft azure ad.
        

close banner

radiometer is using microsoft azure ad to authenticate customer access.






            sorry
            
        

            it seems that your e-mail is not registered with us
        

try again
continue

radiometer is using microsoft azure ad to authenticate customer access. if your e-mail is not registered with us please click continue and we will guide you through the sign-in process.






            we have previously sent an invitation by e-mail
            
        

            please click "get started" in the e-mail to complete the registration process
        

resend e-mail

radiometer is using microsoft azure ad to authenticate customer access.








            sorry
            
        

            we were not able to process your request due to a communication error
        

try again







            sorry
            
        

            it seems this account has not been given access to the portal
        

continue








radiometer is using microsoft azure active directory to authenticate usersradiometer uses azure ad to provide our customers and partners secure access to documents, resources, and other services on our customer portal.if your organization is already using azure ad you can use the same credentials to access radiometer's customer portal. key benefits    allow the use of existing active directory credentials     single-sign on experience     use same credentials to access future services    request accessyou will receive an invitation to access our services via e-mail when your request  has been approved. when you accept the invitation, and your organization is already using azure ad, you can use the same credentials to access radiometer's customer portal. otherwise, a one-time password will be sent via e-mail to sign in. 










