








welcome to the official website of camp necon














































 

 


skip to content








 



home

camp necon’s anti-harassment policy


guests

artist gallery


schedule
campers
store
history

hall of fame


registration
directions
menu



search for:





























 








available now!





camp necon 42 commemorative items(benefitting the camp necon traditionally marginalized voices scholarship fund)
available now through july 31st, 2024, at the link below.all credit for these awesome items, and more importantly this awesome initiative, goes to errick nunnally. errick, thank you for all your amazing work and your even more amazing heart!
click here to order
the tradition continues.


necon xl: 40 years of blood, sweat and fears
edited by bracken macleodpublished by haverhill house publishingcover art by lynne hansen • interior design by errick nunnally
featuring stories from campers who span the history of the convention — from former guests of honor to new voices who are carrying the genre into the future. also featuring artwork from some of camp necon’s finest visual artists.
this anthology debuted at camp necon 40, where a special limited edition was gifted to every attendee. a trade paperback edition will be available very shortly. 
latest news:
 
camp necon 43 registration now open (at early bird special)!
july 29, 2024august 11, 2024
 

							dear campers,

short and sweet — registration for camp necon 43 (7/17/25 – 7/20/25) is now officially open!


		





				eric larocca
				




				cynthia pelayo
				




				errick nunnally
				




				dan brereton
				




				richard dansky
				




				robert mccammon
				




				ellen datlow
				


writer guests of honor: eric larocca, cynthia pelayo & errick nunnally
artist guest of honor: dan brereton
toastmaster: richard dansky
necon legends: robert mccammon & ellen datlow
please trust us when we say that slots for this year are filling fast, so please click here to register today!						



click above to order our charity anthology benefitting the jimmy fund / dana-farber cancer institute
please click here to email us with any questions or comments.














 



 



 



 


 
a siteorigin theme






























