


lumberg - passion for connections













































lumberg
passion for connections


menu


de
en
中文


products

range

rast connector systems
more pcb connector systems
high-current contact elements
circular connectors
datacom connectors
harnessing equipment


business units

automotive
building technology
home appliances
mobile radio networks/aisg
industry/more business units




services

development
industrialization
production


product selector










about us

portrait
history
locations
management
certifications
references


news
career

vacancies

apprenticeships
professionals


apprenticeship
working at lumberg
prospects


contact
publications


mybox









 
premiere at the “home of the rast connector”: rast 1.5 saves another 43 % in size compared to the already small rast 2.5. 
 



 
our radically fast and highly innovative shielded aisg connectors:for the field, and when targeting high volumes for pre-assembly. 
 



 
not a wheel that turns without us:800 car models from 100 brands rely on our connectors and modules on board – from conventional to pure electric vehicles. 
 



 
homebase sauerland:high-tech hub to the electronics industry in germany’s third-strongest industrial area. 
 



 
heat pumps, fuel cells, solar thermal:our rast connectors control modern technology in every heating system. 
 



 
we are an independent, german family business in the third generation and a specialist for connectors – and have been since 92 years. 
 



 
first choice in home appliances:the uncompromising quality of our wide rast range in pitch 1.5, 2.5 and 5. 
 





latest news


 october 14, 2024
press release new high-current contact tested to lv215:  pluggable on three sides for smt and tht soldering

                            schalksmühle, 14.10.2024. lumberg expands its portfolio of high-current contacts ...                        




october 9, 2024
press release lumberg establishes own company in turkey

                            schalksmühle, 09.10.2024. for exactly 91 years, the globally operating manufacturer ...                        




august 13, 2024
press release lumberg welcomes eleven new trainees

                            schalksmühle, 13.08.2024. for exactly 91 years now, the globally active manufacturer ...                        




events


10. february – 12. february 2025
ahr expo, orlando, fl, usa
booth 8079, lumberg, inc.


25. february – 26. february 2025
all about automation, friedrichshafen, germany
hall b1, booth 520, lumberg connect gmbh


6. march – 7. march 2025
all about connection, shanghai, china
booth d27, lumberg electronics (shanghai) ltd.


11. march – 14. march 2025
global industrie, lyon, france
hall 6, booth a110, lumberg connect gmbh






business units


automotive
products or sub-assemblies - we drive them.




building technology
at home in your industry.





home appliance
more than a rast specialist.




mobile radio networks/aisg
be it aisg, network or tower, ret and tma - we connect you.




industry/more business units
to the applications, products and ideas for additional target markets.




product selector
fast forward to the product of your choice.




lumberg – about us








we are an independent, family-run company based in germany – and have been since 92 years now. our success is based on sustainable performance, technical solution competence – and our “passion for connections”.
with a track record of expertise, our products and systems solutions support an industrial environment – worldwide. we engineer and produce connectors and contact systems, electromechanical elements and mechatronic components of outstanding quality for your individual technical application. we focus on auto-motive, building technology, home appliance and mobile radio networks – let lumberg put its decades of connector design and manufacturing experience to work for you.

portrait


working at lumberg








those who dream big – in smallest dimensions – have come to the right place.
from the first tv set to the apollo landing on the moon, to the electric car – big challenges motivate people to achieve great things. our products were always a part of this. whether in 1934, in 1969 and since 2011: we want to shape the future of electrical engineering in which we have been playing a leading role for over 92 years. this is why lumberg offers its employees everything they need to champion tomorrow’s demands: appealing tasks in pioneering projects; congenial teams and freedom for one’s personal development. our company distinguishes itself with a family-like atmosphere, short decision-making channels, innovative processes, precision products, the concentration on specific business fields only – and our passion for connections.
at lumberg, quality ranks first and foremost in everything we do. it isn’t just about creating top-quality products you’ll find nowhere else. there’s more to it. it’s about accomplishing things and achieving results where others throw up their hands. regardless of whether you make the impossible possible as an engineer at lumberg, galvanize one of our teams in our commercial divisions, or are just beginning to let your talent shine – for every small step we take together to reach our shared goals, you also move closer to achieving your own professional ambitions.
discover how tradition and innovation unify under one roof – in a company which lives up to its corporate social responsibility in the region and is a pillar of dependability for its employees. start with a family-run company – and stay for the corporate citizenship, the cost-efficient way of doing business, and the pro-environment mind-set.

vacancies






copyright by lumberg holding © 2025


imprint
legal notes
terms and conditions of sale and purchase

lumberg connect gmbh

terms and conditions of purchase
terms and conditions of sale


lumberg asia pacific pte. ltd., singapore

terms and conditions of sale


lumberg electronics (shanghai) ltd., china

terms and conditions of sale (en)
terms and conditions of sale (zh)


lumberg, inc., usa

terms and conditions of sale




downloads

corporate

certificates
publications


products


sitemap

















































