

















assessor | park county, co








 















skip to main content























 












search







 
 
 


    county government      departments      about us      services      visitors  


 

 

 

 

 



















 
homedepartmentsassessor












assessor		






change of address | search property data | pay taxes onlineresponsibilitiesthe park county assessor's office is responsible for:locating, valuing, and classifying all taxable property within park countycollecting and reporting all values to the special districtshandling all requests from the publichandling all property transfers for property ownersthe park county assessor is an elected official, serving a 4-year term of office utilizing the guiding framework of article x, section 3 of the colorado state constitution. the assessor must determine the fair market value of properties, applying consistent standards while adhering to the classification and assessment rates established for different property types, such as residential, commercial, or agricultural. this is done to ensure that all properties within the county is assessed uniformly and equitably according to colorado statutes. the assessor does not determine the property tax rates because the mill levies (i.e. tax levies and/or tax rates) are set by the taxing authorities who are the county commissioners (bocc), school boards, town council and directors of districts of which all are voted in by the taxpayers. property taxes are calculated by multiplying the assessor's assessed value times the tax rate which equals the tax amount you pay annually. by following these constitutional principles, the assessor ensures compliance with state law, promotes fairness in taxation, and provides a stable foundation for local government revenue.



 
 
 







quick links







go to the assessor's office for a change of address.



colorado assessors' association



colorado division of property taxation





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







faqs








an owner of a property died. how do i remove this owner’s name from the deed?


how do you add a person to a property deed?


what are the camping regulations in park county?




view all




/faq.aspx




 
 
 





 







contact







monica jonesassessoremail this department856 castello avep.o. box 636fairplay, co 80440phone: 719-836-4331fax: 719-836-4193hours7 am - 5:30 pm 2025 holiday schedule
 






  
 
 



 





abstract of assessment




additional property forms




agricultural property




commercial/industrial property




general information





elected officials






legal notices





notice of valuation




real property appeal legal notice (pdf)






personal/residential property




property tax appeal process





appeal information




online appeal instructions




appraisal methods




reappraisal and appeal process






property tax exemptions for disabled veterans/surviving spouses, gold star spouses & senior citizens





disabled veterans property tax exemption




disabled veterans surviving spouse property tax exemption




gold star spouses property tax exemption




senior citizens property tax exemption






releasing deeds of trust





 





 














agendas & minutes








job opportunities










 
 














fire restrictions








pay property taxes










 
 














public records








permits & code enforcement










 
 
 



 















 






  
 













park county, colorado
 




856 castello avenue
 




fairplay, co 80440
 




phone: 719-836-2771
 




fax: 719-836-3273
 




additional addresses
 






  
 













facebook








twitter








nextdoor










 
 
 














contact us







accessibility







privacy







copyright notices







government websites by civicplus®













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









