the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle - official websiteskip to main contentmain navigationour brandsspecial offersmeetings & eventssign in or joinsecondary navigationmy stayshelplocation searchnavigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.select room and guest count1 room, 1 guestselect rate typeratesfind hotel
          <iframe
            src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wz2w5c"
            height="0"
            width="0"
            style="display:none; visibility:hidden"
            aria-hidden="true"
          ></iframe>
        the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattlewelcome to seattle1007 first avenue, seattle, wa 98104206.624.4844check-in: 4:00 pmcheckout: 11:00 amexperience the perfect blend of charm, warmth, and contemporary sophistication at our hotel in seattle downtown. indulge in delicious contemporary cuisine and cocktails at the bookstore bar & café and stay fit with the peloton bike at our state-of-the-art fitness center—all just steps away from your room.prepare to be immersed in comfort as you enjoy breathtaking city views and explore nearby attractions such as the seattle waterfront, pioneer square, and pike place market. settle in, embrace a slice of seattle’s captivating history, and embark on an unforgettable journey through the city with the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle.long live the guest at the royal sonesta. read more +seattle diningjoin us at the bookstore bar & cafe for coffee, pastries, cocktails, and other light bites—plus, plenty of good books!discover our diningmeetings & events in seattlefind the perfect setting for your next gathering with our versatile meeting and event spaces.explore our spacesseattle wedding venue find the perfect setting for your dream seattle wedding at the alexis royal sonesta.explore our venues accommodationsselect your roomawards & recognition2024 aaa best of scenic view2024 tripadvisor travelers' choiceexplore sonesta+30take a visual tourphoto gallery+27special offersdeals & offers at our hotel in seattle downtownpike place market packagediscover seattle's iconic waterfront destination, the world-famous pike place market.book nowlearn morelet your love show​celebrate love now through february with our romance packages. they’re perfect for surprising that special someone, celebrating valentine’s day, or just giving yourself a little more love.book nowlearn moreseattle harbor cruise adventureset sail on a journey around seattle's iconic waterfront with a 1-hour sightseeing harbor cruise for two.book nowlearn moreshow more offers + explore the areawhat's nearbyabout the hotelhotel detailsour hotelproperty mascotpet policydestination feecheck-in policyamenities & featuresin-room amenitiesparking & transportationfitness centerchroma salondiningthe bookstore bar & cafein-room dininglocal areapike place marketspace needle seattle aquariumwoodland park zoot-mobile parkoutdoor activities running bikinghiking whale watchingbeachesparks romantic getawaysmeetings & eventssports certified group travelweddingsvenuesoffersfaqsabout our downtown seattle hotelexperience the essence of seattle's vibrant spirit at the alexis, nestled in the heart of the city near the picturesque waterfront. discover a perfect blend of comfort and convenience in our well-appointed rooms, offering ample space for work and relaxation. thoughtful amenities and facilities cater to your every need, ensuring a comfortable and seamless stay. whether you're here for business or pleasure, our flexible meeting spaces are equipped with high-speed wi-fi, allowing you to stay connected and productive. when it's time to unwind, our state-of-the-art fitness center invites you to rejuvenate your senses and maintain your wellness routine. plus, indulge in delectable culinary experiences at the bookstore bar & café, where thoughtfully prepared meals and refreshing drinks await. step outside our doors and embrace the enchanting landmarks and renowned sites that seattle has to offer. from the captivating waterfront to the vibrant city streets, every moment promises to be filled with cultural richness and natural beauty. the marquis of seattlegreeting travelers far and wide at the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle is the marquis of seattle. like the orcas guests’ can spot off the seattle coast, he steals the show with a friendly smile . catch majestic beauties like our marquis from the shore at alki beach in west seattle, just a short drive from here! it might rain in seattle but the marquis of seattle will make sure no one rains on your parade while you’re in the emerald city.pet friendly hotel in seattlewe love your furry friends as much as you do. sonesta is proud to invite your cuddly companions and provide special amenities like comfy pet beds, bowls, waterproof mats, and treats at check-in. we’ll greet your pet with an arrival letter outlining our local recommendations for a "pawsome" stay. we're also excited to feature a variety of innovative, pet-safe products from fable, both in-room and available for sale, to give our canine guests an extra-special stay.the alexis royal sonesta hotel is pet friendly and welcomes well-mannered pets, with no breed or weight restrictions. up to two pets are permitted per suite. $80 fee per stay applies.discover our pets are welcome at sonesta (paws) policy.destination fee at our seattle hotel room rates are subject to a daily destination fee of $25.00 (plus applicable taxes), which includes:a $12 credit in the bookstore café and bar (non-cumulative) and/or minibar credit two bottles of water in guest room upon arrival24-hour fitness centers accessthe 1000 block card with discounts at local stores and restaurantsguest room wi-fione hour use of the studio meeting room (upon availability)local and long distance calls from guest roomcheck-in / checkout policy at our hotel in seattle downtownwe provide various options to facilitate a hassle-free check-in and checkout process, such as early check-in and late checkout. however, please keep in mind that these alternatives are subject to both availability and charges.the standard check-in time is at 4:00pm, and checkout is until 11:00am. we understand that some guests may require flexibility, and we strive to accommodate their needs whenever possible. it is important to note that the minimum age required for check-in is 21 years old, and valid identification may be requested upon arrival. our goal is to ensure a comfortable and enjoyable stay for all our guests.amenities at our hotel in downtown seattleat the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle, we are proud to offer a wide array of amenities and services designed to make your stay as comfortable and effortless as possible. additionally, if you have any special requests for your stay, we would love to make them happen. contact us at 206.624.4844.chroma salonescape to the tranquil chroma salon during your seattle getaway. explore our list of hair treatments featuring a full line of aveda products.the shops at the alexisthe specialty shops at the alexis royal sonesta hotel allow guests to enjoy all the benefits of downtown seattle shopping without ever leaving the hotel.free wifistay connected during your stay with our complimentary high-speed wifi, available throughout the hotel, ensuring you can browse, stream, and connect with ease.housekeepingplease note that for short stays, housekeeping services are limited, and "light touch" service is provided upon request. to refill amenities and remove trash, please make the request by noon. for stays longer than six nights, full housekeeping services will be provided.dry cleaning serviceslaundry and dry cleaning services available. please inquire with the hotel team to make arrangements.seattle jogging pathsfor runners seeking a scenic workout, check out the city’s invigorating jogging paths and trails right outside our door. in-room amenities at our hotel in seattle, washingtonour thoughtfully appointed guest rooms feature refined decor, custom hardwood finishes, and fine furnishings, including the following amenities:walk-in showersofaarmchairwork desk with chairmini-bar/ mini-fridge iron/ironing boardcomplimentary wi-filaptop-size safeflat-screen television with premium movie channelsplease note amenities may vary by room. more details can be found during room selection. downtown seattle parkingwe offer secure, covered valet parking with in and out privileges for a fee of $50 per night (subject to availability), providing convenient and hassle-free parking for our guests.alternatively, guests can also use the parking garage or accessible parking options. please note that self-parking is not available through the hotel. height and length restrictions apply, and oversized vehicles are not permitted. fitness center at our seattle downtown hotel work out in style at the alexis royal sonesta hotel. our award-winning fitness facility, located on the 3rd and 4th floors, offers guests the latest in cardio and strength training equipment, including a rock-climbing wall, monkey bars, and a peloton bike. the full equipment lineup includes: cardio peloton bike life fitness treadmills and summit trainers life fitness recumbent bike and assault air bike concept2 rowing machine plyo boxes jump ropes public bikes available through the front desk strength training rock climbing wall for lateral traverse swiss balls dumbbells, from 3 to 40 pounds flat bench monkey bars/pull-up bar 2 sets of rings medicine balls kettlebells flexibility resistance bands and flex bands yoga mats, blocks, and straps foam rollers and abmats exercise mats in-room yoga mat + yoga channel peloton bike hit your fitness goals while on the go with our peloton bike. keep your workouts fresh with different themes, difficulty levels and music genres. with classes that range from 5 to 90 minutes, find a ride for every mood. seattle hotel with hair salonescape to the tranquil chroma salon during your seattle getaway. chroma salon has served the seattle area for over 10 years by providing guests with gorgeous haircuts and blowouts, relaxing hair treatments, and a welcoming atmosphere.  explore the full menu, pricing, and stylists available. salon services wash & blow-dry haircuts botanical repair treatments color services & treatments to make an appointment, call chroma salon at 206.682.0748 or book your services online here. discover our restaurant in the heart of seattle's "dining district"discover our stellar bookstore restaurant just off the hotel lobby. enjoy our restaurant's classic american fare complimented by classic cocktails, an award-winning bourbon selection, and a stellar list of american wines.excited about a night out? the alexis hotel's incredible location within the "hot dining triangle" of pioneer square, pike place market, and the waterfront offers a myriad of dining options.the bookstore bar & cafeif your love for high-quality dining is as strong as your appetite for well-written literature, the bookstore bar & café is guaranteed to be your happy place. the bookstore uses local ingredients to their highest potential, and the bartenders serve up beautifully crafted cocktails, wines, and rare whiskeys you won’t find just anywhere. large windows let you look out to bustling 1st avenue while you hunker down in the ideal spot to eat, drink, read, and be merry.hoursbar:daily from 4:00 pm - 11:00 pmdinner:sunday to thursday: 4:00 pm - 10:00 pmfriday and saturday: 4:00 pm - 11:00 pmreserve a tableview menu in-room dining at our seattle downtown hotelin-room dining is currently unavailable.the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle provides full dinner settings, and the food is kept in its original packaging to avoid additional handling. one of our team members safely delivers the trays to the room. attractions near our seattle downtown hotel from iconic landmarks to vibrant neighborhoods, seattle offers a plethora of experiences for every kind of traveler. immerse yourself in the breathtaking beauty of the nearby waterfront, explore iconic landmarks, indulge in world-class shopping, or indulge your taste buds at the city's renowned dining scene. whatever your interests may be, our hotel's prime location ensures that you'll be in the center of it all, making your stay with us an unforgettable experience. hotel near pike place marketlocated only 0.5 miles from the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle, pike place market is a bustling destination that offers a sensory feast for visitors. here, you'll find a vibrant mix of local vendors, artisans, and farmers, showcasing an array of fresh produce, delectable seafood, and unique crafts. immerse yourself in the lively atmosphere as you navigate through the cobblestone streets, indulge in delicious treats, and witness the talented street performers who add an extra touch of magic to this historic market. hotel near space needlelocated only 1.4 miles from our downtown seattle hotel, the space needle is an iconic symbol of seattle’s skyline. with its futuristic design and breathtaking views, it offers visitors an unforgettable experience. as you ascend to the top of this architectural marvel, prepare to be amazed by the panoramic vistas of the city, the glistening waters of puget sound, and the majestic mount rainier in the distance. hotel near seattle aquariumdive into a world of marine wonders at the seattle aquarium, where curiosity and exploration meet the captivating beauty of the underwater realm. located only 1.5 miles from our downtown seattle hotel, this renowned attraction offers a fascinating journey through diverse aquatic ecosystems found in the pacific northwest and beyond. hotel near woodland park zooembark on a wild adventure at woodland park zoo, a haven of natural wonders located 6.4 miles from the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle. spanning over 92 acres, this award-winning zoo is home to a diverse collection of animals from around the globe. journey through different habitats, from the lush african savanna to the dense rainforests of asia, and encounter majestic creatures like lions, elephants, giraffes, and more. hotel near t-mobile parkthe premier destination for baseball fans in seattle is located only a mile away from our seattle downtown hotel. immerse yourself in the electric atmosphere as you cheer on the mariners alongside thousands of passionate fans. feel the excitement build as you witness thrilling home runs, incredible catches, and the crack of the bat echoing throughout the stadium. outdoor activities near our downtown seattle hotelnestled between the majestic mountains and the shimmering waters of puget sound, seattle offers a plethora of outdoor activities that will captivate nature lovers of all kinds. hike along picturesque trails that wind through ancient forests, kayak through pristine waters teeming with marine life, or embark on exhilarating mountain biking excursions with stunning panoramic views as your backdrop.whether you seek thrilling outdoor escapades or serene moments of tranquility, seattle presents an endless playground for exploration, ensuring unforgettable experiences and a deep connection with nature. seattle running trails whether you prefer urban trails, waterfront routes, or natural escapes, these top five running destinations in seattle provide the perfect backdrop for an exhilarating and rewarding running experience. lace up, hit the pavement, and embrace the vibrant running culture of the emerald city.  green lake park: runners flock to this urban oasis, featuring a picturesque 2.8-mile loop trail around the lake. enjoy the scenic beauty, well-maintained paths, and vibrant atmosphere. burke-gilman trail: this iconic 27-mile trail stretches along the shoreline of lake washington and the ship canal, offering a fantastic route with breathtaking water views and easy access to various neighborhoods. discovery park: escape to nature in this expansive 534-acre park, where you can explore a network of trails through woodlands and enjoy stunning vistas of the puget sound and olympic mountains. elliott bay trail: experience the beauty of seattle's waterfront on this 3.4-mile trail. run along the shoreline, marvel at the city skyline, and soak in the magnificent views of the olympic mountains and puget sound. seward park: located on a peninsula extending into lake washington, seward park offers a tranquil escape with a 2.4-mile loop trail surrounded by lush forests. enjoy a serene run with glimpses of the lake through the trees. bike trails in seattle seattle is a paradise for biking enthusiasts, offering a plethora of scenic and diverse trails that cater to riders of all levels. explore the city's network of bike paths and trails and discover the natural beauty that surrounds this vibrant urban environment.the burke-gilman trail, spanning 27 miles, winds along the picturesque shores of lake washington and the ship canal, providing a scenic route with stunning water views.for mountain biking enthusiasts, duthie hill park offers thrilling trails with challenging terrain and thrilling downhill runs.the interurban trail takes cyclists on a journey through lush green forests and tranquil neighborhoods, while the alki trail provides a scenic coastal ride along the sandy shores of alki beach. hiking near seattlewhether you're a seasoned hiker or a beginner, seattle's hiking trails promise unforgettable experiences and a deep connection with the natural wonders of the pacific northwest. discover the enchanting beauty of the pacific northwest by hiking the iconic trails of mount rainier national park, where you'll be rewarded with awe-inspiring vistas of majestic mountains and pristine alpine meadows. for a closer-to-home escape, the enchanting discovery park offers scenic trails that wind through lush forests and lead to breathtaking views of puget sound.for those seeking a challenging hike, the rattlesnake ledge trail rewards with panoramic views of the surrounding mountains and lake rattlesnake.closer to the city, the cougar mountain regional wildland park provides an extensive trail network that meanders through old-growth forests and offers glimpses of wildlife.seattle whale watching set sail on the sparkling waters of puget sound and be captivated by the awe-inspiring sight of magnificent whales in their natural habitat. experience the thrill of spotting graceful orcas as they breach the surface and playfully interact with their pod. these majestic creatures, known as the "wolves of the sea," will leave you in awe with their powerful presence. as you cruise along, keep an eye out for other marine wildlife such as seals, sea lions, and porpoises, adding to the excitement of your journey.seattle beachesescape to the beautiful beaches of seattle and soak up the sun while embracing the laid-back coastal vibe. with its stunning shoreline along puget sound and lake washington, seattle offers an array of beach destinations to suit every preference.alki beach, with its sandy shores and breathtaking views of the city skyline, provides the perfect setting for a relaxing day by the water.golden gardens park invites visitors to stroll along its sandy beach, enjoy a picnic with friends, or even roast marshmallows over a beachside bonfire.for a quieter and more secluded experience, head to discovery park beach, nestled within the expansive discovery park. parks near seattlewith countless parks dotting the city, each with its own charm and character, seattle ensures that nature is never too far away.discovery park, with its stunning views of puget sound and lush hiking trails, provides an idyllic retreat from city life.volunteer park enchants with its historic charm, picturesque gardens, and the iconic volunteer park conservatory. for families, magnuson park offers expansive playgrounds, sports fields, and even a dog park for furry friends to frolic.meanwhile, gas works park intrigues with its industrial remnants, offering a unique blend of history and stunning views of downtown seattle. romantic hotel in seattlewhether you're celebrating a special occasion or simply reveling in each other's company, our downtown hotel in seattle is the ultimate destination for a romantic getaway that will ignite passion and create cherished moments that will be treasured forever.stroll hand-in-hand through the charming streets of pike place market, discovering hidden gems and enjoying the aroma of freshly brewed coffee. take a leisurely cruise on the sparkling waters of elliott bay, basking in the breathtaking views of the seattle skyline as the sun sets on the horizon. for a romantic dinner, explore the city's vibrant culinary scene, with an array of cozy restaurants offering delectable cuisine and intimate atmospheres. return to our hotel and unwind in a spacious suite, where comfort and tranquility set the stage for romance. with its perfect blend of urban excitement and romantic charm, our downtown seattle hotel provides an enchanting backdrop for an unforgettable romantic escape. meeting spaces in seattlestart an rfp explore venue instant book venue view menuforget business as usual. we want to make things a little unusual — in only the best way — by providing you with the space and amenities to mix things up. an ideal downtown location, sophisticated style, and sonesta hospitality make the alexis royal sonesta hotel a wise choice for your next meeting.hotel highlights4,000+ sq. ft. of total event space6 meeting rooms121 guest rooms and suiteslargest room at 1700+ sq.ft.max reception capacity: 180max seated capacity: 120contact usthe alexis royal sonesta hotel is the perfect venue for conferences, training sessions, meetings and events of all sizes. contact the sales and catering department for new group events or meeting inquiries.start an rfp explore venue instant book venue contact our sales team view menusports certified group travelat the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle, we go above and beyond to welcome sports groups of all ages and types. our seattle location and sports-friendly amenities make us a favorite among sports group travel.we are proud to uphold our sports certified status through the sonesta international hotels corporation family of hotels. this certification means that our hotel has undergone industry specific training and has demonstrated the ability to successfully accommodate sports groups.we offer special sports group amenities that focus on creating convenience and value for your team, so you can concentrate on the game.breakfast included in rateparking included in ratecomplimentary wificomplimentary meeting space (if available on site)contact our sales office at 206.624.4844 to book a group room block for your team or book your own room here.wedding venues in seattle, wadiscover the epitome of elegance and refinement for your special day at our downtown seattle hotel.  immerse yourself in exceptional spaces and indulge in extraordinary culinary offerings that will leave a lasting impression on you and your guests. located in the vibrant west end neighborhood, our hotel offers stunning views of downtown and the seattle waterfront from our 88 beautifully appointed rooms and 33 elevated suites.  the crown jewel of our venue is the grand parlor room, adorned with a charming brick facade, providing an exquisite backdrop for your ceremony and reception. our dedicated catering staff will meticulously plan every detail to ensure a seamless and unforgettable wedding experience. with its unrivaled ambiance and impeccable service, weddings at the alexis royal sonesta hotel are truly affairs to be cherished and remembered for a lifetime. explore venue contact usready to plan your big day or wedding celebration?start an rfpexplore our seattle wedding venuesthe grand parlorhave the grandest wedding in our grand parlor! this room boasts captivating floor-to-ceiling windows and a beautiful brick façade, making for an inspiring space to celebrate your “i do’s”. as the hotel’s largest event space, the grand parlor is perfect for wedding receptions, cocktail hours, and rehearsal dinners.the grand parlor can be separated into two, and couples can book our parlor room or drawing room for a more intimate setting in this space.author’s cornerhost an intimate reception, brunch, or rehearsal dinner in our author’s corner space. sit among tufted leather booths, handsomely bound books, and floor-to-ceiling windows, all of which create a cozy ambiance for your special event.the gallery roomthe gallery room offers a cozy, intimate atmosphere perfect for small wedding ceremonies, rehearsal dinners, and brunches. the space features a beautiful wood-burning fireplace, floor-to-ceiling windows, and a balcony.seattle wedding packagesyour perfect day comes with the perfect getaway!with sonesta travel pass, you have even more to look forward to beyond your wedding day: complimentary nights at your choice of sonesta hotels and resorts. it's one more way sonesta can help you celebrate with warm hospitality and personalized service.  book your wedding at the alexis royal sonesta hotel and earn up to 150,000 bonus travel pass points! $15,000 in catering spend earn an extra 75,000 bonus points, for a total of 225,000 points.$25,000 catering spend earn an extra 120,000 bonus points, for a total of 270,000 points$50,000 catering spend earn an extra 250,000 bonus points, for a total of 400,000 pointsclick here to learn morefaqs about the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle  1. when is check-in/checkout time at the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle? do you offer early check-in or late checkout?  the check-in time is 4:00pm while the checkout time is 11:00am. we do offer early check-in and late checkout, subject to availability.   2. do you offer shuttle services from the airport to your seattle hotel?unfortunately, we do not offer shuttle services to and from the airport.3. do you offer room service? what are the hours?please note that room service is currently unavailable. we apologize for the inconvenience.  4. does the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle offer a free breakfast?we do not offer complimentary breakfast. you can grab a quick bite at our bookstore bar & café or explore the surrounding restaurants in the area.5. do you have on-site parking? is it included in my room rate?yes. the alexis royal sonesta hotel features on-site parking space. the parking fee is $50 per night (subject to availability) and is not included in the room rate.6. is the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattle among the pet-friendly hotels in seattle? yes, we’re among the pet-friendly hotels in seattle 7. is there a minimum age for check-in? yes, guests must be at least 21 years old to check in.     the royal sonesta united states washington seattle the alexis royal sonesta hotel seattleconnect with sonestastayspecial offerslocationsmeetings & eventsegypt hotels & cruisesextended stay hotelspet-friendly hotelssupportmy staysmy accountneed help?travel sospaws at sonestashop sonestacompanyabout ussonesta travel passpartnershipsfranchisingcareersnewsroomcorporate responsibilitywebsiteprivacy policymanage cookiesterms of usedo not sell or share my datasitemapsonesta international hotelssonesta travel pass the royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortsmod sonesta collectionsonesta selectred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature innthe royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortssonesta selectmod sonesta collectionred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature inn© 2025 sonesta international hotels corporation. all rights reserved.

