haven la chance hotel - hotel camping morocco holidays
hotel services
gallery
prices
contact





welcome!
to haven la chance hotel-camping, your desert hotel while travelling in erg chebbi dunes aka merzouga dunes, in south-east moroccan sahara. 
the sahara desert is one of the world’s best kept secrets that only a few have the privilege to travel to.


​​hotel camping services

the hotel
camel trekking
desert tents
activities
campsite


​​the hotel

our hotel in merzouga is the best choice if you’re looking for a modern clean typical desert hotel with palm trees by the erg chebbi sand dunes. inside our grove of olive trees you’ll find a huge 77 m2 swimming pool. take time for yourself, relax and enjoy the sahara desert in our company.
accommodations
the hotel has 15 modern bedrooms with showers and toilets en suite and a/c. plus 5 large modern suites- some have two rooms, showers, toilet and a/c included. three nomad berber tents surrounding the swimming pool provide a more casual sleeping option. five superior hotel tents with showers and toilets ensuite by the hotel are between normal tents and rooms and are unique amongst palm trees.erfoud sahara city 42kmerrachidia region capital 122 kmrestaurantvegetarian meals prepared
regional restaurant
haven la chance berber restaurant serves healthy local berber food, also vegetarian food, all made to order with local ingredients from the region. if you ever thought on how food would taste in sahara, we invite you to dinner and taste the best moroccan food has to offer.our typical berber dishes vary from couscous to different types tajine, kalia, harira. however – our desert specialty is mechui – roasted lamb baked in an adobe oven – accompanied by gnaoui musicians. (min. 6 people).the price for dinner is 70 dirhams.
how to get there?
for the most adventurous with 4×4 you can directly take the desert tracks off from rissani or even erfoud. hassilabied is located 34km from rissani, 42km from erfoud and 135km from errachidia.from rissani, drive towards merzouga. before merzouga, there is a road sign for hassilabied village on the left and then a petrol/gas station far ahead on the right. take a left into hassilabied. then a right on asphalt road for 1 mile where you will see our hotel sign indicating a left turn into our hotel. from erfoud, cross the bridge and drive on asphalt road throught the desert towards the sand dunes. pass through village of hassilabied taking a right and drive short distance to the sign on the right indicating our hotel and campsite is on the left in front of the sands dunes.

road distances to merzouga
khemlyia village 6km taouz 24km rissani desert town34km, erfoud sahara city 55km errachidia region capital 135km ouarzazate moroccan hollywood city 460km fes imperial city 505km marrakesh berber capital 670km casablanca at the atlantic ocean 755km tangier northern border 785km rabat state capital 846km
desert hotel services
overnight camel excursions in the dunes camel trekking merzouga for sunset / sunrise camel excursions several days like a nomad 4×4, quad or sand buggy rides trekking / walking with guide visit merzouga, rissani skiing, sand boarding, hand gliding rentals special arrangements for groups
googlemap of morocco

​​camel trekking

a camel excursion from haven la chance is the highlight of your desert visit to merzouga.an overnight camel excursion with a campfire dinner under the black sky with 1000’s of stars and falling meteorites is an incredible soul cleansing experience.or an early sunrise/sunset ride to the dunes while sleeping at our hotel. the more adventurous can experience a longer 6 day camel excursion living the life of a desert nomad.
6 camel trek in sahara dunesthis itinerary is flexible as your camel man knows what to do, a possible sand storm or sudden rain storm requires improvising- and he is an expert at that and knows what to do. all meals and water and tea are provided.a typical trek includes:you begin your adventure of camel trekking merzouga by collecting your camel in the afternoon by the fossil beds outside of erfoud. a short ride here to become familiar with your “ship” in the desert and bed down after a campfire dinner. perhaps stay with local folks or sleep under the stars with your bedding that has been provided.next morning, you travel along the black desert with volcanic rock, pass by the dry river bed and the tisserdimine oasis is where you spend the night.the next day, you are comfortable with your beast and can maneuver a bit in the sand dunes with your camel while looking for nomads to camp with. they roam around so no guarantees.next day, continue south in the center of sand dunes and sleep there.this day brings another oasis in the dunes where you rest behind the tall dunes of merzouga.you visit the mfes lead mines, the village of merzouga with its famous lake with flamingoes (not may these days) and camp near haven la chance – desert hotel merzouga.

camel trek sunset/ sunrise
this is a thrilling experience for the ones not willing to spend much time inside the dunes. this option gives you the chance of cruising on camel back on the dunes just for a couple of hours.you’ll be taken by one of our employees on camel back, into the dunes and you’ll spot on the best spot there is to watch either sun set or sun rise.after this small desert tour you’ll return to the hotel, and if in the morning you will have a great breakfast ahead of you; if in the afternoon you’ll have a refreshing mint tea waiting for your arrival.
camel trek overnight bivouac
this option gives you the chance of cruising on camel back on the dunes for a few of hours and get to know the desert. if the weather is cool, you have a nomad tent to sleep in or perhaps share a tent with nomads.
googlemap of morocco

​​desert tents

haven la chance offers three opportunities for bivouac in merzouga. this means sleeping in an original berber nomad tent on mats and with clean bedding on the sahara sand. it allows you to experience more of the evening and night adventure of the desert.you can peek out and look at the stars and rising sun. the tents sleep from 4 to 8 and normally share the tent with your group.
dunes overnight bivouac this is fully discussed under camel trips. if the weather is cool, you have a nomad tent to sleep in or perhaps share a tent with nomads. after camel trekking merzouga dunes during sun set you’ll accommodate yourself in a real nomad camp right in the middle of the dunes.

hotel overnight bivouac
dinner and breakfast at the hotel. sleep in original nomad tents under the stars and watch the sunrise. toilets/showers nearby.
bivouac / mechui fete
this is a special desert event for a minimum of 8 people. sleep in original nomad tents under the stars and watch the sunrise. toilets/showers nearby.baby lamb is roasted in an adobe oven which accompanies your full course meal of soup.couscous, salad and fruit with lots of mint tea. the campfire and g’nawi black music add to this special event to be remembered.
googlemap of morocco

​​activities

the following activities can be arranged and paid for at haven la chance hotel.while not necessary to enjoy the sahara, we provide them for your convenience.contact us for more information.
4×4 sand rideswe organize tours along the sand dunes of erg chebbi and 4×4 for tours merzouga around rissani and erfoud, taking you to visit all the important and best sites in the region near the dunes. this service includes sightseeing and going to places of interest along the dunes; visits to several desert villages; visiting local nomad settlements; fossil beds and fossil caves; black volcanic hamada.please let us know if one of this offers got your attention. we’ll be pleased to take you to discover sahara desert.
groups if you’re staying in the region and your pass our hotel, we’ll be more than happy to serve you lunch, making a small private party either in our restaurant or nomad tents campground, making your travel along with your travel 4×4 in merzouga / bike partners a better experience.

motor bikes, quads, buggies, skiing, ricycling, sand board
if adventure is what you’re looking after in your vacations, we can provide you with all the thrill you’re looking for, turning your vacations to an authentic memorable experience.we can get you motor bikes, dune buggies and bicycles for you to explore the sahara desert. we can make it possible for you to ski and sand board on the dunes of erg chebbi.this is without a doubt something different to do on your vacation. contact us for additional information.
trekking / walking with guide
if you wish to get to know the region walking or trekking, we can arrange a local guide for you. we can provide you all you need to explore the dunes or the region near the dunes.we will show you around the oases of the local villages of merzouga and hassilabied. we can arrange your visit to the local nomad depots or small cooperative shops where local berber rug and items are available for sale at a better price than the big cities. it also helps the local economy which relies on tourism for income.
googlemap of morocco

​​campsite

our hotel provides a quiet, secure setting amongst trees on our complex for camping. with space for 120 caravans/ rv’s all the way to the erg chebbie sand dunes with electricity hookups.hot showers and toilets nearby for easy and safe camping in morocco. laundry facilities, washing sink, dumping station and trash containers are available for your use. free wifi is available by the pool and inside the hotel.enjoy the shade of our trees and watch the sunset. berber meals are available in our hotel and poolside. we can arrange a camel trip or 4×4 excursions . our large swimming pool within the trees is available year round.

googlemap of morocco


a camel excursion from haven la chance is the highlight of your desert visit to merzouga. 

​​prices
hotel accommodations
type of room price double room + shower/toilet 700 dirhams single room + shower/toilet 500 dirhams triple room + shower/toilet 1000 dirhams quad room + shower/toilet 1400 dirhams double suite + shower/toilet 900 dirhams single suite + shower/toilet 550 dirhams
contact
other services
type of serviceprice desert tent double luxury camp in desert (bivouac w camel) 2100 dirhams desert tent double standard camp in desert (bivouac w camel)1200 dirhams hotel tent double with toilet/shower 500 dirhams camping per vehicle 70 dirhams camping with electricity per vehicle 100 dirhams
other information
hotel rooms include breakfast. bivouac includes dinner and breakfastquads, 4x4 / 4wd , etc price available upon requestdinner is 100 dhs extra includes breakfast (except the 2 hour camel ride)children under 10 half price with parentslocal taxes are 10 dirhams/per person (not included)prices subject to change without notice
​​​contact us
 enter your name *
 enter your email *
 subject *
 your message *


​locations

tel1: 212 535 577 269
tel2: 212 641 691 515email: info@havenlachancehotel.com / havenlachancehotel@gmail.com




havenlachancehotel.comcopyright all rights reserved © 2024


thank you!thank you ! your form has been submittedclose
