













text to speech (tts) for programmers and businesses | wizzard speech












text to speech conversion software
take control of your business with text to speech software.

learn more









who we are

                        wizzard speech llc is a business to business company (b2b) that has been in
                        the speech business for over 20 years. staffed by software developers and former speech veterans from ibm and at&t, wizzard speech has provided licensing and support to thousands of satisfied developes, it/web managers and
                        solution providers.
                    









what we provide

at&t natural voices™ toolkits, text to speech (tts) conversion engines with
                            ten high quality us english and spanish voices
the ability for you to integrate this technology into your project and take control of your business.
text to speech conversion software that resides and runs on your computers
                            or servers. this is not saas
licenses to use the tts conversion software and/or voices with your solution internally or distribute externally to your clients.
flexible pricing models designed to meet your requirements.. lowest volume
                            prices in the industry










popular uses for at&t natural voices™

public address systems (announcements: transportation stations-train-bus-airports-parking lots-weather-news)
talking websites
inter-company deployment of tts for internal users
voice simulators - online gaming
telephony interactive voice response (ivr) systems
talking i.e. voice enabled atms - kiosks - vending machines - and more
e-learning packages
talking “alert” systems such as plant floor alerts or weather alerts for aircraft










voice samples and technical requirements
voice samples are for the user's private use for evaluation purposes only


technical requirements
developer's guide for linux
developer's guide for windows










how the licensing process works

you can sample our high quality voices and review the technical requirements on our website
you answer a few simple questions about your planned usage or distribution
we identify the best licensing model for your project and quote a “guaranteed” price.
you purchase a software developer kit (sdk with 3 month trial tts runtime
                            engine and support) satisfaction guaranteed or money back.
you purchase licenses and we provide you with a “production” version of the
                            tts runtime engine to use and/or distribute







our product


















                        © copyright 2013-2020 wizzard speech llc. all rights reserved
                    







