


slave revolt




















    
	slave revolt
	
  
an oasis of suppressed reality.





wednesday, january 10, 2007



	 
	 slave revolt radio: the sean bell shooting
	 
    


50 shots vol.1 - the brutal murder of sean belldownload audio: 01:52 mp3the recent urban lynching of sean bell and the near fatal slaughter of his two friends should come as no surprise to anyone half way awake. this is part of the american war for subjugation, containment, and exploitation agenda against the targeted populations on sam's plantation. like amadou (41 shots) diallo who was a victim of new york's 'war on guns' program. and iraqis citizens who are victims of sam's 'war on terrorism/war on wmd's' claims. the tactics of deceit must be in full throttle for the rulers to carry out their goals. thus these claims of a 'war on ...' is just a pretext for the capitalist systems of controls on the populace.in this (beyond the shadow) piece called 'the sean bell shooting: police sponsored violence and the american intelligence psy-ops operation against black resistance (a slave case study)' 'sr' attempts to examine this process. from the f.b.i.'s program out of quantico virginia's psy-ops program on black people in north america, to the role of the corporate media, the police, mayors, and so-called negro leaders. the psy-ops game is in full effect. the negro marketed intergrationalist 'leaders' who are collaborators with the imperial state order know their role and place. weather they have a democratic or republican flag stuck up their behinds matters not.destruction of lives on a daily bases is all these cesspool market capitalist and their believers have to offer the world. weather you live in the congo, iraq, the nuba mountains, darfur, or new york the method for our destruction is basically all the same. and so are the various psy-ops programs against us.



posted by rohan at 2:52 pm






thursday, january 04, 2007



	 
	 un child sex slave scandals continue
	 
    


from infowars.comthe un is to investigate itself again after it was revealed by the london telegraph today that more than twenty different cases of child sex slavery involving un staff have been reported in southern sudan.last november a bbc investigation found that children as young as 11 have been subjected to rape and prostitution by united nations peacekeepers in haiti and liberia. a previous bbc investigation in liberia discovered systematic abuse, involving food being given out to teenage refugees in return for sex. in both instances the un promised to investigate. previous to this, in early 2002 a massive pedophilia scandal within the un was uncovered involving sexual abuse against west african refugee children in sierra leone, liberia and guinea. upi reported that senior u.n. officials knew of the widespread pedophilia and not only did they not take action against the perpetrators, they covered up the atrocities. more at infowars.com



posted by rohan at 3:32 pm






wednesday, november 29, 2006



	 
	 slave revolt radio: the evil filth of two lessers
	 
    


download audio11-05-06the low life character of american electoral politics and the players with in it is being laid bare for all who wish to see it. the level of deceit, corruption, and intimidation politics knows no bounds on sams plantation. these actions are reflective of the overall tone of the american life and being. 'just win baby'.'just do it'. 'the ends justify the means'. are all part of the corrupt fabric of the american way of expression and action.in this (ruins of empire) segment called 'the evil filth of 2 lessors: democrates, republicans and americas electoral politics' slave revolt navigates it's way through this repulsive system. from a 'lessor' denying his own heritage, to race baiting politics, to voter suppression attempts. the 'lessors' (democrates and replubicans)will do anything to be the hired (voted into office) contract workers for the 'order'. which for the slaves of the earth means more war of all kinds. until the slaves 'vote' for and move towards true freedoms outside the bounds of mystical hierarchical belief contructs and the privatized systems that go with it.



posted by rohan at 1:53 pm






tuesday, november 07, 2006



	 
	 slave revolt radio: staying the course on the road to capitalist hell
	 
    


download audio: mp3 at 38.2 mebibytes (download torrent)10-22-06 the privatized structural crisis that the u.s. empire finds itself in and the threat to it's global dominance is the driving force to the orders genocidal crusades. sam's imperial grand chess board game of death is to restructure the world in it's imperial image. for this to take place what is needed is permanent war.cnn interview with ret. col. sam gardiner iran war underwayin this (ruins of empire) segment called 'staying the course on the road to capitalist hell: the military build up for full spectrum eurasian dominance' slave revolt shoots it's way through these developing events. the u.s. led corporate anglo/american mid east regional pact are rapidly building up for a possible attack against iran. absorb how nato is a component of the imperial axis of the united states. explore how the 'nuclear option' is now in play with these imperial ghouls. clips from retired col. air force commander sam gardiner help high-lite some of these unfolding events.war and genocide is all these capitalist demons have to offer the planet. this is the sick logical step of a dying empire. for the well health and being of the slaves and the planet this dying empire and all those who support it must must enter the dust bin of history.



posted by rohan at 2:42 pm






wednesday, october 11, 2006



	 
	 slave revolt radio: the devil is in the details
	 
    


download audio: mp3 at 50.9 mebibytes (download torrent)10-01-06 when president hugo chavez referred to boy george as being the devil himself there was great outcry from many sectors from the american society. yet many people around the world who have felt the horns of the american imperial beast didn't feel those comments were that far off.in this (ventures in corporate media land) segment called 'the devil is in the details' slave revolt explores this satanic capitalist experiment from the pits of hell called america. hear how torture is 'debatable', habeas corpus is a inconvenience, imperial coups are justifiable, and stolen elections are forgetable.in a privatized world where wars are made easy, and genocide in the name of market expansion is a way of life. boy george bush was speaking to other state heads (at the u.n. house of destruction) who know all to well how expendable the masses of the worlds population are under their systems of domination. the devil is in the details.



posted by rohan at 3:30 pm






wednesday, september 20, 2006



	 
	 slave revolt radio: the empire's deadly shop of horrors
	 
    


download audio: mp3 at 46.6 mebibytes (download torrent)empires come and go but they follow similar patterns of exploitation that puts them on a common ground of barbarity. all savage states have to have their laboratories of human/land mass carnage if they are to become top notch genocidal imperial occupational colonialist. in this (ruins of empire) segment called 'the empires deadly shop of horrors' slave revolt with clips from greg gradin author of the book 'empire's workshop' deals with this subject in regards to sam's relationship to latin american. that's followed through with a tracey james commentary called 'the school of the america's is a school straight outta hell'then we wrap it up with a (beyond the shadow) piece called 'the glass jaw bully chris baker cuts and runs'. liberal bay area talk show host berine ward takes on texas loud mouth pro 'war on terror' chris baker on ms-nbc. check out how baker gets his little jaw broken and then 'cuts and runs' when ward doesn't fall for the bullies antics. then hear how we explore what these 'debates' really mean when at the end of the day both baker and ward support the war machine of empire (sam) and the administrators (democrates and republicans) for the imperial order.more on bernie ward smack down of chris baker at crooks & liars blog



posted by rohan at 6:20 pm






monday, september 18, 2006



	 
	 cynthia mckinney in sept 2005, just after katrina
	 
    


download audio: mp3 at 4.0 mebibytes (download torrent)cynthia mckinney on the floor of the house sept 7, 2005: cynthia mckinney speaking on the floor of the house just after the katrina 'exercise' as cheney called it. cynthia talks about ollie north's plan for martial law in case of a national uprising.



posted by rohan at 5:36 pm









	 
	 reagan aides and the 'secret' government
	 
    


front page miami herald: july 5, 1987by alfonso chardy, herald washington bureauwashington -- some of president reagan's top advisers have operated a virtual parallel government outside the traditional cabinet departments and agencies almost from the day reagan took office, congressional investigators and administration officials have concluded.investigators believe that the advisers' activities extended well beyond the secret arms sales to iran and aid to the contras now under investigation.lt. col. oliver north, for example, helped draw up a controversial plan to suspend the constitution in the event of a national crisis, such as nuclear war, violent and widespread internal dissent or national opposition to a u.s. military invasion abroad.when the attorney general at the time, william french smith, learned of the proposal, he protested in writing to north's boss, then-national security adviser robert mcfarlane.the advisers conducted their activities through secret contacts throughout the government with persons who acted at their direction but did not officially report to them.the activities of those contacts were coordinated by the national security council, the officials and investigators said.there appears to have been no formal directive for the advisers' activities, which knowledgeable sources described as a parallel government.in a secret assessment of the activities, the lead counsel for the senate iran-contra committee called it a "secret government-within-a-government."the arrangement permitted reagan administration officials to claim that they were not involved in controversial or illegal activities, the officials said."it was the ultimate plausible deniability," said a well-briefed official who has served the reagan administration since 1982 and who often collaborated on covert assistance to the nicaraguan contras.the roles of top-level officials and of reagan himself are still not clear. but that is expected to be a primary topic when north appears before the iran-contra committees beginning tuesday. special prosecutor lawrence walsh also is believed to be trying to prove in his investigation of the iran-contra affair that government officials engaged in a criminal conspiracy.advisers formed shadow government, probers saymuch of the time, cabinet secretaries and their aides were unaware of the advisers' activities. when they periodically detected operations, they complained or tried to derail them, interviews show.but no one ever questioned the activities in a broad way, possibly out of a belief that the advisers were operating with presidential sanction, officials said.reagan did know of or approve at least some of the actions of the secret group, according to previous accounts by aides, friends and high-ranking foreign officials.one such case is the 1985 visit to libya by william wilson, then-u.s. ambassador to the vatican and a close reagan friend, to meet with libyan leader col. moammar gadhafi, officials said last week. secretary of state george shultz rebuked wilson, but the officials said reagan knew of the trip in advance.the heart of the secret structure from 1983 to 1986 was north's office in the old executive office building adjacent to the white house, investigators believe.north's influence within the secret structure was so great, the sources said, that he was able to have the orbits of sophisticated surveillance satellites altered to follow soviet ships around the world, call for the launching of high-flying spy aircraft on secret missions over cuba and nicaragua and become involved in sensitive domestic activities.many initiativesothers in the structure included some of reagan's closest friends and advisers, including former national security adviser william clark, the late cia director william casey and attorney general edwin meese, officials and investigators said.congressional investigators said the iran deal was just one of the group's initiatives. they say exposure of the unusual arrangement may be the legacy of their inquiry."after we establish that a policy decision was made at the highest levels to transfer responsibility for contra support to the nsc..., we favor examining how that decision was implemented," wrote arthur liman, chief counsel of the senate committee, in a secret memorandum to panel leaders sens. daniel inouye, d-hawaii, and warren rudman, r- n.h., before hearings began may 5."this is the part of the story that reveals the whole secret government-within-a-government, operated from the [executive office building] by a lt. col., with its own army, air force, diplomatic agents, intelligence operatives and appropriations capacity," limon wrote in the memo, parts of which were shared with the herald.a spokesman for liman declined comment but did not dispute the memo's existence.a white house official rejected the notion that any of reagan's advisers were operating secretly."the president has constantly expressed his foreign policy positions to the public and has consulted with the congress," the official said.began in 1980congressional investigators and current and former officials interviewed -- members of the cia, state department and pentagon -- said they still do not have a full record of the impact of the the advisers' activities.but based on investigations and personal experience, they believe the secret governing arrangement traces its roots to the last weeks of reagan's 1980 campaign.officials say the genesis may have been an october 1980 decision by casey, reagan's campaign manager and a former officer in the world war ii precursor of the cia, to create an october surprise group to monitor jimmy carter's feverish negotiations with iran for the release of 52 american hostages.the group, led by campaign foreign policy adviser richard allen, was founded out of concern carter might pull off an "october surprise" such as a last-minute deal for the release of the hostages before the nov. 4 election. one of the group's first acts was a meeting with a man claiming to represent iran who offered to release the hostages to reagan.allen -- reagan's first national security adviser-- and another campaign aide, laurence silberman, told the herald in april of the meeting. they said mcfarlane, then a senate armed services committee aide, arranged and attended it. mcfarlane later became reagan's national security adviser and played a key role in the iran-contra affair. allen and silberman said they rejected the offer to release the hostages to reagan.briefing book theftcongressional aides now link another well-known campaign incident -- the theft of confidential briefing materials from carter's campaign before the oct. 28, 1980, carter-reagan debate -- to the same group of advisers.they believe that casey obtained the briefing materials and passed them to james baker, another top reagan campaign aide, who was white house chief of staff in reagan's first term.once reagan was sworn in, the group moved quickly to set itself up, officials said. within months, the advisers were clashing with officials in the traditional agencies.six weeks after reagan was sworn in, apparently over state department objections, then-cia director casey submitted a proposal to reagan calling for covert support of anti-sandinista groups that had fled nicaragua after the 1979 revolution.[the iran-contra connection: north had big role in inner circle, investigators say]it is still unclear whether casey cleared the plan with reagan. but in november 1981 the cia secretly flew an argentine military leader, gen. leopoldo galtieri, to washington to devise a secret agreement under which argentine military officers trained nicaraguan rebels, according to an administration official familiar with the agreement.about the same time, north completed his transfer to the nsc from the marine corps. those who worked with north in 1981 remember his first assignments as routine, although not unimportant.north, they recalled, was briefly assigned to carry the "football," the briefcase containing the secret contingency plans for fighting a nuclear war, which is taken everywhere the president goes. north later widened his assignment to cover national crisis contingency planning. in that capacity he became involved with the controversial national crisis plan drafted by the federal emergency management agency.national crisis planfrom 1982 to 1984, north assisted fema, the u.s. government's chief national crisis-management unit, in revising contingency plans for dealing with nuclear war, insurrection or massive military mobilization.north's involvement with fema set off the first major clash between the official government and the advisers and led to the formal letter of protest in 1984 from then- attorney general smith.smith was in europe last week and could not be reached for comment.but a government official familiar with north's collaboration with fema said then-director louis o. guiffrida, a close friend of meese's, mentioned north in meetings during that time as fema's nsc contact.guiffrida could not be reached for comment, but fema spokesman bill mcada confirmed the relationship."officials of fema met with col. north during 1982 to 1984," mcada said. "these meetings were appropriate to col. north's duties with the national security council and fema's responsibilities in certain areas of national security."fema's clash with smith occurred over a secret contingency plan that called for suspension of the constitution, turning control of the united states over to fema, appointment of military commanders to run state and local governments and declaration of martial law during a national crisis.the plan did not define national crisis, but it was understood to be nuclear war, violent and widespread internal dissent or national opposition against a military invasion abroad.plan was protestedthe official said the contingency plan was written as part of an executive order or legislative package that reagan would sign and hold within the nsc until a severe crisis arose.the martial law portions of the plan were outlined in a june 30, 1982, memo by guiffrida's deputy for national preparedness programs, john brinkerhoff. a copy of the memo was obtained by the herald.the scenario outlined in the brinkerhoff memo resembled somewhat a paper guiffrida had written in 1970 at the army war college in carlisle, pa., in which he advocated martial law in case of a national uprising by black militants. the paper also advocated the roundup and transfer to "assembly centers or relocation camps" of at least 21 million "american negroes."when he saw the fema plans, attorney general smith became alarmed. he dispatched a letter to mcfarlane aug. 2, 1984 lodging his objections and urging a delay in signing the directive."i believe that the role assigned to the federal emergency management agency in the revised executive order exceeds its proper function as a coordinating agency for emergency preparedness," smith said in the letter to mcfarlane, which the herald obtained. "this department and others have repeatedly raised serious policy and legal objections to the creation of an 'emergency czar' role for fema."it is unclear whether the executive order was signed or whether it contained the martial law plans. congressional sources familiar with national disaster procedures said they believe reagan did sign an executive order in 1984 that revised national military mobilization measures to deal with civilians in case of nuclear war or other crisis.orchestrated news leaksaround the time that issue was producing fireworks with the administration, mcfarlane and casey reassigned north from national crisis planning to international covert management of the contras. the transfer came after north took a personal interest, realizing that neither the state department nor any other government agency wanted to handle the issue after it became clear early in 1984 that congress was moving to bar official aid to the rebels.the new assignment, plus north's natural organizational ability, creativity and the sheer energy he dedicated to the issue, gradually led to an expansion of his power and stature within the covert structure, officials and investigators believe.meese also was said to have played a role in the secret government, investigators now believe, but his role is less clear.meese sometimes referred private american citizens to the nsc so they could be screened and contacted for soliciting support for the nicaraguan contras.one of those supporters, philip mabry of fort worth, told the herald earlier this year that in 1983 he was told by fellow conservatives in texas to contact meese, then white house counselor, if he wanted to help the contras. after he contacted meese's office, mabry received a letter from meese obtained by the herald advising him that his name had been given to the "appropriate people."shortly thereafter, mabry said, a woman who identified herself as meese's secretary gave him the name and phone number of another nsc secretary who, in turn, gave him north and his secretary, fawn hall, as contacts.meese's justice department spokesman, patrick korten, denies that meese was part of north's secret contra supply network and notes that meese does not recall having referred anyone to north on contra-related matters.in addition to north's role as contra commander and fund-raiser, north became secret overseer of the state department's office of public diplomacy, through which the reagan administration disseminated information that cast nicaragua as a threat to its neighbors and the united states.an intelligence source familiar with north's relationship with that office said north was directly involved in many of the best publicized news leaks, including the nov. 4, 1984, election day announcement that soviet-made mig jet fighters were on their way to nicaragua.mcfarlane is now believed to have been the senior administration official who told reporters that the soviet cargo ship bakuriani, en route to nicaragua from a soviet black sea port, was probably carrying migs.the intelligence official said north apparently recommended that the information be leaked to the press on election day so it would reach millions of people watching election results. cbs and nbc broadcast the report that night.clark had key rolethe leak led to a new clash between the regular bureaucracy and the president's advisers. the official state department spokesman, john hughes, tried hard to play down the report, pointing out that it was unproven that the bakuriani was carrying migs. at the same time, employees of the office of public diplomacy, acting under north's direction, insisted that the crates were inside the ship and that migs were still a possibility.to take a closer look, the source said, north requested a high-flying sr-71 blackbird spy aircraft be sent from beale air force base near sacramento, calif., to fly over the nicaraguan port of corinto while the bakuriani unloaded its cargo. the pictures showed that the bakuriani unloaded helicopters, not migs.north was not the only adviser who operated outside traditional government channels, investigators have concluded.others were known as the riglet, a semi-official unit made up of north; alan fiers, a cia central american affairs officer; and elliott abrams, the current assistant secretary of state for inter-american affairs, according to abrams' subordinate richard melton. melton revealed the existence of the riglet in a deposition given to the iran- contra committees. the name is a diminutive for rig, which stands for restricted interagency group.among the riglet's actions was ordering the u.s. ambassador to costa rica, lewis tambs, to assist the contras in setting up a front in southern nicaragua. tambs, who resigned suddenly last year after his links to north were revealed, testified about the instructions to iran-contra investigators.but perhaps the key to the parallel government was the role played by reagan's second national security adviser, william clark. it was during clark's tenure that north began to gain influence in the nsc.clark also recruited several midlevel officers from the pentagon and the cia to work on a special central american task force in 1983 to push aid for el salvador, a task force member said."judge clark was the granddaddy of the system," he said. "i was working at the pentagon on another issue when my boss said that because of special circumstances, i was to be reassigned to the task force."a former administration official familiar with clark's activities said clark also had approved contacts between vatican ambassador wilson and libya before wilson's november 1985 journey, which came after mcfarlane replaced clark at the nsc.the former official said wilson also had carried out secret missions for the reagan administration in a latin american country where wilson reportedly maintained contacts with high-level officials. the source asked that the country not be identified because the system is still in place and had reduced tensions by circumventing the regular bureaucracies of both countries.calls to wilson's and clark's offices in california were not returned.



posted by rohan at 5:31 pm











about me

name:  rohan 

political
view my complete profile

links

documentaries
slave revolt radio
cop watch
war profiteers
human rights watch
judicial watch
bill o'reilly watch
the brown watch
foreign policy in focus
defense industry stats
unanswered questions
madcow morning news
third world traveler
black commentator







previous posts

slave revolt radio: the sean bell shooting
un child sex slave scandals continue
slave revolt radio: the evil filth of two lessers
slave revolt radio: staying the course on the road...
slave revolt radio: the devil is in the details
slave revolt radio: the empire's deadly shop of ho...
cynthia mckinney in sept 2005, just after katrina
reagan aides and the 'secret' government
slave revolt radio: the lost souls of a militarize...
obesity rankings

archives

september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
january 2007









 



