




lincoln, nebraska

















































skip to main content











impacted by wildfires or winter weather? whether you have a business that's been affected or your personal home and assets are damaged, know that you have a team of people to support you. find resources here.























about


about
marsh mclennan agency (mma) provides business insurance, employee health & benefits, retirement, and private client insurance solutions to businesses and individuals.



who we are


media room


partnership opportunities


community involvement


diversity, equity, & inclusion


contact us


limitless magazine


our story





services


services
empowering your company to succeed with an unparalleled range of resources



business insurance


employee health & benefits


private client services


retirement & wealth





industries


industries
our promise is to connect you with our team of professionals who have specific expertise in your industry and deliver customized solutions that fit your unique needs. 



agribusiness


automotive


aviation


bicycle


construction


education


energy


financial institutions


food & beverage


franchise


healthcare


hospitality & gaming


human service & non-profit


life sciences


manufacturing


professional services


public entity


real estate


retail & wholesale


senior living


sports & events


staffing


technology


transportation & trucking


view all industries





insights


locations


events


careers


careers
just as we deliver solutions to help our clients succeed, we continually listen and evolve to create a dynamic and supportive team environment to ensure our colleagues meet their fullest potential.



insurance careers


life at mma


career growth at mma


sales careers


early careers and internships


job applicant faq













united states(english)


canada(english)


canada
(français)
















































locations




lincoln, nebraska












lincoln


marsh mclennan agency’s lincoln office is made up of offices formerly operating as inspro insurance. inspro was acquired by mma in 2020, and was mma's first acquisition in nebraska and iowa, with additional locations in fremont, kearney, omaha, wahoo, and west point, nebraska and west des moines, iowa.
 
built on a rich midwest history that dates back to the 1930’s, inspro has been devoted to building relationships and serving our clients with a collaborative approach to risk management through insurance, bonding, employee benefits and human resources guidance. with mma, we will continue to provide the best-in-class resources available to keep clients informed, educated and trained, helping to improve business operations and profitability. 
 
our advisors provide valuable insights and manage program needs while consistently delivering thoughtful recommendations. we are specialists in safety and loss control with years of experience and diverse knowledge to carefully consider all your organization’s needs. from family homes to multi-state business operations, we dedicate ourselves to protecting clients’ livelihoods and life’s work by being a single source for risk management solutions. ultimately, the goal of our team is to serve your interests, provide sound advice, and earn your trust – giving you peace of mind and confidence in your future.







lincoln
       4000 pine lake road
       
       
       
       lincoln, nebraska 68516
   

(402) 483-4500
















local support | global reach
               




contact us


















wide industry expertise.


our promise is to connect you with our team of professionals who have specific expertise in your industry.



agribusiness
construction
health care
human services & nfp
manufacturing
transportation & trucking
view all industries








client tools





csr24
csr24 gives you access to policy information whenever you need them. 24/7 access to obtain certificates and forms, submit claims, and request changes to your policy. 



login










connect with a local consultant.















featured insights
















marsh mclennan agency wins best high net worth broker at the 2025 private asset management awards
02/14/2025



















“best high net worth insurance broker” at 2025 pam awards
02/13/2025



















southeastern states confront severe weather and increased rates in 2025
02/13/2025






tags  /content/mma/americas/us/en_us/insights/details mma-content-types:blog,mma-content-types:news any
1

more insights





featured events
















hipaa privacy & security training
02/20/2025



















the power of inclusive benefits in a 5 generation workplace
02/27/2025






tags  /content/mma/americas/us/en_us/events/details mma-content-types:events any
1

more events





leadership














samuel&nbspgifford
president



                        view linkedin
                        























loren&nbspsweigard
executive vice president



                        view linkedin
                        























ryan&nbspglock
senior vice president





















noah&nbspgreenwald
senior vice president





































marsh mclennan is the leader in risk, strategy and people














      marsh mclennan agency
    



about




industries




insights




locations




events




careers




contact us



children    any 1


































marsh




guy carpenter




mercer




oliver wyman



children    any 1






privacy notice


terms of use


notice at collection


compensation guide


manage cookies






©2024 marsh & mclennan agency































