

welcome & fainting goat history - moonlight farms












































 spring 2018 kids





























 



raising 

quality

registered myotonic goats



 


 
click 

on photos to view an enlarged photo in a separate window 


 

we 

raise quality fainting goats that have been tested negative for cae, cl 

and johne's, and are structurally correct and genetically sound. 

our breeding stock has been carefully selected to provide you with trouble free 

kids we are sure you will enjoy. our farm is located in southeastern virginia 

in historic surry county. 






 

 take 

a look around our site and see our goats.



 

 

 





jeep
















 
 this is our guardian 

dog "jeep" named after popeye's companion animal. the tibetan mastiff 

is a people-oriented dog but will fiercely defend its territory and herd against 

strangers. this is what it has been bred to do over the past several thousand 

years in the himalayas. it is a rare breed in this country as it has only been 

introduced to the west in the past 40 years.


 


pugsley


we added a second guardian dog to assist jeep and keep him company. pugsley is a karakachan, 

a breed imported from bulgaria. pugsley was born in september of 2005. he is working 

out nicely and already takes his job of guarding the goats seriously.


 


 



















 
pugsley 

as a puppy
pugsley 2008 




 







 
in 

the early 1800 a strangely dressed man named tinsley appeared in marshall county 

tennessee with four goats and a sacred cow. he took up with a local woman but 

things didn't work out. one day he took his cow and left, leaving the woman and 

his goats behind. the goats were sold to dr. h.h. mayberry who recognized their 

unique traits and kept and bred them.


 





this 

unique trait is called 

myotonia which causes the goat 

to stiffen up and fall over if 

startled or surprised. it does 

not hurt the goat and the effect only lasts for 10-15 seconds and goes away.


 

myotonic 

goats are known by many colorful names such as fainting, nervous, stiff leg, wooden 

leg, and tennessee scare goats. we refer to them as myotonics.
some 

say the original four 

goats were black/white 

but fainting goats come in 

many colors. 
one 

dominant feature is bulgy or "bug" eyes, which makes them distinguishable 

from other breeds.




 








fainting 

goats are easy to raise, they are easy kidders and excellent mothers. they are 

easy to contain as their myotonia prevents them from being able to jump fences.






  


 home  •  fainting does  •  fainting bucks  •  for sale 
bar-b-que bob  •  herd health  •  sales information   •  favorite links 




 e-mail us at: candjbene@gmail.com
 smithfield, virginia 23430

      cindy & james bene  •  phone: 757-357-6951
 © 2018 moonlight farms. all rights reserved.
















candjbene@gmail.com


website design &

animated graphic button design by

 





