


connecticut sheep breeders association, inc.





















































assocition, inc.











welcome




 ct sheep, wool & fiber festival




the connecticut blanket




membership




wool quality




marketplace classifieds




producer education




breeders list




bi-annual directory




volunteers




sheep health



links



contact us




links1




links














































connecticut sheep breeders association




webmaster - smurray@ctsheep.com




















































our mission since 1893





the original constitution and by-laws written in may of 1893 said, “the purpose of the association shall be to promote and encourage the keeping of sheep upon the farms of connecticut, to improve breeds of sheep, and to aid in securing legislation favorable to the sheep industry and agriculture.”  we continue to strive to carry on their mission by offering mentoring for new shepherds, supporting youth interested in sheep, providing educational workshops at various times for youth and adults, offering the connecticut blanket to aid members in using their wool to obtain a value added product from their farm and putting on the connecticut sheep, wool & fiber festival on the last saturday in april every year.



























































2025 randall m. knight scholarship





the connecticut sheep breeders association, inc. awards a scholarship in memory of randall m. knight. as the shepherd of the uconn flock randy was a mentor to anyone and always available to answer questions about sheep.  in addition to his uconn duties, randy and his family kept a flock of southdowns.  he stepped outside of his uconn job and served as president and vice president of the association and many committees. the randall m. knight memorial scholarship is offered each year to students in the sheep community who have graduated high school and are continuing their education. it is open to all youth who have participated in the sheep industry and either live in connecticut, or have been a member of our association.please use the this link to access the google doc for the application, which can be completed in the doc, or downloaded and completed by typing question responses and filling the other sections by hand. if completing online, simply "make a copy" of the app to be able to fill in your responses (the app is "view only").the deadline for submission is october 1, 2025, for this year's scholarship, to be awarded at our annual dinner & meeting in october. please submit completed applications to melissatrojanoski@gmail.com





































































blue ribbon forum & 4-h sheep program





the blue ribbon forum and the 4-h sheep day will be held simultaneously on saturday, february 1, 2025 in ratcliffe hicks arena on the stoors campus of uconn.  as part of the blue ribbon forum the wool processing lecture will qualify as attendance to a wool quality workshop.  at sometime during the day there will also be an informal meeting for anyone interested in the ct blanket as we need new input at to the direction of the project. participants in the 4-h program need to fill out the application form below and for blue ribbon forum committee planning purposes adults should email grace schultz at secretary@ctsheep.com with their intentions.4-h sheep program registration form




























































2025 ct sheep, wool & fiber festivalplanning is in progress. vendor spaces are pretty full but email csbafestivalvendors@gmail.com for requests.see you april 26, 2025 - always the last saturday in april!




























































membership informationthe 2025 membership form is available by emailing the secretary, grace schultzsecretary@ctsheep.com!​



























































upcoming events





2025 wool collection for ct blanketplan now to have your sheep sheared earlycollection will be onsunday, june 1, 20259am - 1pmlower swine barnuconn, storrs2025 4-h sheep day & blue ribbon forumsaturday, february 1, 2025ratcliffe hicks arenauconn, storrs2025 shearing school & wool quality workshop tba2025 connecticut sheep, wool & fiber festivalsaturday, april 26, 20259am - 4pmnorth haven fairgrounds, north haven, ctno pets allowed





















































