



  


coastal research and education society of long island 

























about

mission & purpose
board of directors
our supporters
research programs
volunteering



marine species

cetaceans
fin whales
humpback whales
minke whales
north atlantic right whales
common dolphins
bottlenose dolphins
pinnipeds

harbor seals
gray seals
artic seals
sea turtles
coastal & pelagic birds


 join 

donate


programs

latest trip reports
report your sightings
whale watching
local
offshore
past sightings
seal watches
seal walks
past seal walks
seal cruises
volunteering
speakers bureau



shop

certificate of adoption
humpback id puzzle kits
clothes
photographs
reusable bags



resources

documents
research abstracts
educator material
links to other organizations
recommended books
check list of marine species



calendar

 contact 
 logon 



























previous



next









coastal research & education society of long island, inc.
our mission is to promote and foster understanding and stewardship of coastal ecosystems through research and education
the coastal research and education society of long island,  was founded in the summer of 1996 by a group of experts in marine mammal science, environmental sciences, education and conservation. cresli was formed for the purposes of conducting research, providing educational experiences and promoting conservation of coastal ecosystems.  research and education are inextricably linked in all cresli activities. as such, cresli actively seeks cooperative alliances with researchers, educational institutions, and the participation of the public. our pinniped and cetacean research projects, for example, utilize public whale watch cruises, seal walks, and seal cruises as platforms for collecting data and educating the public at the same time.
join us on any of our excursions, lectures, activities to learn about our coastal waters and the ecosystems therein. come out on trips to see the amazing diversity of marine mammals, sea turtles, pelagic birds, and other marine life.
use the dropdown menu to follow links to 
become a member, and/or a volunteer and join us in our work.
autumn, winter, and spring are our seal watching/research seasons.

harbor seals of shinnecock & moriches bays.  join us this winter and spring on scientist guided walking or boat tours from cresli_ inc. on vimeo.

over 32,900 seal encounters at cupsogue beach since 2006. join us at cupsogue beach for our 20th year there. observe, photograph, and learn about long island's seals. the walks are suitable for children and are approximately 1.25 miles round trip and take about 1 to 1.5 hours. the paths we take are not stroller-friendly.
go to our seal walk page for schedule and information about upcoming seal walks

for 2025 cresli has scheduled several seal cruises on shinnecock bay, ny, using the r/v peconic at the stony brook university marine science center in southampton, ny. go to our seal cruise page for more information.


summer is cresli's whale watching/research season.

slow motion humpback terminal dive, 8/3/22, off montauk from cresli_ inc. on vimeo.

in 2024 we sailed on 36 whale watch trips
we  sailed 4 days per week for most of the summer, and were 100% successful in finding cetaceans on all 35 local trips and our offshore trip!
for information go to our whale watching page at https://cresli.org/whalewatching and read our 2024 naturalist blog for reports and links to photos and videos.
meet the cresli naturalists and take a trip with crew with over 37 years of whale watching experience and professors/scientists as trip leaders. come away with great memories, great photos and videos, and an education about whales, dolphins, sea turtles, and marine life that is second-to-none. come with us to learn, to see, and to help support our work. our record, as well as our research and education programs are a testament to our model of work through trained and committed citizen science volunteers. sign up to be a cresli volunteer

help support our work via purchases in our shop. certificates of adoption,cresli clothing,cresli humpback whale identification activity sets, and more.

we at cresli wish to acknowledge the indigenous peoples and tribes who were the original stewards of the coastal areas in which we work. the coastal research & education society of long island's research and work take place primarily on the land and waters of the unkechaug (cupsogue beach), shinnecock (shinnecock bay), montaukett (montauk), and secatogue (west sayville).  view a map of the indigenous communities.


cresli is a nonprofit organization as defined in section 501 (c) (3) of the internal revenue code. all contributions are deductible to the fullest extent of the law. a copy of the last financial report filed with the department of state may be obtained by writing to nys dept. of state, office of charities registration, albany, ny 12231.

cresli does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national, or ethnic origin.

news & cresli updates








seal cruises













cresli 2024-2025 seal walks and cruises












upcoming events










cresli seal cruise on the rv peconic



                  saturday, february 22, 20259:00 am to 11:00 am
                











cresli seal cruise on the rv peconic



                  saturday, march 1, 20252:00 pm to 4:00 pm
                











cresli seal cruise on the rv peconic



                  saturday, march 8, 202510:00 am to 12:00 pm
                











cresli seal walk at cupsogue beach



                  sunday, march 9, 20259:15 am to 11:15 am
                








join the coastal research & education society of long island
join today
















  			 © 2025 coastal research and education society of long island, inc.
			po box 54
			west sayville, ny 11796
			united states.

send us an e-mail
call us at 631-319-6003

          
			          
			     
 home | about us | news | programs | local resources | calendar | donate  |
		 
			contact
		 | privacy policy | refund policy | terms of use








-->
  
 