




  
























































holiday and christmas cards - st. jude children’s research hospital




skip to main content



st. jude children's research hospital - homepage







search









contact us
español


patient referrals
donate now










menu
close







patient referrals
donate now


about us



care & treatment



research



training



get involved



ways to give




contact us
español












home





ways to give





memorial donations




holiday and christmas cards













send charity holiday cards from st. jude



choose from patient-art-inspired holiday greeting card designs in the st. jude gift shop. or dedicate a donation in honor or in memorial of a loved one.




order holiday cards



dedicate a donation





envía una tarjeta en español >


 














st. jude patient misheel





 





     













charity holiday cards that make a difference



when you purchase holiday cards or dedicate a donation in honor of a loved one this holiday season, you'll help ensure that families like misheel's never receive a bill from st. jude for treatment, travel, housing or food — so they can focus on helping their child live.


 





     













ways to send holiday cards for charity this holiday season


 


















 







purchase holiday and christmas cards from the st. jude gift shop



holiday and christmas greeting cards come in sets of 10 and include white envelopes. the front of each card features designs inspired by patient artwork with a message on the inside.




order cards




 





     













honor loved ones through an online donation



donations dedicated in honor of others can be customized and sent by email, post or anonymously without notification. you can also dedicate a donation by calling (800) 306-1799.




dedicate a donation





envía una tarjeta en español >


 


















 





     






















 







your donation provides lifesaving care




$50 could help provide a st. jude family with meals for one day.* donate $50 >
$100 could help provide a pair of pediatric crutches.* donate $100 >
$250 could help provide one red blood cell transfusion.* donate $250 >
$500 could help provide one platelet transfusion* donate $500 >




image: st. jude patient eliza


 





     










you may also be interested in:















donate in honor of someone

















patient art storytelling & gifts

















is my donation tax-deductible?

















how do i honor of someone or to commemorate a special occasion?















*when you make a donation using this information, your donation will be used to provide breakthrough research, treatment and cures.  items listed here are representative of services and supplies that are part of the treatment and care of children at st. jude.  the cost of each item or service is an approximation, and will vary based on actual costs incurred and individual patient needs.  your donation will be used for the general operating needs of st. jude, where no family ever receives a bill for treatment, travel, housing or food.


 





     






























finding cures.

                    saving children. 
                    ®








sign up for email updates










first name



last name



email








i would like to receive emails from st. jude.


please select in order to sign up for email updates.



 close the current dialog




submit





by giving us your email address, you are signing up to receive emails from st. jude. 
by giving us your email address and/or mobile phone number, you are signing up to receive emails and periodic text messages from st. jude.
you will be able to opt-out of these messages at any time.






thank you



thank you for signing up to receive updates from st. jude. you may manage your subscriptions at the st. jude e-mail management center.





connect with us



like




follow




follow




subscribe





contact us

262 danny thomas place
memphis, tn 38105



									visit st. jude
								


                        donor services: 

                            (800) 822-6344
                        


                        hospital: 

                            (866) 278-5833
                        



learn more about us




											careers
										



											media resources
										

























© copyright 2025. st. jude children's research hospital, a not-for-profit, section 501(c)(3).


u.s. privacy notice


disclaimer / registrations / copyright statement


linking policy


notice of privacy practices (hipaa)


ad choices


notice of non-discrimination


pricing transparency


site map


your opt-out rights


washington health privacy notice


if you speak another language, assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. call 1-866-278-5833 (tty: 1-901-595-1040)


español


中文


tiếng việt


한국어


tagalog


русский


العربية


français


deutsch


日本語


فارسی


हिन्दी


ગુજરાતી


አማርኛ


ພາສາລາວ









close


















close
 





