






cooperstown shadow brook campground :: family camping in cooperstown, new york





























 






















(607) 264-8431
book now!


























home

rates & reservations

site map & rules

directions & attractions

shop















































































welcome to cooperstown shadow brook campground

one of new york’s highest rated family campgrounds
 




																																				
									if you experience any issues making a reservation or do not see sites available during
									your desired dates, please contact ellen to assist with your reservation by phone at 607-264-8431 or email at reservations@cooperstowncamping.com. thank you.
									discover why generations of families and friends keep coming back year after year,
									making cooperstown shadow brook campground a camping tradition. we give our
									campers a safe, clean, friendly and fun environment. choose from our large park model
									cabins, deluxe or rustic log camping cabins, trailer rentals or very large rv campsites
									for your motor home, travel trailer, 5th wheel or pop up. large units up to 50' with
									multiple slides are welcome. we offer secluded tent sites, as well as tent sites with
									water and electric right at the site.
									come enjoy a fun-filled stay of camping, building campfires, and great fishing in our 3 
									acre catch and release fishing pond (which has some giant four foot fish just
									waiting for you to catch them!). book a site right on the pond and fish from your own
									site!
									we are always adding new amenities and activities at shadow brook. come see our
									newly renovated pool (with lights for adult-only saturday night swims!). then
									mine for gems and fossils at the new shadow brook mine, paddle boat around our new
									fountain, enter a tournament at our new horseshoe pits or volleyball court, gather
									around our new community fire pit, while enjoying our complimentary saturday night
									s’mores or hot cocoa bar, and tap into your inner artist at one of our weekly art projects
									for kids and adults every saturday & holiday. pick up most anything your forgot to bring
									or a shadow brook souvenir in our newly redone general store and hang with friends at
									our updated rec hall while playing pool, ping pong, foozball or watching the game on our
									big screen tv as you curl up on our leather sectional sofa.
									there is a lot to do at cooperstown shadow brook campground. you'll see. we’re
									going to be your happy place!											
																																			

meet the owners


																																				
									we are ellen & gary petrozza and we want to welcome you to our happy place! our
									favorite part of campground ownership is seeing the smiles on our campers’ faces,
									hearing the laughter of the kids and drying an occasional tear at check-out time. now
									we are looking forward to adding you to our shadow brook family.
									we have a little piece of heaven right here in cooperstown, new york. even though we
									are just up the road from charming cooperstown village and the baseball hall of fame,
									you will find us at the peaceful end of town, nestled between 3 farms at the foothills of
									the catskills and adirondack mountains. you will fall asleep to the sound of a donkey’s
									bray, a peacock's call and the ribbit of a bullfrog. we are family owned and operated,
									have an amazing staff whose job it is to make your stay outstanding, friendly fellow
									campers and sparkling facilities. all this makes cooperstown shadow brook
									campground the #1 place to camp in central new york.
									however long you stay with us, it will not be enough. there is so much to do in and
									around cooperstown. we are a quick drive to brewery ommegang, glimmerglass
									opera house, the farmers’ museum, glimmerglass state park, cooperstown
									beverage trail, fenimore art museum, dreams park, otsego lake cruises, howe
									caverns, museums, historic sights, incredible restaurants, award winning golf courses,
									and so, so much more!
									if you don’t believe me when i tell you how amazing it is at cooperstown shadow brook
									campground, check out our reviews. our campers see that cooperstown shadow
									brook campground is a magical place and we are working hard every single day to
									make it even better. come stay with us and let us make this your happy place!
									
									we are just minutes from ...
																																			




village of cooperstown
baseball hall of fame
brewery ommegang
glimmerglass opera
the farmers’ museum
cooperstown distillery
cooperstown beverage trail
fenimore art museum
cooperstown dreams park
area museums & historic sights
cherry valley restaurants
howe caverns & adventure park
numerous golf courses
otsego lake cruises
... and more!





































our facilities & amenities




heated pool with deck
private stocked catch n' release fishing pond
paddle boat rentals
deluxe & rustic log cabin rentals
deluxe trailer rentals
large playground
excellent cell phone coverage
free hot showers
clean restrooms
full hookup and water/electric sites
shadow brook mines
seasonal camping sites
monthly camping sites
secluded tent sites
dump station
mobile sewer service
picnic tables & fire rings at each site
general store with groceries, ice cream, ice, firewood, fishing bait & supplies, rv & camping supplies, propane, shadow brook clothing & more
laundromat
hayrides
special weekends with activities and entertainment
video/arcade game room
library
rec room with tv, billiards, ping pong & foozball
basketball, volleyball, horseshoes
well maintained & park like grounds






 
























cooperstown shadow brook campground
2149 county highway 31
cooperstown, ny 13326
(607) 264-8431
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 
book now!



















                              © 2025 cooperstown shadow brook campground. all rights reserved.

privacy policy | accessibility statement














































