






home | fairway greens

















































































skip to content





 






toggle menu visibility.

home
about us
before & after – remodel photos
services
contact us
 
 fairway greens home & garden remodel and repairs 
 





 












home & outdoor living spaces
let us help build your dream home.






 
about




 
services




 
contact




 
photos












kitchen and bath
did you know that together the kitchen and bathrooms are the most used rooms in the house? with this in mind, it comes as no surprise that the kitchen and the bath often need a few repairs or even a whole new inspiration. we are available to work on your home  when a fresh face is needed.   


fencing, gates & outdoor spaces
so many of us wish we had a relaxing outdoor living space. part of that outdoor space might include a new cedar patio cover, built-in grills, sink & refrigerator, or outdoor fireplaces. we can also install new fences or sliding iron gates to make your space more beautiful & functional.


exterior facelift, windows, & door installation
the exterior of the home is constantly under attack from the elements. our team of specialists can help to spruce up the exterior of your home through visually appealing home repairs. re-staining your fence or deck, shoring up patio covers that have shifted with time & replacing doors are all options for exterior upgrades









about us
we work from beginning to the finish of every project with you to ensure the details of your dream come to reality.   that way you are thrilled with your new countertops, recessed lighting installation, painting, open-concept modifications, outdoor entertainment goals, and many more projects that will make your home just right!



 






























 
repairs
we offer a wide variety of home repair services.   we can get everything from flooring, hvac, sheetrock, plumbing and more back to tip top shape.   get you back to normal living and enjoyment of your family and home.




 
remodeling
time to get that dream kitchen, bathroom, or outdoor kitchen and make it a reality.   update, brighten, open up, make your home eye popping spectacular.   bring all those ideas to life.  not sure what to do, we can work with you to come up with the perfect plan to transform your house into your dream home.
 









home improvement
new lighting
new doors
new floors
total demolition and rebuild the interior.  we can handle everything for you!



 



design your dream home
we believe that every home is capable of being a dream home, given enough love and commitment, of course.
our home remodel process is designed with the customer in mind. we know that working with a contractor can be scary. we have heard some stories! to us, a job “well-done” is very important. we won’t be your cheapest bid. but we strive to be thorough in the bidding process in order to develop a positive & trust-worthy relationship with our clients.
 









where we work
our services are cost-effective and designed to improve the value of your home. 
quote appointments are available monday through friday in this area as time allows between 8am and 5pm.
on extensive projects where major consultation is required, you can expect a consultation fee that can be applied to the project when the bid is awarded.





















 






toggle menu visibility.

 


 












