



	figaro's salon | discover your beauty








































































homesale!our stylistsserviceshairskinnailsportfolioproducts we carrywhats hot!gift cardsnew customerscareer opportunitiesabout uscontact us 



get in touch! 
 


e-mail:*
name:*

 send message
clear

 

 







homesale!our stylistsserviceshairskinnailsportfolioproducts we carrywhats hot!gift cardsnew customerscareer opportunitiesabout uscontact us 


 


welcome to figaro’s


radiant reds


straightening & relaxing


custom cuts


texture


healthy hair


hair trends


custom nails


rich and colorful


facial treatments


one style does not fit all





40 years………no that’s not the average age of our clients, but it is how long we have been in our current location. with 12 master stylist, professional skin care and nails to perfection, figaro’s definitely has something for everyone.



	color that expresses who you are and leaves you speechless!



	figaro's offers all the latest technologies in our straightening and relaxing services and can custom fit you with the one that is best suited for your needs.



	custom haircuts and styling from our expert stylists



	explore the options of texture and movement. cascading curls, manageable body, and permanent wave options can be yours when working with a figaro's chemist.

 



	hair and scalp treatments are available to give your hair the body and shine you desire!







	custom, brilliant color to give you the look you have always wanted!



	discover  how you can have the smooth, beautiful skin you have dreamed of!



	one style does not fit all! figaro's staff of highly trained stylists will provide you with an individualized cut that will fit your needs, spirit, sense of style, and attitude.









































































 







social links:




							googleplus
						
 



							facebook
						
 



							twitter
						
 



							linkedin
						
 

			© 2013 figaro's salon. all rights reserved . designed by the digital agenda						











