

aquariansymbols.com













 

 


 

 


 


carolyn joyce, m.a. 
          and stephen morrissey, 
          m.a. have completed the visionary task of illuminating the 360 
          degrees of the zodiac. the aquarian symbols were channeled during 
          an intensive ten-day period prior to the solar eclipse of august llth, 
          1999 in vancouver, canada. carolyn and stephen are both established 
          poets with published books available. the combination of their astrological 
          and poetic insight with their inspired intuitive abilities provides 
          a view of the degrees of the zodiac which is perfect for this aquarian 
          age. 
the 
          aquarian symbols are exclusively available from the cosmic data-bank: 
           www.cd-b.com
 

 


 
preface 
        to the aquarian symbols 
it is important 
          to accurately describe how the aquarian symbols came to exist. 
          we usually think in ego terms such as "i painted this picture" or "we 
          wrote this book." but the aquarian symbols were not the product 
          of creative writing. 
i am a 
          published poet and astrologer. my publications include several books 
          of poetry plus essays on poetics and articles on astrology. i am also 
          a professional editor. stephen morrissey is a poet, a college professor 
          of english and humanities for twenty-five years, and a gifted intuitive.
 both stephen 
          morrissey and i are familiar with the writing process. however, the 
          aquarian symbols were received, not written. even 'inspired writing' 
          could not have produced the symbols.
 the 
          aquarian symbols were channeled during an intensive ten-day period 
          prior to the solar eclipse of august 11th, 1999 in vancouver, canada. 
          we worked approximately two to three hours each day. we began on august 
          1st, 1999 at 10:15 am and finished on august 10th, 1999 at 10:19 pm. 
          it was extremely concentrated, exhausting and yet exhilerating work.
 stephen 
          channeled each symbol and i recorded them. stephen is not an astrologer. 
          he did not know what sign or degree he was channeling. stephen had no 
          knowledge of what system i used to keep track of each symbol as i recorded 
          them. it was not possible that stephen predetermined any sign, degree 
          or order to what he channeled. 
the cohesion 
          the aquarian symbols have is their own. it was not by conscious 
          design that the symbols offer the synchronicity they contain. there 
          are two or three symbols that describe in detail historical events that 
          did happen, but not until after the symbols were channeled. 
when stephen 
          channeled he closed his eyes and covered them with paper tissues. he 
          waited until he could see clearly, then he described what he saw in 
          words spoken out loud to me while keeping his eyes closed. he would 
          take a rest and wait until another symbol appeared. we did not talk 
          about the process of stephen's channeling or my recording until all 
          360 degrees were received.
 for my 
          part, i concentrated on recording word-for-word what stephen described. 
          one symbol came to me before he said it aloud. in all other instances, 
          i kept my mind entirely focused on recording exactly what stephen told 
          me he saw. i did observe that he had more difficulty describing the 
          last degrees of each sign, although he had no idea why one symbol was 
          easier to delineate than another. in many instances, the symbols for 
          the final degrees of each sign are more complex than those for the earlier 
          degrees. 
the following 
          is what stephen morrissey has written about the aquarian symbols: 
          

"i had 
            no way of knowing which degree or which sign was being channeled, 
            or by what method carolyn was organizing her recording of the symbols, 
            except that it was by random order. as we channeled the symbols i 
            began to realize their significance. my concern all along is that 
            they help people in understanding themselves. it is my aspiration 
            that in no way should the symbols lead people away from being more 
            conscious. 
i think 
            the symbols are a collaboration; they could not have come into being 
            by either of us alone. if carolyn had not been receptive to them during 
            their channeling, i would not have been able to continue. we acted 
            as mid-wives to their birth.
 to visualize 
            the symbols i would cover my eyes and follow one of two techniques, 
            neither of which i planned in advance. in the first i would sense 
            myself as flying. when i was flying i could look down to where a specific 
            scene would present itself. i was able to look down on beaches, trails, 
            forests, mountains as well as cityscapes. a second approach was to 
            feel i was rapidly descending into a tunnel under the earth. i then 
            had the sensation of stopping as if at a particular destination. in 
            both instances i would describe what could be seen.
 these 
            symbols are an insight into the collective unconscious. they describe 
            universal and archetypal patterns. the symbols are impersonal but 
            still resonate with emotion for the reader. each symbol is like a 
            dream or a riddle, to be analyzed and meditated upon and seen from 
            many perspectives in order to be understood.
 the 
            simplicity of the symbol should not prevent the reader from going 
            deeply into the meaning or the symbol, just as the apparent insignificance 
            of a dream should not prevent the dreamer from finding the symbolic 
            meaning of the dream. it is my sincere hope that the aquarian symbols 
            will help anyone who is interested to become more inner-directed, 
            to offer a balance to our too often outer-directed lives."

 the symbols 
          have been edited slightly from the word-for-word descriptions i recorded 
          at the time; the editing has not altered content but served grammatical 
          structure and flow of language. the symbols have not been revised in 
          regard to meaning or tone. stephen morrissey and i would like to thank 
          axel harvey for editorial assistance and for his introduction. we also 
          thank jef simpson for his encouragement and for printing and distributing 
          the symbols through the cosmic data-bank.
 at one 
          point during the ten-day period described above, stephen asked me what 
          it was we were dealing with. i spontaneously told him they were the 
          aquarian symbols. these symbols for the 360 degrees of the zodiac arrived 
          with their own name. they are now going out into the world with a dedication 
          for everyone.thank 
          you. 


 
carolyn 
              joyce, m.a. 
              montreal, may 2000



 


 

 
excerpt 
          from introduction by axel harvey 
many of 
          the 360 short utterances in this book might be descriptions of a traveller's 
          snapshots--one of them, in fact, features tourists arriving by bus at 
          a museum. but it is obvious that no casual shutterbug would take a picture 
          like, say, the first degree of aquarius: "a rock rolls down a hill and 
          lands in a pool of water." such an image could only be caught by a photographer 
          who was expert, lucky, and aesthetically severe.
two degrees 
          later there is a scene with an inner monologue, "a young woman looks 
          at her name and address on a letter she has just received and decides 
          to move." that vermeer, you think--but, no, it's more in the nature 
          of a challenge designed to see if the living artist can live down vermeer. 
          given that a young female is deciding to move, what can we deduce about 
          the picture in which she finds herself? what would have to be on canvas?
half a 
          zodiac away there is 18th leo, "someone is lost on a mountain path and 
          is filled with regret," which could almost be a set piece for a chinese 
          painter. now there is no doubt that the picture by itself would not 
          be enough. we need the appropriate poem running down alongside the mountain 
          if we want to know about the subject's remorse. it gets most complicated, 
          finally, in those degrees where the presumed thought crowds out the 
          visual matter. consider the 24th of virgo, "the gardens are at their 
          peak but there is a rumour of locusts approaching," which is more about 
          rumours than about cabbages or locusts. one realizes that the images 
          could only belong in a novel or a horoscope.
these are 
          not pictures, they are doors. you must enter, in each case, asking yourself 
          what is the relationship between the door and the structure as a whole. 
          fortunately the latter is given--it is the horoscope--so you are not 
          in the difficult position of the art student challenged to paint a story, 
          or the dilletante unable to read chinese. you have a large part of the 
          story already; you must use the door, the degree symbol, to modify and 
          extend what is apparent in the rest of the map. 

"now 
            morrissey and joyce’s degree set joins the rank of the few that 
            will stand the test of time. it will survive because it avoids pretentiousness, 
            is unselfconsciously contemporary, and above all is apposite." 
            								
            axel harvey  

 
for further 
          information about the aquarian symbols you can email:
carolyn@aquariansymbols.com 
          or stephen@aquariansymbols.com

for 
          astrological consultations in person or by phone with carolyn joyce, 
          m.a., phone 514-483-4432 or email cj@aquariansymbols.com

 


 
 
 





 



