






my college guide | accredited online colleges





































































my degree finder















online degrees
explore the most in-demand majors being offered by accredited online schools.
read more





online colleges
flexibility. convenience. anytime. anywhere. you're just 1 click away from your dream school.
read more





going back to school
thinking of going back to college? get the info you need here!
read more









online college finder
online classes provide you with the same quality learning opportunities as traditional, college campus programs, often at a fraction of the price.
with over 200 top online colleges and schools offering online degrees in a wide-range of fields, you now have the option to pursue your college dreams with unprecedented convenience and flexibility.
earning your college degree from the comfort of home can give you the best of both worlds when it comes to fulfilling your educational goals. in the past five years, the number of students opting to take online classes has nearly doubled, jumping to over 45 percent!
online classes vs. traditional classes
comparing the benefits (and limitations) of online classes vs. traditional classes on campus takes place from a variety of different angles and viewpoints. sifting through these pros and cons does take some time and effort, but the process is well worth undertaking as it can directly impact whether or not you make the right decision regarding your educational future.
on the traditional side of the equation, taking classes on-campus allows you to immerse yourself in the “college experience” and interact with other students on a regular basis; two things that are highly important to many prospective students who are entering the world of higher education.
however, the importance of this traditional experience is rapidly fading away as more and more students realize just how convenient it is to engage in classes from the comfort of their homes. working on a degree via an online program gives you the freedom to learn at your own pace and operate within the constraints of an already rigid or overflowing personal schedule. in addition, more and more accredited universities are recognizing that important learning opportunities take place outside of the classroom. as a result, a number of colleges now award college credit for life experience or competency based degree programs, a tremendous advantage for students with prior work and military experience.
the benefits of online classes & programs
taking your learning into the digital world isn’t just about tapping into the enhanced convenience of this process and getting to stay in your pajamas while working through classes online – even though many students do enjoy these perks. this approach comes with a wide array of advantages that translate well into a variety of life experiences and personal situations.
for working professionals, going back to school and completing a degree online is all about flexibility and fitting their educational goals into a rigid or uncompromising schedule. the same holds true for stay-at-home parents and other individuals who simply can’t afford to spend hours and hours locked into classes on a traditional campus.
here are the bachelor’s degrees you can earn online:

online accounting degree
online architecture degree
online art & art history degree
online biology degree
online business administration degree
online communications degree
online computer science degree
online counseling degree
online criminal justice degree
online cyber security degree
online economics degree
online education degree
online engineering degree
online english degree
online finance degree
online game design degree
online general studies degree
online graphic design degree
online health science degree
online healthcare administration degree
online history degree
online human resources degree
online information technology degree
online journalism degree
online exercise science degree
online liberal arts degree
online marketing degree
online mathematics degree
online nursing degree
online nutrition degree
online photography degree
online political science degree
online project management degree
online psychology degree
online social work degree
online theology degree
online web design degree

whether it’s an online certificate program, online associate’s degree, online bachelor’s degree, online master’s degree, or an online doctorate degree, in many cases, online degrees are the most affordable way to earn your college degree. whether you’re paying for college on your own, or tapping into an education reimbursement plan offered by your employer, it’s hard to beat the affordability that comes with enrolling in many of the online universities currently operating in the digital world.
when paired with the other benefits covered here, it doesn’t take much to see why over 5.5 million students have opted to enroll in online degree programs.
choosing an online college
choosing an online college is all about pairing your educational goals and needs with a program or university that matches these criteria. if you’re a student in high school planning for college, the best place to start is by exploring careers that interest you and deciding what it is that you want to study in college. without this ‘big picture” viewpoint guiding the way, it’s impossible to sort through the vast amount of potential online degree programs waiting for you in the digital world.
of course, it’s also a good idea to ask yourself, “is taking an online class really right for me?” yes, there are numerous benefits that come with learning from home, but you have to be willing to give up the on-campus experience – student body interaction, campus atmosphere, etc. – if you decide to travel down this path and forego the traditional on-campus route.
when it comes to filtering through your online options, there are three key considerations that can guide you through this sometimes complex and confusing process: the accreditation credentials of the school, how you plan to pay for your education, and the degrees offered by the target institution. being accredited by one of the major regional accrediting bodies will ensure that the online college you’re considering is legitimate and capable of providing you with a proper education. once you’ve decided on a college, you can then explore the scholarship and loan opportunities offered by the institution.
finally, the university in question will need to offer a degree program that fits your needs, whether you’re looking for a quick degree to earn online, medical field majors online, or an mba program online with no gmat requirement, or if you’re transferring colleges and looking for universities that accept transfer students with low gpa. a wide variety of schools now offer online classes, such as online culinary schools, online law schools, and even online vocational schools.
search top online colleges by major
finding the top online college for your learning needs is a lot like scouting out universities and colleges in-person; certain schools rise above the competition thanks to “flagship” majors and exemplary specialized learning programs, while others provide assistance and resources to incoming students that make the transition into distance learning a considerably smoother and more manageable affair.
if you’re truly serious about getting the most out of your time in school, it’s a good idea to start your search for the perfect online college by zeroing in on the majors and areas of study that pique your interest. institutions that focus on psychology or engineering, for example, are more likely to provide incoming students with the unique digital tools and framework needed to match – or exceed – the traditional learning experience, while also setting these future graduates up for success in the real world via relationships with established professional organizations and work-placement programs.









information you can trust
for over 30 years, my college guide has been producing an annual magazine chock full of expert advice to aid you in your college selection process. getting into college isn't just about who picks you, it's also about who you pick. we can help walk you through factors ranging from cost of education and the strength of various majors to faculty ratio and accreditation.


most recent guides



does mba accreditation matter?
can you get an mba with any degree? breaking down the barriers
2025 most affordable online mba no gmat required programs
can you transfer from a community college to a university? [2025 guide]
is transferring colleges hard? [2025 guide]



about us
contact us
sitemap
terms of use
privacy policy








copyright 2007- 2025. mycollegeguide.org. all rights reserved.































