nintendo new york - the gaming store for all ages.nintendoall categoriesall categoriessupportwish listcartloadingmy nintendo storegamesnintendo switchnews & eventsplay nintendoall categoriesnintendostore infovisit usfeatured productsnbassadorsfaqwelcome to nintendo new york!where everyone comes to play!located in manhattan's historic rockefeller center, nintendo ny is your very own warp pipe into the mushroom kingdom and beyond! with 10,000 square feet of dedicated gaming goodness spread over 2 floors, you can check out new and exciting titles headed to   the nintendo switch system, while also scratching that itch to pick up exclusive memorabilia featuring your favorite selection of gaming superstars! looking for the perfect super mario souvenir? don't worry mario, because your princess is in this castle. so do a barrel roll and stop by nintendo ny today! whether you're a long-time fan or you're just getting started, nintendo ny has something for you!come visit us!10 rockefeller plaza, new york, ny 10020 (on 48th street between 5th and 6th avenues) via subway b, d, f, m to 47-50 stsphone: (646) 459-0800email: nintendonyc@noa.nintendo.com store hours:monday - saturday 10am-8pmsunday 11am-7pmfeatured productsnintendo sound clock alarmo™introduce a little play to your wake-up routine with nintendo sound clock: alarmo, the interactive alarm clock from nintendo! nintendo switch online membership not required for purchase in store. click here for more product infomeet the teammoiseswhat is your favorite series or game? super smash bros. ultimatewhat is your favorite nintendo memory? playing wii sports and wii sports resort with my dad growing up!what nny experience would you recommend to first time visitors? say hello to mario in the experience section and have a nice chat!favorite character: bowser jr.currently playing: super mario 64sarahwhat is your favorite series or game? pokémonwhat is your favorite nintendo memory? playing tetris on long road trips and constantly trying to beat my high score.what nny experience would you recommend to first time visitors?  come say hi to bowser, pikachu and link!favorite character: daisycurrently playing: super mario bros. wondersocialize with us!tweets by nintendonyc about nintendocareerscorporate social responsibilityshopgameshardwaremerchandisesales & dealsexclusivesonline servicenintendo ny storeordersorder detailsshipping inforeturns & exchangesfaqsupportnintendo switchnintendo accountother systemsrepairsnintendo product recyclingwarrantylicensed product informationparentsinfo for parentsparental controlsprivacyprivacy policycookies and interest-based adscommunitycommunity guidelinesonline safety principlesdocuments & policieshealth & safety precautionswireless regulatory infosupply chain transparencyesrb privacy certified© nintendo. games are property of their respective owners. nintendo of america inc. headquarters are in redmond, washington, usacontact uswebsite feedbackterms of useenglish (united states)