






explorion.net • travel & exploration














home
books
pages
authors
subjects














 

 














why am i telling you all these examples of exploration and adventure?  because we are all explorers in life, whichever path we follow. – fridtjof nansen













exploration of the world

travellers from the first to the ninth century • travellers between the tenth and thirteenth centuries • marco polo • ibn battuta • jean de béthencourt • christopher columbus • india and the spice countries • the conquerors of central america • the first voyage round the world • the polar expeditions and the search for the north-west passage • voyages of adventure and privateering warfare • missionaries and settlers. merchants and tourists • william dampier • the pole and america 







eighteenth century navigators

astronomers and cartographers • voyages in the eighteenth century • captain cook's predecessors • captain cook's first voyage • captain cook's second voyage • captain cook's third voyage • french navigators • african explorers • asia • the two americas 






nineteenth century explorers

the dawn of a century of discovery • the exploration and colonization of africa • the oriental scientific movement and american discoveries • voyages round the world and polar expeditions • french circum-navigators • polar expeditions • the north pole







stories of great explorers

columbus • magellan • francis drake • henry hudson • le maire and schouten • thomas james • william dampier • woodes rogers • john clipperton • george anson • john byron • samuel wallis • bougainville • james cook •  portlock and dixon • la pérouse • george vancouver • bruni d'entrecasteaux • william parry • john franklin • park, denham, clapperton, lander • samuel hearne • john lewis burckhardt • james bruce • john ledyard • belzoni • george forster • edward daniel clarke • richard pococke 







selected books

john h. speke - the discovery of the source of the nile • charles darwin - the voyage of the beagle •  john muir - travels in alaska • joshua slocum - sailing alone around the world • william curtis - modern india • annie brassey - a voyage in the sunbeam • francis parkman - the oregon trail • theodore roosevelt - through the brazilian wilderness • george kennan - tent life in siberia • bayard taylor - the lands of the saracens 






more books

richard f. burton - two trips to gorilla land and the cataracts of the congo • lafcadio hearn -  glimpses of an unfamiliar japan •  isabella bird - among the tibetans • henry stanley - how i found livingstone • algot lange - in the amazon jungle • samuel baker - in the heart of africa • cabeza de vaca - adventures in the unknown interior of america • hiram bingham - inca land • percival lowell - noto, an unexplored corner of japan







latest books








voyage of the paper canoe




by-ways of bombay






camps and trails in china




wanderings in south america






through central borneo




corea or cho-sen - the land of the...






roving east and roving west




from normandy to the pyrénées






a narrative of captivity in...




the discovery of the source of the...






the naturalist on the thames




passages from the french and...






glimpses of an unfamiliar japan, ii




glimpses of an unfamiliar japan, i






wanderings among south sea savages...




what i saw in california






through the grand canyon from...




wanderings in wessex






two thousand miles on an automobile




cuba, old and new






 














popular bookspopular pages







from normandy to the pyrénées




adventures in the unknown interior of america




in the heart of africa




château and country life in france




tent life in siberia




among the tibetans




canyons of the colorado




in the amazon jungle




a voyage in the 'sunbeam'




american encyclopedia - travel



 
 









the colosseum and the forum




captain james cook




the dawn of a century of discovery




chapter ii. narrative of captain cook's first voyage round the world.




chapter iv. narrative of captain cook's second voyage round the world.




french navigators, i




travels in africa. park, denham, clapperton, lander, and others




african explorers




the exploration and colonization of africa, ii




voyages round the world, and polar expeditions



 
 

 



today's bookstoday's pages







from normandy to the pyrénées




château and country life in france




cuba, old and new




tent life in siberia




the discovery of the source of the nile




glimpses of an unfamiliar japan, i




in the heart of africa




a voyage in the 'sunbeam'




among the tibetans




corea or cho-sen - the land of the morning calm



 
 









chapter iv. narrative of captain cook's second voyage round the world.




vi.




v.




i.




v. ceremonies and festivals




ii.




iii.




iv.




chapter ii. narrative of captain cook's first voyage round the world.




the dawn of a century of discovery



 
 

 

 




 






home | books | pages | authors | subjects | contact | sitemap
• follow other readers and subscribe to our rss feed. 



  





href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank">
class="statcounter"
src="https://c.statcounter.com/837325/0/8fe36e7a/1/"
alt="web analytics"
referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">

 





 

 


