







home - rmc ready-mix














































































skip to content








dispatch: 604-583-6666   




office: 604-574-1164












 








 
home
about
products

flowtech colotech fibertech rm-co2 rmc-aero rmc-icf

resources
credit applications
portfolio

residential gallery commercial gallery industrial gallery

contact
x
 







contact now















british columbia's best quality concrete supplier 



rmc ready-mix ltd. is a canadian ready mix concrete supplier in the lower mainland of british columbia 






get started














 





 





 








 




							introduction						







leader in quality and on-time delivery
 



we at rmc ready-mix ltd. understand and appreciate the value of your business. we have made it our mission to provide you with best quality concrete and reliable services for over 50 years. even though we continue to grow, our belief in the value of an honest, one-on-one relationship remains the same.we stand by all that we offer and are proud of the quality of service we provide. it is our promise that by the time our work for you is complete, you will be nothing less than completely satisfied. if you are interested in what we can offer you, please feel free to contact us directly. a member of our experienced team will be delighted to take your call. 






our products


















 




							proud member						







 



rmc is proud to be a member of concrete bc
 






contact us










 













 




							our products						







discover our products 




 





 




rmc-icf 



discover the future of energy-efficient construction with rmc-icf, our innovative insulated concrete form mix designed to take your projects to new heights of sustainability and comfort. 








 
learn more







 





 




rmc-aero 



rmc-aero, an innovative concrete, is engineered to redefine the way you build. our dedication to innovation and sustainability has birthed a product that melds strength, versatility, and eco-responsibility. 








 
learn more







 





 




rm-co2 



with the launch of rm-c02, we present a comprehensive array of concrete solutions that not only meet your construction needs but also help you reduce your carbon footprint. 








 
learn more







 





 




colotech 



soft or bright, natural or intense, colotech allows you to create durable and colourful concrete designs to enhance your next project. 








 
learn more







 





 




flowtech 



flowtech boasts an exceptionally fluid design, enabling quicker pumping and placement, while delivering an enhanced finish and minimizing shrinkage cracking. 








 
learn more







 





 




fibertech 



from slabs, driveways and sidewalks, to pool decks and patios, today’s construction projects include more concrete features than ever. 








 
learn more







 










residential 



									we can help you build beautiful sidewalks, driveways and backyard patios as we have the products and expertise for colour, exposed and stamped concrete. we have professional drivers that provide prompt delivery and everyone at rmc is dedicated to customer satisfaction.
								



personal credit application (.pdf) 







 
download now











commercial 



									rmc has helped build houses, townhouses, bridges, towers and large commercial complexes for more than 50 years. we have the in-house expertise to develop the right concrete mix for your specialized projects.
								



commercial application for business (.pdf) 







 
download now
















 




							testimonials						







what our customers say
 





 












						“we have a long term business relationship with rmc and we are always satisfied with the product and service. shawn the sales representative is helpful and very easy to work with.”
					


leone homescustomer 






						“as an owner builder on my first project, i was very impressed with the lineup of people that i have dealt with at rmc. jericho has been outstanding in helping me get my project to completion - always available to help and lend his ear. highly recommend this company.”
					


jamie r.customer 






						“best service and on time professional delivery. rmc was able to meet my initial timelines and even after we needed to move the timelines they were extremely flexible. we were able to get the job done in a single day, saving me on labour and pump costs. thank you rmc team. would highly recommend!” 					


marko m.customer 






						“we have been using rmc since the 1980s. the logistics of pouring concrete can be difficult (measuring volume, pump, placer, my complicated billing, etc); with rmc it's just one phone call and they handle the rest.”					


asanti homescustomer 






















give rmc ready-mixa call today 



have any questions or concerns?
we'd love to hear from you
 







 
call us now


















 



									rmc ready-mix ltd. is a canadian ready mix concrete supplier in the lower mainland of british columbia								






facebook
 



linkedin-in
 



instagram
 








visit us 






address 19275 54 ave, surrey bc, v3s 8e5




mon - sat: 6am - 5pm







contact us 






dispatch 604-583-6666




office 604-574-1164




sales@rmcreadymix.ca









our products 






colotech




fibertech




rm-co2




rmc-aero




rmc-icf









links 






about us




faqs




portfolios




resources




contact











									copyright © 2025 rmc ready-mix | all rights reserved.								








sitemap




privacy policy






































