




daffodil society of minnesota - welcome






















daffodil society of minnesota
 



 

welcome to the daffodil
      society of minnesota 


 welcome getting
        started caring for daffodils  questions & answers daffodils
        for minnesota  sources for bulbs  glossary

our show

calendar of events speakers
      bureau related links

about us join us contact
      us 







 sign up for our email newsletter









  


 for email newsletters you can trust 





 

        “and then my heart with pleasure fills,
        and dances with the daffodils.”
        --from william wordsworth's poem ‘the daffodils’  
        n. 'pseudonarcissus', 1w-y – this is most surely the flower that wordsworth saw in the english lake district that inspired his poem "the daffodils". 
daffodils are easy! 
 daffodils are one of the easiest perennial plants to grow in minnesota!
        many, many varieties are reliably hardy here. they're not just yellow
        anymore—pinks, oranges, whites, reds and greens have been created.
        deer, squirrels and rabbits leave them alone, unlike other spring bulbs.
        they are one of the first signs of spring after our long winters. they
        are long lasting cut flowers. and, when they are happy where they've
        been planted, they multiply year after year. they are virtually pest
        free in minnesota's climate. 
but minnesota's harsh climate requires steps which are not mentioned
        in general gardening how-to books or mail-order catalogs nor are they
        taught by local nurseries.  
use these links to explore daffodils in minnesota: getting started,
         caring for daffodils , questions & answers 


daffodils in the landscape 
daffodils are a wonderful addition to the garden landscape, especially when planted in clumps, and with other bulbs and other early-blooming perennials.  
here are four different daffodils that are easily grown in minnesota, spanning from early season through late. 
n. 'monal', 2y-r, pictured with other daffodil varieties in the background; early blooming 
hybridized by grant mitsch (usa), 1976 
n. 'jetfire', 6y-o, sited alongside a large boulder; early blooming 
hybridized by grant mitsch (usa), 1966 
n. 'pinza', 2y-yyo, mid-season bloom 
hybridized by j. lionel richardson (ireland), 1962 
n. 'thalia', 5w-w, shown with muscari and tulip 'linifolia' ;  late blooming 
hybridized by m van waveren and sons, historic flower, 1916 (netherlands) 


thank you! 
 we hope that our website provides you with useful information, whether
        you are planting your first daffodil bulbs in minnesota or whether you've
        grown them for years. 
 enjoy your visit and we invite you to join us. 
this site was created by william smale with content provided by
        the daffodil society of minnesota members and funded, in part, with
        a grant from the national science foundation through the science museum
        of minnesota's community partnerships serving science program. 


 we thank the american daffodil society for hosting our website. 





site map | 
      privacy policy | 
      search site | 
      news media | 
       
©2005 daffodil society of minnesota | last updated
    january 16, 2020 3:04 pm

    





