




tradewinds lounge 

















































 










tradewinds lounge
st augustine florida lounge






tradewinds lounge
live music schedule

best live entertainment


our history
contact
photo galleries

tradewinds
matanzas
those guys


our location
reviews
merchandise





           slider 2 slider 1   








the tradewinds tropical lounge is dedicated to having the very best live entertainment in north florida.  featuring live stream, hornit, vegas gray, sizemore band, cotton mouth, blistur, keith godwin & rio grande—acts that complete the evolution from our early days as folk lounge to our current mix of the best music — rock’n’roll, blues, and a little country.
r e v i e w s
recently i was in st augustine (mid day) and was walking around taking pictures. i walked by tradewinds tropical lounge and heard live music through the open door. i had to go in and check it out. the guy playing guitar and singing was great! he sounded like johnny cash. i got a draft yuengling, it was cold and tasted great. the bartender was friendly and kept up on refills. i left for a walk to the old fort. it was windy and cool that day and i ducked back into tradewinds for a warm up and cold one. the music was still going strong and the bartender remembered my name and what i was drinking.
the place has a unique decor – a lot to look at and take in. the people were friendly and i felt at home here. i have been here several times in the past and was glad it is still open and still a great place. i look forward to stopping here the next time i’m in town.  it is not fancy – but i feel this place is a gem in st augustine.
jim b.
chesapeake, va
 
i had the best time in this place !!! it is awesome in every way. the bar service is friendly fast , stay on top of things, feels like a home party all the time, very friendly patrons as well…. everybody seems to be havin’ a good time no troubles there and the bouncer is nice but everybody knows he’s there so no issues. i was there on the 4th of july and it was a blast, best location to be at , great views and close to everything in town. music is country rock most of the time , only down side is very small dance floor – very small seriously.
i’d go back anyway time after time – at least every 4th !!
nori r.
miami beach, fl
 













 



			join us on facebook





 view cart


a great day live music back at the trade winds tropical lounge

click here to view the video (5/25)




 
 


 tradewinds lounge 124 charlotte street | saint augustine, florida  32084      (904) 826-1590 





©2021 tradewinds lounge, st. augustine, florida web development webworkspro, inc.




301 moved permanently

301 moved permanently
nginx/1.18.0 (ubuntu)
















