







isaac and phaedra bonewits' neopagan.net







welcome to our cybernetic grove and virtual stone
      circle!





           blog: views from the cyberhenge



to find everything else
            on this website, use the
table
            of contents ~ site map







[philip emmons isaac bonewits
(b. 1949, ba in magic from the university of california at berkeley, 1970), 
author, musician and founder of ár ndraíocht féin: a druid fellowship, 
passed away august 12, 2010.] 
[neopagan.net has been left mostly as it was the last time isaac edited it in april 2010. some small changes and additions (like this one) have been made by his widow, phaedra bonewits, and are indicated (mostly) by [bracketing] or strikeouts. phaedra is maintaining the bonewits blog, views from the cyberhenge. you can contact phaedra at phaedra @ neopagan dot net (take out the spaces and make it a dot, of course).]
this website contains materials by and about isaac
      and phaedra bonewits and their topics of expertise: druidism,
      paganism, witchcraft, magic(k), ritual design, polytheology,
      polyamory, tarot, energy work, etc. it includes updated versions
      of many of their writings now floating about the net, excerpts
      from current and upcoming books, song lyrics (serious, silly,
      bawdy, and invocatory), curmudgeonly rants about satanists and
      other christian fundamentalists, and other items to educate,
      enlighten, annoy and/or amuse. this is an archive site, so old
      items are numerous. almost everything here represents our
      personal opinions. you are welcome to start your own website
      to promote your own opinions.



in response to requests from donors,
here are special subscription donation buttons:



 
   
make a one-time donation



   
donate $5 a month


   
donate $10 a month


   
donate $20 a month


   
donate $50 a month


   
donate $100 a month





news
(note: isaac passed away from his cancer august 12, 2010)yes, it's true,
      isaac has cancer in the vicinity of his root chakra. as of april 7th, he is going through additional rounds of chemotherapy and has finished radiation treatments. he seems to be doing reasonably well, the tumors are shrinking, and we are both grateful for the prayers and donations that are keeping our heads above water in this stressful time. read our blog for occasional updates and our facebook
      fan page for daily
      notes and news. all healing energies sent our way will be gratefully
      accepted. we are auctioning special autographed editions of our
      books at ebay to raise money for the cancer bills and to replace lost income (search under
      "bonewits" and look for books labled "cancer fund".)
phaedra now has a cooking
      blog in which she
      shares her delicious recipes!
kensington books/citadel press says that they
      are going to print more copies of bonewits's essential guide
      to witchcraft and wicca.
isaac is currently working on three books: a full-length
      work on the laws of magic and a brief guide to neopaganism, as well as a book about cancer, tentatively entitled, cancer is a pain in the butt! 
phaedra is working on cataloging our five-thousand
      book library at library
      thing, and collecting notes for a book on magic and the senses.
remember, if you have read and enjoyed any of
      our books, please take the time to post
      reviews online, especially at amazon.com, barnes and noble.com,
      etc. the reviews at amazon, in particular, are echoed on literally
      hundreds of other websites and strongly influence sales.
for more information about our book titles,
      see our books
      page. to order books, visit our amazon
      book store. for jewelry purchases of isaac's designs, please
      go to isaac's
      page at amulets by merlin. for isaac's music cds and lecture
      tapes, go to isaac's
      page at ace. for various products made with isaac's graphic
      designs, go to isaac's
      cafe press store. for tarot
      readings by isaac and phaedra bonewits, click that link.
visit our fan
      page on facebook!!














advertise
                  on
                  neopagan.net!






got skype? or ichat? get an online tarot reading
            from isaac!
            or we can do it over the regular telephone.
            drop an electron
            to make an appointment.






want a wiccan, druidic, asatruar,
            goth, pirate, group, same-sex, leather, sci-fi wedding, handfasting,
            handparting, or child-blessing done by isaac and/or
	phaedra?
              [ email phaedra @ neopagan dot net ].




help us move to oregon!



we live in one of the most expensive parts of the usa (just
      north of new york city) and really need to move someplace cheaper.
      we've been focusing our hopes on ashland,
      oregon for a few years now. ashland is a small town just
      north of the california border near the coast and is home to
      the oregon shakespeare
      festival, which runs ten months out of every year. so the
      whole town is filled with actors, musicians, writers, poets,
      and other creative folks, while having a large and steady influx
      of tourists. it's also druid central for the west coast (hi guys!)
      with several different druid groups in residence. just the place
      for a couple of pagan elders to spend their later years!
the fact that the cost of living is about a third lower
      than what we're paying now means that our meager income will
      stretch much further. there's a branch of phaedra's store
      just fifteen miles up the interstate in medford (a city that
      also has an international airport, so we can quickly and cheaply
      get there to fly off to gigs). in ashland, isaac hopes to open
      a tarot parlor where he can write and teach when he's not giving
      readings.
we estimate that the cost to move ourselves, our cats,
      and literally a ton of books, will be at least $10,000 (including
      movers, first & last, security, and a month of groceries).
      anyone who would like to help us out can donate using the paypal
      box to the right of these words. as with our general support
      fund, you can also send money to [phaedra] at [po box 603, pittsboro, nc 27312].





donate to our moving fund






isaac and phaedra say.
      . .
we get a lot of people trying to contact
      us (amid 1000+ spams a day), so we’re buried in unanswered
      phone messages, email and snailmail. we do appreciate
      the many kind remarks people send us — we just can’t
      respond to most of them! if you are looking for advice on books
      or groups, please explore our site thoroughly and follow the
      many links we have here. we can’t
      be your personal mentors, we can’t
      recommend local teachers where you live, and we’re
      not interested in being “saved”
      by spiritual bullies. before joining any group, analyse it using
      the cult danger evaluation frame. if
      you’re looking for information on neopagan witchcraft or
      “wicca,” and/or local neopagan groups or individuals
      near you, visit the world’s largest database of such matters:
      the witches’ voice.
      if you’re looking for druid contacts, visit our current
      druid groups and friends page. email threatening us with
      divine (or demonic) wrath is trashed automatically by our email
      programs and we never see it, so don’t bother even writing
      it. email from genuinely loving christians is appreciated for
      its rarity, but please, go talk to your demonically
      obsessed brethren instead of us — they need it far more
      than we do.
due to the spam plague, email with a subject
      heading of “hi,” “hey there,” “hello,”
      or without any subject at all, gets filtered out. putting the
      word “pagan” in the subject line will usually filter
      your message in. avoid
      using words and phrases that commonly appear in the spam you
      receive. :)
we do have some e-lists at yahoo groups. go
      to the e-lists page for details.











(p. e.) isaac bonewits, adr.em./adf (1949-2010) and phaedra bonewits
                  	email: [phaedra at neopagan dot net].
                  	snailmail: po box 603, pittsboro nc 27312
                  	this webpage is copyright © 1979, 2001 c.e., isaac bonewits, 
				© 2011 phaedra bonewits
                  most recently updated: april 13, 2008 c.e. march 24, 2011
      this homepage url is <http://www.neopagan.net>






if you would like to link
      to this site, you may use this banner gif, which is 400x60 pixels:








