









home - venue actor studio | interior design and home staging in new orleans, monroe louisiana tree service



































home
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 





select page


  
 



 



 











blog
our blog











is home staging worth it? 

by secure_admin | jul 26, 2022 | interior design services

are you thinking of putting your home on the market? if so, you may be wondering if it’s worth staging it first. after all, staging can be expensive, and you may not think your home needs it. however, there are a couple of reasons why staging is a good idea. 

first off, staged homes typically sell for more money than un-staged homes. studies have shown that staged homes sell an average of 17% quicker than un-staged homes. 
aside from that, there are other reasons why interior design and home staging in new orleans are worth it. here are some of them.  
attract more buyers 
staging your home can pay off in a big way by helping you attract more buyers. buyers are often looking for a home that they can picture themselves living in, and home staging helps to create that vision.  
by decluttering and arranging furniture in a way that is both aesthetically pleasing and functional, home staging can make even the most ordinary home feel warm and inviting. and when buyers see your home in its best light, they’ll be more likely to put in an offer. 
sell your home higher and faster 
when you’re selling your home, first impressions are key. that’s why home staging is so important – it makes your home more appealing to buyers and can help you sell your home faster and for a higher price.  
home staging is simply the process of preparing your home for sale, and it involves everything from decluttering to rearranging furniture. it’s also important to take into account the principles of home interior design, as buyers will be looking at your home not only as a potential place to live but also as an investment.  
by making your home more visually appealing, you can increase its value in the eyes of potential buyers and make it more likely that you’ll sell your home quickly and at a higher price.  
so, if you’re selling your home, don’t forget the importance of home staging. it could make all the difference in getting your home sold fast and for top dollar. 
hide the flaws of your home 
home staging can be a great way to hide the flaws of your home and make it more appealing to potential buyers. if you are selling your home, consider hiring a professional home stager to help you get the most out of your home sale. 
stand out against competitors 
in today’s competitive housing market, home staging can give you a significant advantage over your competition. home staging is the process of preparing a home for sale, and it can be a powerful marketing tool.  
by making your home more attractive to buyers, you can increase its appeal and ultimately its value. with the help of a professional home stager, you can transform your home into a beautiful showpiece that is sure to stand out from the competition.  
in addition to increasing your home’s value, home staging can also help you sell your home more quickly. if you are looking to give your home an edge in the marketplace, home staging is an excellent option to consider. 




taking care of trees after a storm

by secure_admin | aug 16, 2019 | tree services
over the next few years, trees that survived the serious storm damage will need unique care. the canopy loss will decrease the capacity of trees to photosynthesize and take up water for food. as trees enter the hottest portion of the year, increased fertilization and watering and are essential after the rains have gone.  

tree owners are responsible for supplementing the nutrients needed by trees, particularly the ones they can no longer absorb from their surroundings. your arborist can address fertilization alternatives, including an extensive plant health care program for your tree delivered throughout the year. 
storms and trees  
storms can cause a lot of harm done to trees, particularly when there are high winds and hails. after the storm, removing any fallen or damaged limbs and clearing all other debris is essential. if the tree is vulnerable to wilting or other illnesses, the services of an arborist are critical.    
it is essential to start a water regimen for damaged trees after any flooding has occurred and until the soil returns to its usual moisture concentrations. damage to tree tissues may diminish the capacity of the tree to extract water and nutrients from the soil. furthermore, fertilizers boost the nutrients available in the soil. 
storm damaged trees 
while fertilization goes a long way to help restore damaged trees, trees still get more prone to pests, infestations, and other diseases. fungal problems are increasingly prevalent with the latest moist climate, but environmental stress and insect activity are also hazards to avoid. during the storm season, trees tend to:  
1. fail and die  
while trees have the ability to store energy to last for years, infestation and damage cause them to die slowly. the oak wilt-carrying beetles are also a problem as they tend to wound and damaged trees. these beetles and the fungus they carry will stay active until as temperatures continuously goes up to over 90 degrees. 
2. sun damage 
the branches and trunks of trees will be subjected to more direct sunlight with decreased leafy canopy, which can cause additional harm. red oaks are particularly susceptible to damage from the sun. 
3. broken limbs 
trees develop in reaction to their surroundings. when one tree in a group is damaged or removed, the environment exposes the other trees in the same harm in ways they were not before. the newly exposed trees may not be tailored to their current circumstances. as future storms and wind pass through the region, they may not be able to resist the elements. ask your arborist to see if you can apply tree cabling or bracing to strengthen your trees. 
watch signs of tree stress 
it may take weeks or months for trees to demonstrate signs of stress from storm damage. some indications of stress are yellowing leaves and discoloration of the limbs. consult a certified arborist if you see any of these indications or have any other concerns about the health of your tree. monroe louisiana tree service can help you greatly with all things related to caring for your trees, especially after a storm.  











search for:





recent posts


is home staging worth it? 


taking care of trees after a storm


recent commentsarchives

july 2022
august 2019

categories

interior design services

tree services







 










facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 

























