







diet advisor










john w. 
		cartmell

clinical nutritionist


       




   


		 john w. cartmell, ms 



		clinical nutritionist 



		  

whitefish, mt (425) 883-7444 




		 









   



		 

medical nutrition consultation and therapy

  



better health through better nutrition 

 personal  
		and telemedicine consultations by appointment

_

























  
    




about john cartmell

consultation-
		therapy facts 

		download

client information form

testimonials






books 



contact




		 
  

  

       
  
      



proper nutrition is essential for health  
			

proper nutrition is essential for 
			maintaining health, preventing disease, and restoring health in the 
			face of disease. 
medical 
			nutrition therapy, seeks to improve health and symptoms naturally
			by optimizing patient nutrition, thereby decreasing the need for 
			medications.


the balance of nutrition is unique to the individual and can 
				vary depending on diet, digestion/absorption, age, race, gender, lifestyle, 
				medications, and state of 
				health or ill health.


the common symptom in every disease is the loss of health, and 
				it's the one symptom doctors 
				often fail to treat. yet any symptom can be made worse if the nutrition is insufficient 
				to maintain health or promote healing. 





nutritional 
				deficiencies are common in chronic and 
				degenerative disease or after 
				trauma injury or surgery.


medications can't correct for nutritional 
				deficiencies, and improved nutrition can't correct for medication 
				toxicities (side effects). long term use of medications increases the risk of 
				side effects which are usually treated with more drugs.
				 
				medical nutrition therapy can improve symptoms naturally which 
				may decrease the need for some medications.


self-care is the most important part of 
				healthcare, and proper nutrition is the foundation for health; 
				without which you can't obtain adequate exercise, quality sleep, 
				adapt to stress, detoxify or maintain the body's tissues.


medical nutrition consultation and therapy

medical 

nutrition therapy identifies areas of 
				nutritional weakness that can negatively impact health, and 
				provides information on how to strengthen these areas to improve 
				overall nutrition, health and wellness


telemedicine consultations available at no extra 
				charge.

see consultation-therapy 
				facts 
for more 
				information.he he he he







schedule an appointment

contact: 
					

john w. cartmell



download:


client information form






john w. cartmell, 
			ms, has been a clinical nutritionist since 2004, receiving a 
			master of science degree in nutrition research from bastyr 
			university of natural medicine in kenmore, wa. his master's thesis 
			was on "nutrition in fibromyalgia".

he specializes 
			in addressing 
			specific nutritional needs of clients with 

acid reflux (gerd), 
			age-related degenerative disease, allergies, anxiety, arthritis, 
			attention deficit hyperactive disorder (adhd), autism, autoimmune 
			disorders, cancer, chronic fatigue syndrome (cfs), depression, 
			diabetes, digestion problems, fibromyalgia, heart disease, high 
			cholesterol, hypertension, inflammatory bowel disease 
(crohn's disease, ulcerative 
			colitis), insomnia, irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), memory 
			problems, obesity, post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), 
			restless legs syndrome, 
			and other 
			chronic conditions of ill health.

he has published 
			papers and letters 
			on health and nutrition in several professional journals. his book, 
			“fibromyalgia, a nutritional 
			approach to prevention, treatment and cure”, was published 
			as an e-book 
			in 2008. his book, 
"medical nutrition therapy" was published august 
			15, 2021.
 

           





      



