











garden state towing association, inc.















































menu


home
news and events
membership benefits
executive board
membership directory
members only

goodyear tire program
michelin fleet account program
driver certification


nj towing laws
state police rates
scholarship

scholarship information
scholarship application
scholarship donation


contact us
 





 




join now
renew membership
 legal/legislative fund






 












the voice of new jersey’s towing industry
membership benefits











the voice of new jersey’s towing industry
find out more


 








                            welcome                        

welcome to the brand new garden state towing association website! our goal is to provide an efficient and easy-to-use way to learn about what gsta does to support towers in the state of new jersey and beyond. towing professionals will find relevant information like new jersey towing laws, upcoming events and resources to allow you to engage further with the industry.
the gsta was founded in 1987 and remains dedicated to being the voice of new jersey’s towing industry for nearly 40 years. please review the information provided on this site, and if it is helpful to you, we’d love to have you on our team!
 join now

news and events





 in the spotlight!


 
mary leigh barbusin, garden state towing association scholarship fund
 
the garden state towing association (gsta) established this scholarship fund in honor of our long time executive director, mary leigh barbusin. these scholarships are meant to assist gsta members’ children who wish to pursue a college education or technical degree at an accredited technical/vocational school or two year or four-year college or university.
scholarships are made based on academic potential, financial need, and special circumstances without reference to race, creed, gender, disability, religion or national origin.
applicants must be new jersey residents who are dependent children (naturally and legally adopted children or stepchildren living in the employee’s household or primarily supported by the employee), age 23 and under, of a regular gsta member or associate member in good standing. the member or member company must have a minimum of 1 year of membership with the gsta.
learn more
 
 


sign up for email updates
submit your email to receive news updates and special offers from gsta







email address 





 













garden state towing association






 





































copyright ©  
 gsta.org. all rights reserved  

 












