





state of the art gallery – a fine arts cooperative in ithaca, new york

















































































skip to content









 





state of the art gallery 



a fine arts cooperative in ithaca, new york 







home
members
exhibits

online shows
upcoming
posters & banners


blog
store
join
us

about us
contact
members only


 

 

home
members
exhibits

online shows
upcoming
posters & banners


blog
store
join
us

about us
contact
members only


 







 

search


 

















we are a cooperative fine art gallery operated by our members from the finger lakes region of new york, seeking to enhance the cultural and economic vitality of our community. 



open thursday through sunday, noon to 5. 









threads 



february 6 to march 2 





threads by jane dennissunset 2 by nancy ridenour starlings on lines by keith millmanintertwined by hsiao-pei yang the early light by david watkins jrevening serenade by daniel mcpheeters 

 

 






twelve artist members thread their diverse images together to reflect the colors of the new year. works include sculpture, photography, painting, digital art, and mixed media.
there will be an opening reception friday, february 7, 5–8pm.
you can view the show in the gallery or online.







featured artist: carol spence 





the way homenuthatchlandscapegoldfinchcraneschickadee 

 

 








				i am fascinated by the human condition and have always strived to translate the metaphysical complexities of being human through my mixed media paintings. the images often show representations of people, but they are not intended to be portraits—rather they are a metaphor for something more universal. i would like my paintings to act as a contemplative space where the viewer can make their own connections and form their own interpretations. 			





to learn more about carol and her art visit her member page. 






									open thursday through sunday, noon to 5:00								





announcements 




 



36th annual juried photography show 



we are now accepting entries to our 36th annual juried photography show. read the prospectus.








soag loves teachers! 



as part of ithaca loves teachers promotion february 14–28, the state of the art gallery is offering a drawing of an art gift when teachers show they have registered through visit ithaca. registered teachers also will receive 15% off of any art purchase. come visit and enjoy the current show of artwork!








gift cards 



we are now selling gift cards! stop by at the gallery to purchase one.








first friday 



we host an opening reception for our new shows from 5:00–8:00 on the first friday of every month.








becoming a member 



learn the benefits, responsibilities, and how to apply.











continuing events 








look club 




 





katrina morse, patty brown, and carol spence  will be hosting look club at the gallery every second sunday, 2–3 to look at the artwork on display. the next meeting will be on march 9. learn about different types of artwork and how to talk about art. what do you see? how does it resonate with you?











special events 











classes and workshops 








modern art and non-duality 




philosopher paul brunton says,

we have seen how the simple statement, “i see a tree before me,” will, if properly analyzed lead its utterer all the long way from materialism to mentalism. the whole wonder of world creation lies in this simple operation.
the wisdom of the overself

(mentalism is paul brunton’s term for non-duality.)
what does it mean to say, “i see,” to experience seeing? this was the central focus of modern art and the subject we will take up by looking at the artwork and writings of cezanne, matisse, klee and others. these modern artists took up this inquiry in the act of creating their artwork and by seeking the single source of artistic creation and nature.
we will look at artwork and supplement this with writings by philosopher paul brunton and the artists themselves.
vincent joseph will make a presentation with group participation welcomed. 
class will be three meetings on zoom per below. if you would like to attend please email me for a zoom link, which will be available a few days before the first class. class is free.  

sunday february 23 at 7
sunday march 9 at 7
sunday march 23 at 7 

this talk is sponsored by wisdom’s goldenrod.









acrylic painting for beginners: 2-class workshop 



katrina morse will be teaching acrylic painting for beginners: 2-class workshop, sunday, february 23, 1:30–3:00 and sunday, march 2, 1:30–3:00  at the first presbyterian church in ithaca. register at blue door studio.











recent blog posts 











members showing elsewhere 








linda fazzary 




 agios ioannis by linda fazzary





linda will be have artwork at the tompkins community bank in trumansburg, february 1 through april 30.








cayuga nature photographers 




 bouquet on black by nancy ridenour





nancy ridenour and susan larkin will have some of their photography at a show organized at kendal at ithaca by the cayuga nature photographers. the show will run february 2 through april 30 and can be found in the art hallway. there will be a presentation in the auditorium on march 4 at 4:00 presented by the photographers. all are welcome.








katrina morse 




 ripples #1 by katrina morse





katrina has work at sunny days of ithaca during january, february, and march 2025. open 11 to 7 daily, closed tuesdays. this group of acrylic paintings entitled ripples into space, depicts the wonders of outer space and how our lives on earth intersect with that great mystery.








behrmann & morse 




 magic in the gorge by barbara behrmann





barbara behrmann and katrina morse will have a selection of paintings and mixed-media collages on display at a new gallery adjacent to the goldenrod depot in danby. the exhibit begins on thursday, november 21 and will continue through march 2025. the gallery is open thursdays and fridays 12:00–6:00, saturdays 11:00–6:00, and sundays 11:00–4:00. an opening reception will take place on sunday, december 8, 11:00–5:00.




















admission to the gallery is free and open to the public. 







									120 w. state st./martin luther king jr st.
ithaca, new york
(607) 277–1626 



									thursday through sunday noon–5pm. 



									curbside parking and ada access.								






sign up for our newsletter










facebook-f
 



instagram
 






made possible in part with funds from the statewide community regrants program from the new york state council on the arts, with the support of the office of the governor and nys legislature, and from tompkins county; administered by the community arts partnership of tompkins county.. 



 


















keep in touch 



















subscribe to our monthly newsletter. 











								first name							




								last name							




								email							





subscribe























				want to become a member?			


how to apply

































