


nyc party bus. nyc limo bus. nj party bus. party bus service in new york and new jersey. 



























ny - nj party bus  contact


nyc party bus rentals - 
				party with us!



ny party bus



home
fleet
videos
about
gallery
 book
contacts

































ny party bus 
									get to the hottest clubs in new york and new 
									jersey in style. stay together, be safe.
                                







nj party bus 
									bachelor party, weddings, proms, birthday 
									party - we got the party buses for any 
									occasions.








ct party bus, nyc 
									party bus - our own party 
									buses. corporate accounts, concerts, games 
									and casino trips - we have great rates!
                                








						new york party bus and limo bus services is our 
						specialty. call us today and find out about our current 
						specials and affordable party bus packages for any 
						occasion. you can book our party buses in ny and 
						nj on hourly basis, for long distance trips or point to 
						point.
						you will be pleased with our affordable rates and 
						quality of our party buses and customer service.                    
                    
						we are licensed in dot approved in ny, nj.

646-801-6052203-200-0287

welcome to fantacy limo of nyc. we own our fleet and and provide actual 
						images of our party buses and interiors. if you have not booked with us before, call us today and 
						give us a try. we are sure you will be very happy with 
						us!  

















nyc party bus. nyc limo bus. nj party bus. party bus service 
in new york and new jersey. new york party bus rates. 
brooklyn limo bus. bronx party bus. atlantic city limo bus. newark limo bus. new 
york limo bus. manhattan limo bus. 
pennsylvania party bus. philadelphia limo bus. westchester limo bus. ny hummer 
limo. nj wedding limos, ny airport transportation, 
ny limo bus, nyc party bus. nj party bus, connecticut limo bus, long island 
party bus. ct party bus. nyc limo bus rates. 
suffolk county limo. prom party bus in new york. queens party bus rentals. 
staten island party bus rentals. 
				web designprofessional photography in new york, nj, pa

