










home - chatsworth-porter ranch chamber of commerce









































































home
about

about the chamber
our history
board of directors


membership

membership application
membership benefits
membership referrals


directory
events

events calendar
monthly events
annual events
past events


news
contact us

contact the chamber
community hotline


member login












 











we are at the forefront of business advocacy for the betterment of our community.

business directory












we are here to serve your business!

a leader in ensuring chatsworth/porter ranch business community will reach its full potential as a healthy business environment by working to increase prosperity by encouraging the economic health of existing businesses and fostering new ones.

learn more










relationship networking & event coordination
we facilitate the development and strengthening of business owner relationships through our numerous networking events both in-person and virtual. we help to foster a community of collaboration and connection across multiple industries.  partner with us to host & market your next big event!








workshops & seminars



hosted and lead by our business leaders, our seminars and workshops provide our members with the hottest marketing tips, news and updates on changes in the business environment, best practices and back to basics business education to make your business a success.











advertising opportunities



take advantage of the numerous opportunities for promotion of your business or event via the chamber website, e-publications, events and more. let’s make you the star of show











government affairs



we are here to advocate and promote pro-business initiatives relative to your business at both a local and municipal level and regional levels, as well as keep you informed of any upcoming proposals. we are your connection to where decisions start and are made.




























































upcoming events






view more







chatsworth-porter ranch chamber of commerce

benefits








monthly networking events
establish new business contacts and build your business.






}

ribbon cutting ceremonies
host a ribbon cutting ceremony to introduce your business to the community








new membership plaques
every new member is presented a personalized plaque and introducing them to the chamber. 










annual events
expand your visibility in the community and get involved with our annual events.








business law & education events
learn about changes in the law attending one of our free education seminars








promote and market your business
if you are looking to host an event, we are here to be your marketing partner to help make you a success! call for more details.







learn more







chatsworth chamber community 

latest updates
























































blockfest recap 2023
























































ribbon cutting and grand opening for exer urgent care





























receiving red cross membership plaque



































































ice breaker



















































































blockfest recap 2022























































































































2002 installation gala









welcome to our new members






bone clones
chatsworth grocery outlet
new york life
penny and peggy narin 24 hour child care, inc.





one stone global mobile app
proactive work health services
san fernando valley rescue mission
transamerica insurance





u.s. bank
valley urgent care
volunteer cleaning communities
we can be heroes comics
vilanueva mexican grill









become a member

proudly serving our community since 1914.

to support our members through leadership and advocacy as we engage in activities that enhance and strengthen an environment that fosters business growth and the well-being of our community.

join with us






























































fresh news










blockfest a blockbuster success
apr 26, 2023 | latest newsover 10,000 people attended this year's 2nd annual chatsworth blockfest, hosted by the chatsworth / porter ranch chamber of commerce, and held on devonshire st. last saturday, april 15th. more than 115 vendors sold a variety of goods, including arts and crafts,...




state & port officials address manufacturers at monday’s roundtable
nov 17, 2022 | latest newson monday, the chamber hosted its sixth manufacturing roundtable at kdc/one in chatsworth, continuing the dialogue between local businesses and policy leaders, to recognize and build consensus on the challenges facing all manufacturers, and discuss best-practices for...




5 ways to level up your small business marketing (and yes, it’s time)
aug 1, 2022 | latest newsif you’re interested in ways to reach more people, and you’re ready to start maximizing technology, it’s time to look at these business solutions: list building you need an email list. it’s the best way to stay in touch with your customers, nurture them into a sale,...













newsletter

join our mailing lists

get the latest news straight to your inbox!





name


first



last

email

business namephonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ





 











proudly serving and supporting our community since 1914.

followfollowfollowfollow



navigation

about
membership
directory
events
news
contact



cprcc

our history
board of directors
membership application
membership benefits
membership referral
community hotline



legal

privacy policy
terms and conditions
refund policy
accessibility statement

(818) 341-2428

info@chatsworthchamber.com





© 2022 chatsworth porter ranch chamber of commerce | powered by top results consulting

refund policy | privacy policy | accessibility statement | terms and conditions | staff login



 





































