































sustainable shopping tips | green america
















      skip to main content
    







triple the power of your gift. donate today!
















topmost menu


for green businesses


green american magazine






                                  
                                growing the green economy for people and planet
              



















about usvictoriesblogtake action







donate




donatejoinrenewother ways to give donate














climatefoodfinancelaborsocial justicegreen livingfor green businesses green american magazine

















 
sustainable shopping tips





sustainable shopping tips

 









sustainable shopping tips

































supporting the green economy is more than being informed—it’s about following through and “voting with your dollar” as we call it. where you shop and what you buy when you do sends a message to business owners. and it helps sustainable businesses stay afloat in a deal-driven market. here are our favorite sustainable shopping tips.


















 



safe, sustainable seafood
as media attention causes more and more consumers to become aware of the troublesome levels of toxins in certain kinds of fish, the seafood industry is starting to feel the effects.when the food and drug administration (fda) and environmental protection agency (epa) issued an advisory in march 2004… by green america  





 



tips for yard sale success
market your yard sale, grab friends and family, and more!  by greenamerica  





 



4 ways to support local farmers and workers at the grocery store
farmers markets aren't the only way to support local farms—you can make the most of your grocery store, too.by anya crittenton  





 



how to buy in bulk
hoping to save money while reducing packaging waste? buy in bulk!by kendall lowery  





 



how to tell if your mattress contains toxic materials
learn about the dangers of fiberglass mattresses and make sure your mattress is safe and nontoxic. 





 



the pros and cons of online thrifting
it’s easy to find deals online, but is online thrifting greener than the brick-and-mortar option?by kendall lowery  





 



choose green, not that: natural skincare for summer
when you’re out in the  garden or park this  summer, skip the toxic chemicals—choose  natural skincare  options instead. by sytonia reid  





 



5 steps to a more eco-friendly lawn
avoid climate hazards in your backyard with these eco-friendly lawn swaps.by sytonia reid and beth porter  





 



follow the worker-leaders
 following workers’ leads may sound like a passive task, but it’s the opposite. listening to workers requires community members to actively listen and respond. by charlotte tate  





 



6 reasons to support black-owned businesses
small businesses across the us were hit hard by the coronavirus, but black-owned businesses felt it the most. we can use our collective power to show corporations what our values are. by sytonia reid and mary meade  





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


next page
next ›




last page
last »











































victory





 




uncrustables go non-gmo
smuckers removes gmos and high fructose corn syrup from uncrustables, its very popular peanut butter and jelly product for kids.

green america's gmo inside campaign has mobilized tens of thousands of consumers to ask smuckers to remove gmos from its products.
















green living


 


beyond lead: toxins in toys




























take action







 


grocery stores must take action to stop climate change
safeway and other major grocery chains have a huge climate problem. refrigerators in the companies’ stores using potent super-pollutant gasses, hydrofluorocarbons (hfcs), are leaking and accelerating the climate crisis.

take action now





 


us megabanks must stop bankrolling fossil fuels
tell these megabanks to finance clean energy for people and planet, not fossil fuels that cause climate chaos.

take action now





 


vanguard’s new ceo has to lead on climate change
vanguard is lagging on climate: it’s the top fossil fuel investor and is failing to hold companies accountable on their climate and sustainability impacts.

take action now









view all actions
















related news






 



sustainable gifts for everyone on your list

the holidays are upon us and with them the flurry to find the perfect gift for loved ones. this year, consider giving to not just people, but the planet, too, by shopping our guide of sustainable gifts. from pets to the ones who say they don’t need…





 



eco-friendly gift wrap ideas for valentine's day

guest post from casper ohm of water-pollution.org.uk, an outlet intended to raise awareness of the alarming levels of water pollution in our planet’s oceans. 
 
with 1 million extra tons of trash per week being thrown away by americans around…





 



this thanksgiving, bring a sustainable side to dish about

though nobody likes having tough conversations around the thanksgiving table, we at green america think that having family and friends over is a great time to talk about sustainable thanksgiving food. these dishes can spark conversations about…
















green living


beyond lead: toxins in toys
investing in green energy 
10 ways to build community














 




 


economic activism is what makes our work powerful. you make our work possible!
donate to our matching gift challenge!


$50 $150 $250 $500 other


give
















©2024 green america










take actionvictoriesnews & mediablogwebinarsget updatesorder our magazinejobs & internshipsmembership faqsabout ussupport usprivacy policycontact usother ways to give




center for sustainability solutionsgreen business networkgreen pages




©2024 green america





1612 k street nw, suite 1000, washington dc 20006
phone: (800) 584-7336    tax id/ein: 52-1660746



green america's website is sponsored by green america members and 
 




terms and conditionssite credits







connect with us


















































