




renaissance watch repair - expert repair for your vintage or antique pocket watch


















































home
our services

repair services 
how to get an estimate 
our guarantee
pay for a repair 
brands we service 
brands we do not service 
we buy watches


faqs

watch repair 
watch operation
watch value 
 buying & selling 


how to
watch information

us company histories

introduction
watch companies
american waltham
ball
boston
burlington
columbus
dudley
elgin
fredonia
l. goddard
gruen
hamilton
hampden
e. howard
howard (keystone)
ingersoll
illinois
keystone standard
knickerbocker
new york standard
pitkin
rockford
sears-roebuck
seth thomas
south bend
trenton
us watch – marion
us watch – waltham
waltham
waltham photos
westclox


us case companies
dollar watches
us watch production
swiss company histories

bulova
longines
omega
patek philippe
rolex
vacheron constantin
swiss elgin


historical watches

earhart watch
lincoln watch
mark twain watch


the railroad watch 
railroad-marked watches 
swiss-fakes
watch glossary 
watch books 
horology links 


about us

contact us 
customer comments


for sale

watch accessories 
suc crystals




 


sponsored advertisements








professional  repair and restoration for your vintage or antique pocket watch
					  expert mechanical watch repair services
					

at renaissance watch repair, we are  dedicated to the repair and restoration of vintage and antique pocketwatches. we specialize in the repair of american  pocket watches, but we take great pride in bringing any high-quality vintage mechanical (wind-up) watch back to life!

we repair  many watch brands, including: elgin, waltham, hamilton, illinois, ball, bulova, howard, keystone, hampden and south bend. view a more complete list of the brands we repair. 
with each antique watch we repair, the goal of our expert watchmakers remains the same: to return your vintage watch to its best possible condition. we want your watch to look and work like new, and we fully guarantee our work.
we are located in bellevue, washington (near seattle) but we're as close as your mailbox! we conduct  business  through the internet and u.s. mail, and we have a long list of satisfied customers throughout the united states.
we are members in good standing of the washington watchmakers-clockmakers association and the national association of watch and clock collectors (nawcc). our  company-founder and head watchmaker  has been an elected officer of the washington watchmakers association,was a founding board member of the norwest school of horology, and has served as a nationally-elected director of the american watchmakers-clockmakers institute.
we hope you'll let our expert watchmakers return your vintage or antique pocketwatch to its best possible condition. we'll help you create a family heirloom that will be treasured for generations!

click here: how to submit your watch for a repair estimate

the answers to many common vintage watch  questions may be found on our frequently asked questions pages, and we encourage you to  look there first. if you are trying to find the age of your antique watch, or are searching for historical information about a particular watch company, please visit the company histories and how to sections of our web site.  our  web site also offers a wealth of information about vintage pocket watches and the companies that made them. we invite you to explore and learn, and contact us if you have a vintage pocket watch or wristwatch in need of  our expert repair or restoration services.                

customer comments: read what our customers say about renaissance watch repair



need help identifying your watch?
find answers to your questions about vintage and antique pocket watches

we can't turn you into an instant antique watch expert, but we can share a little of our knowledge with you in order to help you learn more about your vintage or antique watch. we've provided answers to some of the more common questions you may have about your vintage watch in order to help you learn more about this fascinating area of american history.


we buy antique pocket watches!
we buy watch tools & watch parts!
we buy marine chronometers & atmos clocks!

we are always buying better-quality vintage and antique pocket watches. whether you have a single watch or an entire collection to sell, we'll do our best to give you an honest  assessment of your watch's condition and value, and we will pay best price for quality  timepieces. you can be assured that your sale will be handled quickly, confidentially, and professionally. if you would like to discuss a potential sale, please call or email. we promise prompt, knowledgeable service and immediate payment for your antique watch.
we purchase most american railroad-grade pocket watches and high-grade vintage wristwatches. we buy  hamilton, howard, hampden, illinois, ball, waltham, elgin, south bend, columbus, and most other american watch brands. we are also interested in watches from omega, patek, rolex, lange, vacheron and  other top swiss brands. we're always looking for vintage watches with unusual dials, chronographs, repeaters, moon-phase or up/down indicators. we pay top dollar for all marine chronometers and deck-watches. we will pay best prices for your vintage watches!  click  to learn more.



contact us at any time to discuss your vintage watch repair needs, or the sale of your antique watch.
before sending your watch for repair, please read these instructions:
how to submit your watch for a repair estimate 
e-mail:
info@pocketwatchrepair.com
our mailing address has recently changed!
 new mailing address:

renaissance watch repair
400 nw gilman blvd #541
bellevue, wa 98006

please note: the address shown above is our mailing address only. 
for more information please refer to our frequently asked questions pages or the how to section  of this site.

business hours:
monday - friday 9am - 4pm pacific time                        

we respectfully request that you do not call or email to ask about the value of your vintage watch.
we are unable to provide watch appraisals, values or historical information by phone or email.








sponsored advertisements











 back to top

 


home
repair services
how to get an estimate
company histories
pocketwatch 101™
contact us
privacy policy


site copyright: d. stuart, renaissance watch repair © 2002 - 2018. 
pocketwatchrepair.com, pocketwatch 101™, elginwatchrepair.com, hamiltonwatchrepair.com, 
illinoiswatchrepair.com, walthamwatchrepair.com are registered trademarks.
web design: image renaissance digital media.











