



guns bought and sold, all types of firearms | village gun store

































the village gun store




 home



 shop



 selection



 about



 contact










thevillage gun store

whitefield new hampshire



guns bought and sold




visit the village gun store 







since 1974 the village gun store has been providing great firearms, with great service, at great prices.  vgs has a loyal customer base that spans near and far throughout the us.  josh, the current owner, a disabled combat veteran that served with a recon unit with the famous 10th mountain division, has been running the shop since 2015. due to our amazing customer base and reputation, vgs was actually named new hampshire's veteran owned small business of the year in 2019 by the sba!  josh is a nh native who grew up around the lakes region on a farm and also traveled throughout the northeast setting up at various gun shows with his parents since his father was a licensed gun dealer.  vgs continues to be a "well rounded store", specializing in all sorts of firearms for any type of collection, competition, hunting and defense. josh is a lover of military history and is also a collector.  it is fitting that he likes to specialize in selling and dealing with military firearms, antiques and equipment.  you can always come by and learn some sort of history when you drop by the store.  he loves to teach it!!!  we get all sorts of compliments from our customers that enjoy seeing all of the history on display and for sale in the shop!  make sure to ask about our local rogers rangers lore! 
we also have our famous annual anniversary sale, which is held on the last thursday, friday, and saturday in june, we take an additional 10% off at the register! 
we take trade-ins, and therefore always have a good selection of second hand firearms in stock.  whe do at times have reloading supplies on hand for you do-it-yourselfers.
we also offer gun cleaning services!  drop off your dirty firearms and have them professionally cleaned! 
we can do gun sales over the phone, and though we can't ship guns directly to an individual, we can ship firearms to your local dealer. contact us for details.
        



shop our online store
we are proud to introduce our new online store offered through gearfire. you can get to the store by clicking the "shop" link in the main menu, or the yellow and blue shop online buttons.
        

































‹
›



 the village gun store
          
      4 king's square
                whitefield, nh 03598
          

 phone: 603.837.2345
          
 fax: 603.837.3124
          
 email
          
thevillagegunstore@gmail.com


 hours


open tuesday, wednesday and thursday:
           10:00 am to 5:00 pm
           friday: 10:00 am to 6:00 pm
           saturday: 9:00 am to 6:00 pm
          

closed sunday and monday.
        
 go to map




village gun store













 ©  2010 the village gun store.   
            






















