condo hotels & condos, detailed property data so you can comparison shop  
 
      (954) 450-1929    info@condohotelcenter.com   toggle navigation       home properties types of properties  condo hotels featured properties overview faqs   condominiums featured properties overview faqs   fractionals featured properties overview faqs   investments featured properties property alerts  archives by datearchives by locationsubscribe for free resources get financingarticlesbuyer's agentdeveloper servicesdeveloper articlesask the expert  about  company profilehistory testimonials contact us get the facts on new condos, condo hotels & fractionals.we offer detailed property descriptions, prices, photos and insider information. what type of property are you looking for?different properties meet different needs.  we can help you find one that has the features you want and is within your budget. condo hotelsluxury vacation homes with a rental program to generate revenue.see featured properties condominiumsmagnificent condos in miami, ft. lauderdale and more in florida.see featured properties fractionalsshared ownership of a resort condo; get 4-12 weeksof use per year.see featured properties investment propertiesunique real estate opportunities with potential for revenue and appreciation.see featured propertieswhat makes condo hotel center different? buyers pay no feescondo hotel center charges no fees to buyers. our commissions are paid only by sellers. prices are exactly the same. but we offer objective information and unbiased advice to help you comparison shop.save time & moneyour knowledge of condo hotel and condo inventory currently on the market will help you zero in on the best property for your needs. make an informed decision and get a property you love that also has great potential to appreciate. about uscondo hotel center is a licensed real estate broker in miami, florida. established in 1970 as a family-owned business, joel greene and his team have a long history of providing outstanding service and expert counseling to property buyers.because we specialize in selling only condo hotels, condos and fractionals, our knowledge of these properties runs deep. with condo hotel center you get no hard sell, no fees, no hassles – just quality information you can use to make an informed buying decision.read our story what people are sayingi’ve recently discovered your website and find the information to be well presented and useful. in fact, it is one of the best-organized condo hotel information sources i’ve seen on the web.carmalia, maple grove, minnesotadear joel,i appreciate all of the work that you have done for me and the information provided. it’s been a pleasure. thank you!nofa, abu dhabi learn about new properties before the general publicas a service to our clients, we provide free property alerts via e-mail. we often learn about condo hotel and condo buying opportunities in advance, when prices are low and a full selection of inventory is available. get the scoop on new properties.learn more about this free servicemenu home our story testimonials privacy policy links site map terms & conditions contact usproperties condo hotels condominiums fractionals property alertscontact details condo hotel center  1368 n.w. 165th ave. pembroke pines, fl 33028 info@condohotelcenter.com (954) 450-1929       © 2025 condo hotel center: global real estate company, llc | licensed real estate broker back to top      
