
















home




























          


       home



  the people



  development services



  development resume



  contact








    get in touch
 208.345.1842mymail@mailservice.com





       






 



       


 
    home



  the people



  development services



  development resume



  contact






   

call us!








        providing the foundation to transform real estate concepts into successful community assets.

     

contact us today!


   

see our projects


 






    white-leasure development company provides a sophisticated network of result-oriented commercial real estate services managed by an experienced and committed professional team of associates. 




   

 headquartered in boise, idaho,
white-leasure development represent projects throughout the west as well as clients throughout the united states.
our dedicated highly-qualified team of specialists provide diversified expertise in the development of commercial real estate, from land acquisition and pre-development services to construction consulting, marketing and management. uniting
experience, integrity, innovative ideas and performance in the complex
world of commercial real estate,
white-leasure development company is nationally recognized as an industry leader.



    our history


   the company, originally formed in 1972 and co-founded by larry leasure, is principled today by larry leasure and jim white and has become one of the more experienced and successful development companies in the western united states. developing retail shopping centers throughout the intermountain west and commercial/office/ industrial developments in idaho.the company's projects now span the entire pacific northwest and the eight western states. the company specializes in development of retail shopping centers, hotels and hotel/event center/convention center projects, as well as downtown mixed-use (retail, entertainment, office and residential) redevelopment projects involving both public and private sectors of the community.

   

our people







    we serve

﻿the great
northwest


     

  washington
  

see projects




  

  idaho
  

see projects




  

  arizona
  

see projects




  

  colorado
  

button




  

  oregon
  

button




  

  nevada
  

button






  

  utah
  

button












           


 8385 w. emerald streetboise, idaho 83704

  


 office: 208.345.1842 

fax: 208.343.3143    



  message us!
    name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.







        © 2025 
all rights reserved 
| white-leasure development company



 
 





















































































































  
  share by:










