


the alchemycal pages


the alchemycal pages

" when the sound and wholesome nature of man
acts as an entirety, when he feels himself in the world as in
a grand, beautiful, worthy and worthwhile whole, when this harmonious
comfort affords him a pure, untrammelled delight: then the universe,
if it could be sensible of itself, would shout for joy at having
attained its goal and wonder at the pinnacle of its own essence...
for what end is served by the expenditure of suns
and planets and moons, of stars and milky ways, of comets and
nebula, of worlds evolving and passing away, if at last a happy
man does not involuntarily rejoice in his own existence?"
johann wolfgang von goethe. (1749-1832 ad)

welcome to
the alchemycal pages
a macrobiotic-anthroposophical web site
by kaare bursell,
since june 6, 1996.




this photograph was taken at the spring 2002 pmc,
phoenix, by rodney thomas.
age 54, after 27 years of macrobiotic and 20 years
of anthroposophic living!
december 22, 2004.
 over 2 million visitors from over 100 countries.


kaare bursell december 22, 2004.
 a note to say additions to the website will be fewsince fundamentally all the information is presented which
will allow anyone to start a macrobiotic life on a sound basis. also i am busy researching the answer to the question
"what is money" and the fruits of my labors will appear in audio lectures or u-tube videos as they are uploaded.
i was a regular contributor to the "alternatives"column of the publication: hepatitis magazine.
this was a nationally distributed quarterly out of houston, texas. the seventh and last column appeard in the 
winter 2004 issue.
i suggest looking at this page as a personal view of changing your lifestyle. some observations on the benefits
of macrobiotic living.
comments in the alchemycal emporium 
"about why you owe it to yourself to buy my books."
the end of medicine: how i learned to quit worrying and love my disease

laughing with doomsday: work on what has been spoiled
go to the alchemycal emporium link above for more information about 
either book, or to the xlibris bookstore.

if you have mind to, please write a review at xlibris or on any other bookstore site.
also, if you find the information contained herein is valuable to you, consider supporting the website 
by making any of your purchases from xlibris.

thank you,
kaare
 kaare passed from this earth on february 9, 2019. he had 
been increasingly withdrawing from the physical world, focusing all his
attendtion on spiritual aspects of life and life after death.
he missed experiencing the gobal reaction to the covid pandemic. while he 
could have been of great help in life, we have to think that he is 
doing a greater service on the spiritual plain where he can have a  
more far-reaching benefit.
he was reworking a book he had began 35 years ago laughing with doomsday. 
it was published in november 2021 and is widely available online or ordered from 
local bookstores. informaion for it can be found on on this site, the emporium page, 
or from xlibris publishing. 
as you can observe, this is an old website using outdated programs.   
kaare, himself, forgot how to log on as an editor and it's been a struggle 
to regain access for updates. his first wish was to publish his latest book, 
laughing with doomsday, which took up my efforts until it was published at 
the end of 2021. he also wanted to keep this website running for use by 
any interested. he wanted his work to continue to be in the world.

it is important to know these pages contain a tremendous amount of valuable and unique information
on many topics.


the intention is to update the format and remove the dead end links. eventually i want to make his 
audio and video lectures and cooking class videos avaiable here and add any missing on his u-tube channel.
he co-wrote a magazine, news from the river, for several yeaars which i want to upload here. this requires a knowledge about
website creation and editing which is a daunting exercise.
please excuse some of the errors that have already been introduced due to that lack of technical
understanding. they will be corrected and the site made more presentable over time. 
few changes will be made to the content since he was satisfied with it. bear in mind that some data is from times past
but still provide information that can lead the interested reader to search for the latest data.
comments or questions can be sent by selecting the link below. i check this address every week.  
thank you. patricia

kaare@mac.com

patricia bursell

table of contents


1. general iformation:



introduction:  the purpose of the website




intro, page 2:  the process and stages of disease




what is macrobiotics?




personal information




alchemycal emporium




disclaimer




2. the "alchemycal" world view:


the human being in the world




the spiritual human being




 modern medicine and aging




the threefold social organism




modern scientific medicine:  a
      tragic error




signs of the times




3. macrobiotic & spritual theory:



yin and yang.




facial diagnosis




general dietary recommendations




the order of the universe: chapter 1: living with the universe




the order of the universe: chapter 2: earth evolution




the order of the universe: chapter 3: lucifer




the order of the universe: chapter 4: ahriman




disease, healing & illness




on healing: the process of healing




on healing: part two: the intellectual stage 


on healing: discharges


on healing: the fallacy of "healing foods"




healing with the seasons the five transformation theory


healing with the seasons water




healing with the seasons: wood




healing with the seasons: fire




healing with the seasons: soil




healing with the seasons: metal




healing with the day



4. practicing macrobiotics:


the ginger compress




 a spritual considerations of food




 understanding protein, vitamin supplements, and blue green aglae




leafy greens




sea salt




living in the tropics




in the kitchen




on pressure cooking



5. unique information from seasonal conference discussion minutes:



pacific macrobiotic conference archives




comments or questions can be sent by selecting the link below. i check 
this address every week. thank you. patricia

kaare@mac.com

the alchemycal pages copyright © kaare bursell, 1996-2034.



