

home




























 
 
 
 
 


 

"you have to buy expensive mac hardware if you want high quality multimedia presentations."



not any more.


livemix



isaacsoft livemix for windows


livemix produces sophisticated, professional multimedia presentations.  if all you need is a basic presentation with still pictures and text, then powerpoint will do.  but if you need text over full-motion video clips or loops, you need the power of livemix!
livemix is ideal for churches, schools, or businesses, any place where the quality of a seamless presentation matters.



key livemix features:

new! opens propresenter and mediashout files!
slide backgrounds can be video clips or loops, still photos, or solid colors
transitions are precisely executed and timed
built-in, easy-to-use slide editor
instant response to operator commands
dozens of transitions are available
text can be displayed in any color, with outlines and shadows for better visibility
slide editing is hidden from the audience, even when the presentation is live
slide groups are automatically stored in a library for future re-use

check out a more complete list of features that set livemix apart from other presentation software.  or you can try it free today!
purchasing livemix:
livemix is available for only $79 per
                site license.
you can download and install a fully functional copy of livemix today, without any cost or obligation!  you can immediately create, save, and play back your scripts.  until you purchase one of the above licenses, a watermark will be displayed on the presentation screen.
when you purchase livemix, you will receive a license file by e-mail, 
                usually within 24 hours. licensed users enjoy the following benefits:

free technical support via e-mail
free minor updates and bug fixes
discounted major upgrades

questions?
if you have questions or comments, please send e-mail to livemix@isaacsoft.com. response time is usually less than 24 hours.
copyright © 2012 by tony isaac



site map - home


