

my wide blue seas





















my wide blue seas
its all about the journey









name~ hokule'a kealoha

short bio~hokule'a kealoha is the nom de plume of a writer that formerly lived in hawaii and is now living a life of adventure on the highways and byways of the american south . i am a born again follower of jesus, as well as a wife, mother of cats and dogs,jeweler, entreprenuer, photographer and pilgrim...

age~ old enough to know better

status~ newly single after 13 years of marriage,fur mom to the loving and devoted mini shihtzu doggie annabelle, born 6-11-2007 rip 2-25-09, and the beautiful abigail born 2-14-09 

hair color~ natural brown/grey

mood~ i always have a mood, try me...

loving~ jesus, hawaii, my furry friend, abigail, my pen pals, jewelry ,blogging ,writing anything,my ipod,and being outdoors surrounded by my wonderful natural surroundings

hating~ boom box cars, earspray, abuse of power, 

reading~ 

bible
magnificat
link
link
underwired! louisville's magazine for women
in store~the magazine for the american jeweler

books in progress...
catechism of the catholic church
"link"
"link"

just finished reading 

"link"
link
link
link


jesus, divine mercy ~

i trust in you~


my favorite past posts~relive the journey!~

2009~
link
link
link
link
link
link
link
link
2008~
be thankful
colateral damage
make lemonade
home is where the heart is
the poor with us
because its the hardest thing i can do
we have all become victims
lest i forget
the most important words
family values
familiar places
may perpetual light shine on them
a city in motion
2007~
the quiet storm
fellowship of the cane
like dead unremembered: a 9-11 tribute
the medicine machine
one giant leap
in the steps of st. francis
too much information
the un choice
2006~
the holly and the ivy
the first 9-11, dec 7,1941
small moments of silence
peaches to winnipeg
dreaming of hawaii
memorial day
scattered values
the white line is the lifeline for the nation
warnings of a new civil war
i will be true to the promise i have made
the snowy bloody day
cats in the cradle
2005~
the journey
rebirth of a city
for posterity's sake
the new civil war
every mother's son
and there you stayed, temporarily lost at sea
the lone rider
the bible is not the fourth member of the trinity
rome wasn't built with union labor
happy birthday mom ~revised~
a beautiful noise
even now
the wearing of the red
night ranger
the joyful traveler
hoiliili "to gather up"
ke makakilo (my observations)
he giveth sleep
save the children
2004~
lux aeterna
december 2004 
you're joking, right?
ground zero
i am not a failure
o,to grace, how great a debtor
lost in translation
one small step for man
the rainbow's end
profanity
taps
the journey
makoa's song
no aloha for the weakest
the paradoxical comandments
the time is now
2003~
when no fruit is on the vine





st. edith stein~pray for us
 religion link list~

my secret is mine
ignatius insight-online magazine
fr john corapi solt
dr. scott hahn st paul center
fr. mitch pacwa~ ignatius productions
link
link
link
link
link

political link list~

link
link
link
link


arkansas link list~

little portion hermitage
john michael talbot website
john michael talbot myspace page
1st united methodist church bella vista
northwest arkansas guide
mimi's cafe
metro woman business directory of nw arkansas
river grille
link
link
link


interactive links~


live webcam feed from the mauna lani resort, kohalla, big island of hawaii

click here for aloha joe!live hawaiian music 24/7



st. damien of molokai'i, patron of hawaii and the outcasts among us, pray for us.... 




hawaii links~ ~
for more hawaii links click here
volcano updates (pele's mood meter)hawaii volcano observatory
hawaii volcanoes national park
volcano watch archives
mauna kea observatory
pacific tsunami museum
link
link
link
link

technorotica for blogging~







join the blue ribbon online
 free speech campaign!












who links here...click here to see who's linking to this site.  powered by wholinkstome.com

globe of blogs~blog search engine

the blog search engine

stock xchng

photobucket

blogskins

link

wikipedia

nuzio's place on the web

commutefaster.com

ping me!

mwbs wordpress edition

link

technorotica for jewelers, and the jewelry trade~


gemological institute of america 

the drouhard national jewelers school

the conner school

link
link









		
		 november 28, 2010
		
		

psalm 138 ~ give thanks to the lord
of david.i give you thanks, o lord, with my whole heart;before the gods i sing your praise; psa 138:2   i bow down toward your holy templeand give thanks to your name for your steadfast love and your faithfulness,for you have exalted above all thingsyour name and your word.[fn1] psa 138:3   on the day i called, you answered me;my strength of soul you increased.[fn2] psa 138:4   all the kings of the earth shall give you thanks, o lord,for they have heard the words of your mouth, psa 138:5   and they shall sing of the ways of the lord,for great is the glory of the lord. psa 138:6   for though the lord is high, he regards the lowly,but the haughty he knows from afar. psa 138:7   though i walk in the midst of trouble,you preserve my life;you stretch out your hand against the wrath of my enemies,and your right hand delivers me. psa 138:8   the lord will fulfill his purpose for me;your steadfast love, o lord, endures forever.do not forsake the work of your hands.

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 9:28 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 june 04, 2010
		
		

how he loves
 summer pastures near rogers arjune 4th 2010he is jealous for me,he is jealous for me,loves like a hurricane, i am a tree,bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy.when all of a sudden,i am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by glory,and i realize just how beautiful you are,and how great your affections are for me.and oh, how he loves us so,oh how he loves us,how he loves us allwe are his portion and he is our prize,drawn to redemption by the grace in his eyes,if grace is an ocean, we’re all sinking.so heaven meets earth like a sloppy wet kiss,and my heart turns violently inside of my chest,i don’t have time to maintain these regrets, when i think about, the way…he loves usoh how he loves us,how he loves us allsong “how he loves”written by john mark mcmillanas cap/ccli/©2005 john mark mcmillan www. thejohnmark. comi am rather particular about worship songs. i despise schlock that passes as praise music and these top 40 songs that make jesus sound like your girlfriend… when i would hear this song on the radio, as it has hit the charts again with a recover by the dave crowder band i would turn the station as i found it… juvenile. however we have been singing this song a lot at the contemporary service at the methodist church, and the kids seem to love it at the youth mass at catholic church. i also have a friend continually concerned that i just cant seem to process the love of god in my heart who gently ordered me to “sing the song to yourself ten times a day until you can begin to understand the meaning of the message…jesus loves you… and so do i…”so… i have been bombarded by this tune. it seems that god wants to tell me something about himself. something that i have found impossible to understand.i have been stuck for quite a while… wrestling with the ideas of gods love and grace and his will and the calamities the befall us all. i have had more than my share of grief in my life. in this time of relative calm it seems that memories and long buried pains are cropping up like dragons teeth. i would find myself sobbing for no reason and the nightmares at times have been terrible. i would pray and pray and read scripture…finally i had an appointment with my therapist, who challenged me to try to find myself in that ultimate book of human vs calamity…the book of job. i am on an odyssey to find myself in the pages of this book, to allow the words of the scriptures bring up old memories, feelings fears and pain and to write about it. the first few chapters were so agonizing that i wasn’t going to keep on with it. but another friend challenged me to keep trying. that he was struggling through a lot of the same issues and was doing a similar exercise with writing . while it is hard, i have found some beautiful things to think about. so i am going to keep after it.another friend, when i shared with her about my situation, passed into my hands a wonderful book called “why am i afraid to love?” by fr. john powell sj. it its few pages he explains in layman’s terms how the lack of love sharing experiences in early childhood, make it difficult if not impossible for a person to understand and appreciate love expressed to them by another human being but  most importantly from god himself. i see myself over and over again in the examples given and points taken. i realize that the abuse has taken its toll, and that our family system is so broken on a grand scale that any expectation of "normal" whatever that is will not be productive in trying to gain some perspective on the subject, i am also trying to understand the possessive but inclusive nature of the love of god… god wants to posess us exclusively but also inclusively within the context of his body...when a human has “loved” me possessively, it hasn’t been a good thing at all… god loves me possessively i need to think more about this   in spending time meditating on this, i have decided that i really don’t know what love is. i don’t know how to give or receive love, i don’t know if i have ever been truly loved by another person. there have always been conditions, expectations and demands…most of which i was unable to meet. i am so hurt inside that i am afraid to reach out, to believe in and to trust…in anyone or anything  i want to learn how to love aright. im not sure that i can on my own without the help of another person…im not sure if i will ever begin to understand it, on a human level let alone the unconditional love of god.  the book that i have been reading seems to point towards relationship being the answer… i am really ready to find this   i am seeking this growth everyday and want the truth to fill my life and my heartuntil i do find what i am looking for, i will continue to feel like this tree in my photo grounded in the solid earth soaking up the nourishing rain and sun, but battered by the storms of life. it is my prayer to grow to be better able to cope with the storms of life so like this sapling, i can be strong enough to withstand the hurricane of his lovelabels: faith, faith working, family history, personal growth, praise and worship

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 7:49 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 may 31, 2010
		
		

memorial day blessings
 to be free to fly the flag one of our blessings. pear tree cottage bella vista ari am blessed beyond words and sometimes i fear that things cannot go on this way... i feel amazed.the dark moments i sometimes have are the grief that has been pent up for years. i cry and move on the day is brighter and i am happy much of the time. i am so thankful to god for this.i have had contact from my nephew dave and his wife ashleigh, through facebook, that my brother steve has been ill and in a medically induced coma. he has wakened, is lucid and talking. i dont know the hows and whys of this but i am thrilled that they tried to contact me. i have let them know that i am available to communicate at any level that he chooses. i pray that this is soon.i count my blessings daily... my faith and the ability to receive my lord body blood soul and divinity in his church  my continuing involvement with the bvumc and my many friends therefor the contact with my family, for their health and well being and for gods protection and providing for woody in his circumstancesfor my work, my vocation and avocations, for the provision my job has provided so i have peace and bread in my house and the gift of time so i might begin the healing process of a life times worth of pain. and there is much more...but i cannot list it all...you my readers are a blessing to me too. thank you for your love and encouragementlabels: faith, personal growth, prayers

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 11:55 am
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 may 20, 2010
		
		

the prodigal returns
woody in his native place, seal beach ca 2008the prodigal returns a little meditation on the word forgive can throw some rather surprising light on our understanding of the word. we are asked to forgive those who have injured us. unless we have first judged and condemned them for what they did, there would be no reason for us to forgive them. rather we would have to forgive ourselves for judgingscripture says: “judge not that ye be not judged” if we do not judge-no matter how great the injury or how pre meditated- we are at fault. following this train of thought to its logical conclusion, we can see that we can forgive only ourselves. in doing so, we also forgive the person whose action we have resented“thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself” tells me i must first make peace with myself before i can learn to love others. i must remind myself constantly that i can never know any other person’s motives and conditioning. i must for my own sake, accept them as they are a large ingredient of that acceptance is loving tolerance. father, forgive them for they know not what they do…lukeand forgive me for judging and retaliating. help me to forgive myself . i know this is the first step toward spiritual securityfrom one day at a time in alanon april 29th readingi find myself fearful that these good times wont last…i have not had an extended period of peace and happiness in my life in decades there has always been something to come along and mar the beauty of a moment. people think i am overly negative… im just reporting the newsi talk to my therapist about this. i talk to my “moms” these are two ladies near to my mother’s age that i have adopted as my surrogate mothers. one is a retired social worker with a gift for listening and asking penetrating questions that spur me to greater efforts in my recovery and life. she is wonderfully supportive with phone calls notes and little outings. the other lady is a neighbor. she is a witty, worldly wise woman, 5 times married (twice to husband number 3) and is not afraid to say what needs to be said to me. both ladies love abigail, and will walk her when needed. i have used all of their support these past few weeks as i have confronted the past and tried to integrate my new outlook on life with a reality that i knew would finally come to pass.. just when i thought that things were going to settle… i had a phone call from woody a month ago . out of money, out of friends, out of people’s good graces, he was given some money and told to be gone. so much for the childhood friendships of a lifetime…. these were the friends that he wanted to emulate, that i believe deep in his soul he longed to be a true brother, a part of their family…those friends that he put ahead of me so many times...when i think about the past and those people it burns me up… every saturday, it was them, every birthday weekend, “ oh the boys are going for the opening of del mar…” i was never included in their gatherings and many of them never bothered to be introduced. when he was with them he spent money like the big money people they are… i don’t know what to think of them, but i do know that once woody didn’t have money anymore they didn’t want woody. i wonder how that must have felt. these men were a part of his life that he cherished. he wanted to belong to this family to this group all of his life . to have them treat him like that…yet, they all know that he spent his money and hasn’t worked. they know what happened here with me. perhaps there just wasn’t any sympathy left for him. so he comes back here to nw arkansas. it is cheaper here, and people are more accepting i think. i have certainly found it so. but that doesn’t mean its easy here. this is, as one friend put it a, “right to starve “ state. very little in the way of public services, no general relief, and i was never able to qualify for any public assistance. i am not unsympathetic. woodys situation is sad and scary to me. he is nearly 60. his hair is nearly white, pretty though, but he has aged poorly, is unsteady on his feet, and not well. he has high blood pressure and diabetes that is not well controlled… he has no family left, certainly none here and no prospects for a job. he has now gone through his little bit of cash and as soon as he gets kicked out of the little camping cabin hes renting for 100.00 a week, he will be back to living where he was living when he first came back here, in the parking lot of the walmart super center , pleasant grove. he is in good company, there are a dozen families living there, camping in the evenings. i know the staff there at the super center, as that is where i have done my after work, after midnight shopping for several years. a few nights ago i was there and as i parked i saw a old style van pull up from the back of the parking lot and out piled a woman and five small children… they walked in and went straight to the bathroom, to the shaking of heads of the associates… i told them that woody was my former husband, and they remembered him and said they would look out for him if he came back there, and that it was a shame that a vet is homeless after serving our country like he has…i don’t know what to think about this situation… alanon and my program stresses detachement . this is not my problem i didn’t cause it i cant cure it and i cant control it. all things i have had to learn this past year. woody made this happen how many times did i ask him to get work and not to spend his retirement his savings on crap that had no value. i have said what i can and now it is time to leave it. i don’t own any of this, and will not take it on as baggagebut i cant really, because he didn’t look back when he left me last summer, down to my last dime. frightened, alone in many ways, the people around me not sure what to do or how to help me…if they should help me… or do we have to help her just because we are related… thank god and a few brave, trusting, friends that believed in me, that i too didn’t end up sleeping in the walmart parking lot.  one snowy afternoon  i was with abigail in my van and i was watching the snow fall… i had been working about a month and said out loud to my sweet abi how wonderful it was to have a warm bed, and a safe place to sleep and to live. i will never, never, never, forget how close i was to homelessness, and to those who choose to look down on the less fortunate i am here to tell you that most people cant help it that they are in this situation. even woody, who i believe is ill and not mentally capable to manage his affairs, this is not all his fault. yes he could have done differently, but he has yet to discuss this with me, i don’t understand his thinking and perhaps never will. i don’t have to but perhaps there would be closure… i don’t know. woody is not moving in with me. i have an agreement to not take a room mate as my landlord doesn’t want to deal with subletting issues. i don’t blame him. i have been firm about how much contact i want…and even that sometimes is difficult for me. i see him and am reminded of the rejection and the pain i suffered while being married to him. woody will never admit he is to blame for a lot of our issues, hey i have my issues as well, but the truth is i was reacting to him, for that i am sorry but he was doing stuff to make our life abnormal and impossible. for his sake, his not working and going through that money was a horrible mistake, the pain and heartache that caused me, as i worried about it i have often thought that he did it just to watch me suffer, a control issue. i know that i did a lot of things based on his behavior that were hurtful. i’m sorry for that as well.  and so it goes. an impoverished old age is my future which scares the heck out of me, and woody, i don’t know what life will bring him already it is sad, pathetic even. he says things to me when he comes to the house… like my being there and having what i have is a surprise to him and that some how magically i have all of this…my home and my dog and my life… damn it i worked so hard to keep what i have and never gave up, that’s what… hed have a life too if he had fought just a little to keep what we had, if he’d taken the lead in our home and family and done the right thing…now… it was because he didn’t give two cents about me about himself or anything else. he cares now, but that’s because it is pretty awful to go without bathing and living in your stolen car…yes stolen because hes not made a 700.00 a month car payment in many months. i don’t know what will happen when his loan people catch up with him and turn him out of his home… i have a number of friends that think it is ironic that he is living in his car, since it was a car that started the incredible downhill slide that has lead to the events of the last yearit’s a long way from the mauna lani to this place we find ourselves in, i feel at a loss many times… just lost. its bewildering. but i press onmy friends, barbara and diane both tell me that i need to somehow move on from my feelings about this situation, move forward…but its really hard when i am looking at the past… looking him right in the face and cant say what i feel. i look at him and can feel love towards him but i also feel the pain… the word “rejected” burning in my forehead once more… when he came to see me the first time i felt like a plant that had just begun to bloom in the early spring only to have winter come back and freezing the tender leaves, turning them black and ugly…the ugly are the wounds that hatred and rage burned into my inner being, that have only recently started to heal. i found that i couldn’t write, even letters or in my journal, let alone on line, i couldn’t hardly talk to my therapist about it, i have all of these feeling stuffed deep down inside of me. feelings that want to come out, that need to be let out. my therapist gave me a project… to read the book of job, and write about seeing myself in the book and how god dealt with me. that wallowing in the past only made me more depressed. i have given up that track and now am reading and trying to see how god is dealing with me in the present moment and that is going a lot better. it turns on the gratitude meter , and i find more joy in the daily journey. i have the opportunity at intervals to talk to him. i sometimes stop by pleasant grove on my way home from work. as we talk over trivia, i am pretty much frustrated at woody’s lack of understanding and willingness to talk about the issues of the past. i want to let it go but i am confronted by the past every time i see him. there has never been closure or resolution at all… the conflicting feelings of anger and angst, my concern that he will be spending a very long time in a parking lot because i have my doubts about his employability, and my desire to not be involved and the feeling that as a christian i have a responsibility to help, after all one can get divorced, but one can never become unmarried to someone. all of this leaves me baffled and confused. i reach for my conference approved literature and read about detachment and affirmations of self worth… i say diane’s mantra over and over “i am worthwhile…i am worthwhile…” that seems to undo the predations of enduring woody’s destructive behavior.the darkness cycles. i see him, i do his laundry, the laundry of a homeless man with issues that make it a penitential act to do this. i think about how jesus touched lepers, and cared for those people that others rejected. woody is no longer feeling like a well loved child of privilege.  i wonder how he feels. i have always hoped that i underestimate his level of feeling but much of the time it appears that he isn’t the feeler or thinker that i am. i fold the clean clothing and place it in a trash bag, and deliver it to a dark parking lot and ask god to help all of this make sense to me. i believe with all of my heart that he has a plan for each of us. we just need to have the will to pray for the will to carry it outlabels: aa, family history, personal growth, relationships, woody

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 10:22 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 may 10, 2010
		
		

all of the news
 a dogwood cloud bella vista aragain one thousand pardons for the long silence. my life is full full full full and that is a very good thing. i also chose to take a sort of fast on all things computer including facebook and blogging, and realize just how much time i have been investing in these past times… i also haven’t been watching as much tv either preferring to read and crochet in my spare time….but… all is well in 100 acre wood, and i will try to catch you all up on all of the news…first i have posted some back posts on my reception into the catholic church. i feel very different. when i think about the emptiness in my heart i try to remember that god not only resides within me spiritually but now physically in the form of the blessed sacrament. there are still some very hard times…as you will read but there are so many more good times that i just cant begin to count and i am so very grateful to god for this change in my life. i still have dark moments times when i feel like there is this oppressive darkness overshadowing me. i realize that i have to have time to do the grieving of a lifetime. it just takes timejust before easter i had a physical challenge unlike anything i have experienced in my life. as you might remember my teeth are really my great physical weakness. i am always having issues with them and with not having insurance it makes it very difficult to deal with. my dentist has been very kind, often seeing me for no charge or a very reduced fee.  two years ago before i left for louisville i had a bunch of dental work done, one tooth was decayed up into the roots, the dentist cleaned it out and filled it and all seemed well with it, until it started bothering me around christmas time. i went to see the dentist and we didn’t see anything.well the rotten tooth reared its ugly head and roared! i woke up one morning to the worst pain i have ever felt in my life… a screaming twisting pain that came in waves and left me feeling like i was going to have a heart attack. i got to the dentist that day. by the time i got into the dentist to see him i was swollen up from the top of my scalp clear down my left side of my face to my shoulders. my temperature was 103. the x rays showed the decay was back and that the whole tooth was infected, as was my jaw and all of the glands in the region. i was very very ill,… falling down ill for the first day or so. he prescribed antibiotics and vicodin for the pain. he wanted me to stay home in bed, however i dragged myself to work every night, dosed myself on heavy drugs and kept on. the antibiotics did their work and i had the tooth pulled a week later. it couldn’t be done any sooner because disturbing it would have sent infection up into my brain. my brain was already infected and had i had insurance i would have been hospitalized. my head was throbbing constantly and eating was impossible without feeling like i was going to just cave from the pain…finally i called in and arranged to have the surgery done. i had been on antibiotics for 5 days and the dentist thought that it would be ok to go ahead and pull it. he numbed me up but it still felt like my face exploded when he pulled it out. after the initial shock of it all, i was amazed at how much relief i felt once the tooth was pulled out, there was copious bleeding, but that let up in a few hours and the swelling and pain subsided right away. after months of discomfort and at times downright misery the relief was a godsend. its been good to be able to eat hot and cold things again and my diet is improving now. cold fruits and salads no longer kill me, and hopefully my weight will start to drop again. work has been going very well. i still have a lot to learn but the managers are very kind and they praise me for my diligence and attention… the drivers love me and call in sometimes just to talk. i feel for these men and women. they are the backbone of this country and the most forgotten necessary workers we have in our economy. like our soldiers, they are away from home  for long periods of time.   they are lonely sad and tired. many have chosen this life as a last resort. i know two men who came to this occupation from homelessness. the truck provided work and a place to sleep at night. my heart goes out to them, when they say how they need to get home…their wives and children need to see them. i agree, but this is a trucker’s lot. i treat them like the soldiers that they are. i remind them that they chose this life and i try to find out where they are from. and quickly look up the unemployment figures for their town. of ten just the reminder of the horrible job market where they came from is enough to get them to count their blessings and go forward. it certainly is enough for me, this small daily reminder. i count my blessings every day thanking god and my employer for my job. i have finalized a lot of things. i had my court appearance for my bankruptcy and it was approved. the trustee had a few questions about my business and my timeshares in florida that i am giving back to the owners association. all was well and he was satisfied with the presentation.  i still have to take the on line finance course and it will discharge in july. it’s a relief to have this off of my back.with my confirmation i am looking for ways to integrate with my new church. i go to mass on saturday evenings, and on sunday mornings if i work the day before…my saturday shift is once every four weeks and is grueling, so often i don’t even get up to get to mass. its excused as often i am so weary i am wobbling from fatigue. i keep the sabbath and stay home with abigail. monsignor scott is very supportive and is just glad that i seem to be so happy about my decision and i am. he has a project that he wants me to work on and that is to prepare to tell my conversion story to the next rcia class. because they meet at night and i work at night we have thought about doing this by video recording in the talk show news magazine style a la the journey home, a show that runs on ewtn weekly that tells conversion stories with a call in question and answer format. we wont have an audience but i can trust that msgr will have some good questions. i don’t know when i will do this but i thought that i would start working on the scripting as i can i have also injected a creative venue into my life that is very new and a great opportunity. i have wanted to learn to crochet. i have wanted to do this for a long time, but never really just taken the plunge and tried it. so in january i bought some yarn and a book and gave it a whirl. not so hot… well on my way to the lawyers office i saw this place called the crafty cottage. they offer all sorts of crafts, knitting, crocheting, leather and pottery work, sewing and quilting. i called and got set up with a private instructor, a wonderful young mother named tammy, who is patient and sweet and great at showing me the basics and allowing me the chance to make mistakes and learn. its taking me time to learn. i missed a few weeks and found that i had forgotten much of what i had learned. she said “never mind!” and we started up again. its my hope that we will get to a place where i can follow a pattern and make things for the holidays. i started by making a not quite round bright yellow ball for abi which she loves… she also loves the balls of yarn and enjoys watching me crochet and wants to “help”. she really likes to sneek into my bag and fish out the spare balls of practice yarn and run about with them . this studio has all sorts of opportunities for me to try new things and i intend to take advantage as i have time.   speaking of abigail she has had some changes too. she was having lots of issues with her skin and coat, her pretty hair matting into a tease that my big hair girl friends would envy. she looked fat from the knots, and was becoming afraid of me, because when i would pet her i would try to pick at least one knot out. i was brushing, trimming, spraying no tangle stuff on her to no avail. finally i had her shaved…to the skin. just her pretty tail and top knot are left….once she was freed from the mass of hair she was…tiny…maybe even underweight, and she became an even more outgoing, cuddly, loving dog. everyone around me has noticed the change in her. she enjoys her walks more and i think is not so hot from trapped body heat. its been almost 6 weeks since her “makeover” and the new growth is curly so she looks and feels like a little lamb, very soft and sweet…i will let the fur grow longer in the winter but i will likely not keep her in full coat again. its just so time consuming to keep her grooming up that way and my little “wash and wear” doggie is a delight. i no longer worry if she wants to get in the mud, or if its wet out we just go walking and we go further and have more fun. if shes too dirty i take her in the shower with me once we get home from our walking trip…easy… she seems pleased with the change, though i got the distinct impression that she felt “nekked” for the first few days.the beauty of this spring time has made my evening drives to work pleasant. flowers and flowering trees are blooming everywhere. i have gotten the urge to plant things and have a few flower pots in my front yard. my drives to work and church are lovely pastoral journeys, that make me calm and only add to the feeling that life is very good. i have repaired my van, and when i have the time later on this summer, i hope to take road trips around the area and see things that i haven’t seen yet…there is a fullness, a contentedness that i have not had before and i love this time i have for myself it is bliss and i am so happy about it .was it worth the long wait as i was job hunting?…yes. like my pastor friend said “ when god closes one door he opens another…its just hell in the hallway…” and yes it was…but the worse days are behind me, the gentle successes is easing the lines off of my face and the soreness out of my heart. life is good, very good at peartree cottage. thank you for your prayers… they have been answeredlabels: abigail, bella vista, working

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 9:17 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 april 04, 2010
		
		

the greatest gift
the table of our lord, the altar of st francis of rome church clifton, louisville kythe eternal spring is hiddenin this living bread for our life's sake,although it is night. it is here calling out to creatures;and they satisfy their thirst,although in darkness,because it is night. this living spring that i long for,i see in this bread of life,although it is night. - st. john of the cross"the bread that we need each day to grow in eternal life, makes of our will a docile instrument of the divine will; sets the kingdom of god within us; gives us pure lips, and a pure heart with which to glorify his holy name, " - edith stein"were it not for the constant presence of our divine master in our humble chapel, i would not have found it possible to persevere in sharing the lot of the lepers in molokai...the eucharist is the bread that gives strength... it is at once the most eloquent proof of his love and the most powerful means of fostering his love in us. he gives himself every day so that our hearts as burning coals may set afire the hearts of the faithful," - blessed fr. damien, apostle of the lepers"let us go with confidence to the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace," - (heb. 4:16)father, now saint damien molokai’i ae, is one of the two holy people that have gone before me, that i have selected to be my patrons. the other is edith stein, in religion teresa benedicta a cruse, a jewess who converted to christianity then after ten years of teaching was received into the carmelite order. st. damien died of leprosy contracted in conjunction with his ministry. st. edith was murdered for simply being of a certain race. the communion of saints has always been a reality for me. i never believed that those that die are not alive. they are living on another plane, another dimension. and that they are there for us i have been asked by many “why would you change your faith or your religion at this time of your life?...” “ what was it that drew you to this church so full of controversies and contradictions…” a church that is daily reviled in the news, insulted in the press and scorned by many of my friends who left her angry confused and hurt… a church misunderstood, called stone age, irrelevant,  woman hating, superstitious, filled with heresies, idolatry and untruth. none if this is true of course…was it the leading of john michael talbot, (who said to me recently that becoming a roman catholic made him a better methodist. that by following christ by studying the example of st. francis of assisi, he has become better conformed to christ in the image of john wesley…) or my methodist minister friend,( who was supportive but i think perplexed…). both have been called by one angry friend “false prophets” but they have had little to do with this journey. they have encouraged me but not pushed me in any direction. was it the long period of no church attendance, then the plunge into a liturgical experience over the past few years? was it my own disgust at the way praise and worship has become top 40 songs that make jesus sound like he is your girlfriend, and worship leaders treated like rock stars…or how the “bible” church go-ers have become modern day pharisees, judgmental overfed sheep that cant make their way out of the feedlot of their churches into the world that sorely needs what they have been so carefully taught!... is it the incredible narrowness that i have seen in fundamentalist congregations or the outrageousness of some pentecostal gatherings where people growled like dogs, and flopped on the floor in a crazed abandon, spouting nonsense. "what christ gives us is quite explicit if his own words are interpreted according to their aramaic meaning. the expression 'this is my body' means this is myself" karl rahnerin fact it was the calvary chapels, the verse by verse exposition of the scriptures and the mantra of their founder chuck smith…”read the word-what does it say?” that propelled me in an all out search for the truth. it was 10 years ago, as i was reading kathleen norris’s “ amazing grace, a vocabulary of faith” that i decided to look at what catholics believed and why they are viewed differently than any other “brand” of christianity. i read two passages of scripture below  with “catholic” eyes... that study totally rocked my theological worldviewjohn 6:48-69i am the bread of life. your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness, and they died. this is the bread that comes down from heaven, so that one may eat of it and not die. i am the living bread that came down from heaven. if anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever. and the bread that i will give for the life of the world is my flesh.”the jews then disputed among themselves, saying, “how can this man give us his flesh to eat?” so jesus said to them, “truly, truly, i say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and i will raise him up on the last day. for my flesh is true food, and my blood is true drink. whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and i in him. as the living father sent me, and i live because of the father, so whoever feeds on me, he also will live because of me. this is the bread that came down from heaven, not as the fathers ate and died. whoever feeds on this bread will live forever.” jesus said these things in the synagogue, as he taught at capernaum.when many of his disciples heard it, they said, “this is a hard saying; who can listen to it?” but jesus, knowing in himself that his disciples were grumbling about this, said to them, “do you take offense at this? then what if you were to see the son of man ascending to where he was before? it is the spirit who gives life; the flesh is of no avail. the words that i have spoken to you are spirit and life. but there are some of you who do not believe.” (for jesus knew from the beginning who those were who did not believe, and who it was who would betray him.) and he said, “this is why i told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted him by the father.”after this many of his disciples turned back and no longer walked with him. so jesus said to the twelve, “do you want to go away as well?” simon peter answered him, “lord, to whom shall we go? you have the words of eternal life, and we have believed, and have come to know, that you are the holy one of god.” james 5:14-16is anyone among you sick? let him call for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the lord. and the prayer of faith will save the one who is sick, and the lord will raise him up. and if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven. therefore, confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, that you may be healed. the prayer of a righteous person has great power as it is working.these scriptures are explicit in their clarity. i have read commentary and discussed these with a number of learned people and i am convinced that they are literal and to the point. that jesus, was saying that he himself would become a spiritual food somehow…and that i was to confess to a human and that i would be forgiven…. i am no scholar no theologian, but what the bible said was what the church teaches and has taught since the earliest times and this is what convinced me that the fullness of christian life is to be found in the roman catholic church. you can be a christian and not be catholic, you will go to heaven if you have faith in jesus, but if you want the fullness of historic christian tradition, you aren’t going to find it in the feel good mega churches or by staring at a tree in your back yard… you will find it in the depths of the mystery of the church founded by christ himselfyes… there are many other things that lead me to “cross the tiber… i love the pageantry, the theater of the mass, the many readings of scripture and the comfort of knowing that you are going to get what you get every time you go…but the two things among the many, two sacraments of seven…. they were the clincher. i have written on one of them, reconciliation and absolution. the other is the eucharist… the real presence… the holy communion that can only be found in holy mother church and her daughters of orthodox traditions... sadly it cannot exist in the churches of the separated brethren that i have known all of my life. i am convinced that only consecrated priests that can trace their ordininal lineage back to the apostles have the authority to consecrate the elements. anything else is only a symbol, a symbolic ceremony that anyone can perform and if it treated that way, i have no problem with this, but in churches like the methodist church where only a handful of its ministers have this traceable authority (for example,if there are any women in the line of ordination that will disqualify you for starters) this is a huge issue. there has to be authority, if there isnt then my puppy could confect the sacrament… my friends, if the holy sacrament is merely symbolic why should we care…this has been a question that i have asked myself for a long long time"the bread of heaven puts an end to symbols." - office for the feast of corpus christii have seen communion services treated like picnics or free for alls that leave a huge mess on the floor. yes i have also seen reverence and dignity, but i have also seen it done carelessly and with no thought to what is being said by the foolishness, worse was seeing it done by rote week in and week out with no explanation. i have been in churches that don’t have communion but once a year, and i have seen open tables which are a mockery of scripture in 1 corinthians 11:27-32whoever, therefore, eats the bread or drinks the cup of the lord in an unworthy manner will be guilty of profaning the body and blood of the lord. let a person examine himself, then, and so eat of the bread and drink of the cup. for anyone who eats and drinks without discerning the body eats and drinks judgment on himself. that is why many of you are weak and ill, and some have died. but if we judged ourselves truly, we would not be judged. but when we are judged by the lord, we are disciplined so that we may not be condemned along with the world.the eucharist is for believers not seekers. being a seeker is great i have been one for many years.  i went forward and was "blessed" by different priests in different settings. i was not in the least embarrassed to be different. i want what god wants and political correctness for the sake of inclusion has no place here. we really need to get over this..."the blessed sacrament is indeed the stimulus for us all, for me as it should be for you, to forsake all worldly ambitions. without the constant presence of our divine master upon the altar in my poor chapels, i never could have persevered casting my lot with the lepers of molokai; the foreseen consequence of which begins now to appear on my skin, and is felt throughout the body. holy communion being the daily bread of a priest, i feel myself happy, well pleased, and resigned in the rather exceptional circumstances in which it has pleased divine providence to put me." - blessed fr. damien, apostle of the lepersthe eucharist is a gift to us here on earth. it is the way christ would cement the living stones of his church together… a building up…a unifying factor…and i desired this oneness with our lord so much. i knew that and while it was hard to wait i wanted something in my life that wasnt tainted by rushing or choosing my own way. i am so glad that i waited and that i was able to have a first true holy communion..."neither theological knowledge nor social action alone is enough to keep us in love with christ unless both are proceeded by a personal encounter with him. theological insights are gained not only from between two covers of a book, but from two bent knees before an altar. the holy hour becomes like an oxygen tank to revive the breath of the holy spirit in the midst of the foul and fetid atmosphere of the world," - archbishop fulton j. sheenand so i began this long journey, three churches, four catechists, 12 years and 10,000 miles of wandering later, i stood before msgr scott and the congregation at st. steven church and said more "i do's" than i repeated at my two marriage ceremonies combined. i felt my forehead being signed three times and the heavy sweet scented chrism oil crossed on my forehead and temples...the same kind of oil used to anoint priests and because they are the head of the church of england, the kings and queens of england as well. i am an anointed princess and a priest...a true daughter of god, and of his church...then i heard my new name "teresa damien molokai ea" and there was a roar in my ears and the sound of the drums striking the last note of a mele or chant and the ensuing silence. i think the roar was voices... and father said later when i shared this that they were the voices of those forgotten ones, those sent to the fires at the death camps by the nazis, those lepers tossed off the ships into the raging pacific off the coast of molokai'i, too weak and sick to swim they would drown in the heavy surf. my patron saints cared for these people and in turn i will be cared for as well... the struggle of this part of my journey has ended. the word of prophecy i received last fall, that before the summer came, my hard journey would end,  has come to pass... the final drumbeat signaled a new song was beginning. “lord, i am not worthy to receive you, but only say the word and i shall be healed…”the final words said by the priest prior to the serving of the eucharist….i went forward for the host and when father placed it in my mouth, i stood there in a sort of amazed shock..."i have god in my mouth..." was all i could think, but as i tasted the precious blood for the first time i realized that this was different from any experience of our lord i have ever known, a closeness and a sweetness that is unsurpassed. i was high, on a different plane than when i walked into the church. for me and for others that have experienced this celebration, it is a life changing moment.  you are never the same again. i am free to worship where i will but the table of our lord is now open to me in any church anywhere in the world. i now have 1 billion brothers and sisters. the next week as i worshiped i felt the same spine tingle when i received my lord and my god. when jesus said he would be with us forever he really meant it physically forever, within us. i never understood the power of that . christ more than a intellectual expression, more than theology, worship and service… actually in my hands in my mouth, under my heart. it is my hope that my faith will grow stronger now that i have this tangible reality in my life. it is the greatest gift i have ever been given. with thanks tohttp://www.therealpresence.org/index.htmlconfirmed hokulea and mgsr scottlabels: catholic, church, current events, edith stein, john michael talbot, personal growth, quotable quotes, rcia, scripture, st damien of molokai

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 1:59 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 april 02, 2010
		
		

"amazing love"... a song for good friday
 the crucifix outside the shrine of monte cassino, st meinrads archabbey indianaenjoy this musical meditation on our lords passion and love for us...http://www.bing.com/videos/watch/video/chris-tomlin-amazing-love/28ba58ebba1b79a209ac28ba58ebba1b79a209ac-1713253253722amazing lovei’m forgiven because you were forsaken,i’m accepted, you were condemned.i am alive and well, your spirit is within me,because you died and rose again.amazing love,how can it bethat you, my king, should die for me?amazing love,i know it’s true.it’s my joy to honor you,in all i do, i honor you.you are my kingjesus you are my kingyou are my kingjesus you are my kingyou are my kingjesus you are my kingamazing love,how can it bethat you, my king, should die for me?amazing love,i know it’s true.it’s my joy to honor you,in all i do, i honor you.you are my kingyou are my kingyou are my kingchris tomlinlabels: church, in, praise and worship, youtube

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 5:00 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 






father i put my life in you hands ~ a meditation for good friday
 the cross...little portion retreat center eureka springs arhttp://www.youtube.com/user/jesusoursalvation#p/f/64/z6tyesgfzkwlabels: catholic, john michael talbot, little portion, praise and worship, youtube

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 12:47 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 march 21, 2010
		
		

philippians 3:7-16~forgetting what lies behind..
snow in the shadows a bit of snow clinging to the sunless areas of the forest near bentonville arbut whatever gain i had, i counted as loss for the sake of christ.indeed, i count everything as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing christ jesus my lord. for his sake i have suffered the loss of all things and count them as rubbish, in order that i may gain christ and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law, but that which comes through faith in christ, the righteousness from god that depends on faith—that i may know him and the power of his resurrection, and may share his sufferings, becoming like him in his death,that by any means possible i may attain the resurrection from the dead.not that i have already obtained this or am already perfect, but i press on to make it my own, because christ jesus has made me his own.brothers, i do not consider that i have made it my own. but one thing i do: forgetting what lies behind and straining forward to what lies ahead,i press on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of god in christ jesus.let those of us who are mature think this way, and if in anything you think otherwise, god will reveal that also to you.only let us hold true to what we have attained.labels: scenic arkansas, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 10:13 am
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 march 20, 2010
		
		

reconcilliation and absolution
 light to the world lighted cross that perches in a very steep hillside overlooking the valley below...mount sequoyah conference center fayetteville arkansas3-17-10every child who received christian instruction learns the story of the man who's friends brought him to jesus by lowering him through the roof. you remember that first jesus says to him "my son, your sins are forgiven you"... this gave rise to protests from religious leader present and even today you will hear in protestant churches..."who can forgive sins but god alone?"... jesus goes on to say "why do you ask this question? which is easier to say, "your sins are forgiven or rise, take up your bed and walk? but so you will know that the son of man has the authority to forgive sins i say to you "rise, take up your bed and walk" (mark 2:1-12)  as a protestent i longed to hear those word said to me... "my son, your sins are forgiven you" as a church of christ preacher i would preach sermons about forgiveness and wonder..truly are my sins forgiven?... there is much emphasis on the lord's supper...and the need to be fully confessed and not partake in an "unworthy manner".was i unworthy? was that why certain sins kept "hanging on" was there something unaffective in my baptism ( i cor 11:27) all along i wondered if i needed to have been alive in the time of jesus to have heard those words of pardon and forgiveness, or would i forever wonder...bruce sullivan "christ in his fullness"jesus said to them again, “peace be with you. as the father has sent me, even so i am sending you.” and when he had said this, he breathed on them and said to them, “receive the holy spirit. if you forgive the sins of anyone, they are forgiven; if you withhold forgiveness from anyone, it is withheld.”st john 20:21-23the church is quiet, it is in the middle of the day, i can hear, off in the distance, the laughter of the preschoolers in the day care center that is run there on the campus. i wait in the adoration chapel until msgr scott comes and gets me... "well... are you ready?" he says with a smile..."ready as i will ever be" and we walk into the church through a set of glass doors to the confessional room.gone are the days of tiny closets and wooden boxes. with scandal and accusations ever at the forefront, there are few truly private confessionals anymore and certainly none in modern catholic churches in this country. you have the illusion of privacy but the lightly stained glass and the clear glass doors so that both sides of the screen are in full view from the outside. its obvious that people are in there… as one young man said in class…”why be so concerned about visual privacy, so you are confessing to father…so what?” so what indeed my young friend, hopefully you will never have anything so pressing and shameful that such privacy will be needed. but like the young man, i have similar feelings about this most misunderstood of the seven sacraments. i wonder why people don’t take advantage of this wonderful opportunity to have this kind non judgmental person that cares about you listen to you unburden yourself. i have wondered how hard this could be month in and month out….that was until i sat down and really thought about what a monumental task this was going to be to prepare for my first confession.first i thought that i was going to have to go back to my childhood and confess as many sins as i could remember. that was enough to make me cringe. how does one do that? so true to my 21 century electronic age culture and information gathering skills i went to that wealth of spiritual resource google and pulled up this gem  http://anglicanhistory.org/pusey/pusey1.html this treatise, written 150 years ago, was very helpful. then i met with father and he said “oh, no you have only to go back to when you were baptized, which was 1990…and no laundry lists, lets talk about real things that hold you back, get you down… things you want to be rid of …” that really helped a lot. i have a lot i want to lay down and  i only have to deal with recent sins instead of a lifetimes worth of sins. this is because baptism effectively washed the sins of my youth from my soul… this was a new concept when i first heard it….and i think that this is one of the things that draws me to the catholic church… the sacramentsthe sacraments are efficacious signs of grace, instituted by christ and entrusted to the church, by which divine life is dispensed to us. the visible rites by which the sacraments are celebrated signify and make present the graces proper to each sacrament. they bear fruit in those who receive them with the required dispositions....i intend to write more about the sacraments, but this is so important. we evangelicals and protestants of every stripe have lost a valuable gift in giving up the sacraments. i am only just now coming to understand the value of a tangible touchable understandable evidence of the graces imparted by our lord… and the sacrament of reconciliation or pennace is one of the most misunderstood. i have heard from friends and family that “you don’t need a priest to be forgiven. well that is true and the “forgiveness of desire” is found as a legitimate theological precept in the catechism. however, the concept that “confession is good for the soul, is very accurate. as it says in the book of jamesis anyone among you sick? let him call for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the lord. and the prayer of faith will save the one who is sick, and the lord will raise him up. and if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven. therefore, confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, that you may be healed. the prayer of a righteous person has great power as it is working. james 5:14-16   i can only explain by telling the rest of the story. i sat down over a course of days and broke my life down into segments based on lifes experience. my single life prior to meeting woody, my courtship and marriage, the first few years , the time in hawaii and then the time in arkansas and our divorce. like i have said before our life together was a play in three acts and it fit neatly into the structure laid out by rev. pussey in that article. i also wrote about my experience with mr. wonderful and confessed my inordinate attachment to him and how sorry i am for the damage this has caused so many people. i confessed my feelings of resentment towards my parents and my family, how even as they have hurt me deeply the resentment is a cancer that i want to be gone from my life….my self indulgent sins, personal flaws and faults i had a laundry list, as do most people i filled a dozen pages or more in this notebook with the entire mess. i prayed about it and wondered how i would do….i entered the room and there was a chair for me. this was a special appointment as i was not going to be able to go in the evening with the other candidates, since i am working. i sat down. i cant kneel anymore. my knees are so bad from the nasty falls i have taken and my weight. i opened my notebook and after father said the bidding prayers…i began“ bless me father for i have sinned. this is my first confession. i was baptized in june of 1990, and have tried with all of my heart to live the way jesus would have me to live and i have failed most wretchedly, may god have mercy on my soul….”i began to read my notes and it all came back to me. the sins both of commission and omission… i let it all go, from my bitterness regarding my barrenness to my desire for a married man i can never have, to my active rage at woody for his faults, to my resentments towards my family for their misunderstanding and non acceptance of me… i asked god to forgive me of the defects of character that plague me due to my father’s and woody’s drinking, and my mother’s controlling behavior. my uncontrollable anger… my inordinate desires i cannot control…even my immaturity that while is not a fault or defect of character but in my struggle to try to grow up, i hurt people, and cause a lot of grief. father asked a few questions for clarification, admonished me to not see mr. wonderful again, ask if he was the reason for my divorce.  i could say no truthfully. while he inspired me to find myself and to reach for better greater things he wasn’t the reason woody and i are apart…and with that, i received the penance of saying the rosary everyday for three days  in reparation for the pain i have caused other people… and then came the act of contrition which i felt with all of my heart as i said these words…“o my god, i am heartily sorry for having offended thee, and i detest all my sins because of thy just punishment, but most of all because they offend thee, my god, who art all-good and deserving of all my love. i firmly resolve, with the help of thy grace, to sin no more and to avoid the near occasion of sin. in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit. amen”then msgr scott came to my side of the partition and stood over me and extended his hands in blessing over me, and prayed the prayer of absolution:“god, the father of mercies, through the death and resurrection of his sonhas reconciled the world to himself and sent the holy spirit among usfor the forgiveness of sins;through the ministry of the church may god give you pardon and peace,and i absolve you from your sins in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit.”i have stood under waterfalls in hawaiian streams, the pounding shower of water that flows over you in a stream of refreshing blissful coolness after a hot sweaty hike to get to them…it is one of the most wonderful feelings i have ever experienced… i had a similar rush after this prayer… i felt like a burden of years was lifted off of me and that god really and truly forgiven me. heaven opened wide its windows and the light of god poured into my heart… i will never forget this moment. father asked me if i felt different… yes i do and yes i will be different from this day forward. 4-2-10i finish this on the eve of my reception into the church on good friday night. i am at work surrounded by my coworkers that are as supportive of this moment as family should be…some even in a sort of awe that i would do this at this point in my life. on man said that i will be forever changed after tomorrow night. i know that i am changed even now. thank you god for this great giftlabels: books, catholic, church, faith, personal growth

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 10:31 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 march 14, 2010
		
		

isaiah 43:16-21 ~ god is doing a new thing
the frozen forest on a field of green grasss bella vista arthus says the lord,who makes a way in the sea,a path in the mighty waters,who brings forth chariot and horse,army and warrior;they lie down, they cannot rise,they are extinguished, quenched like a wick:“remember not the former things,nor consider the things of old.behold, i am doing a new thing;now it springs forth, do you not perceive it?i will make a way in the wildernessand rivers in the desert.the wild beasts will honor me,the jackals and the ostriches,for i give water in the wilderness,rivers in the desert,to give drink to my chosen people,21the people whom i formed for myselfthat they might declare my praise.labels: praise and worship, scenic arkansas, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 10:10 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 






the lenten journey
 late spring at lake norwood bella vista aryes its been quite a while. i had a birthday while i was away and that went well. my friend diane took me to dinner and to see the brilliant choral group kapelle she also gave me a nice gift of a car emergency kit, something i can really use with my 60 mile a day drivei am sorry that i have neglected my blogs, but time escapes me... i am living life rather than writing about it, praying and preparing for my first reconciliation which is this week. i only have to confess up to the point of my baptism in 1990. that leaves a multitude of sins i need to forget and a multitude that need confessing, so i shall do that on the 17th.in between times of reflection there is work, which is going along well. i still have much to learn, i made a goal to learn three new procedures every week. i run around begging for help to get my work done, because the training program is non exist ant. but i choose to not let that stop me and i get through my evenings, and one day i will be as proficient as anyone else there...the men have been better about things and i will have another lady on the shift soon. im very excited about this. working there is a daily test of my willingness to put into practice the things i have learned in ala non. most importantly i am responsible for my feelings and how i react to things around me... and if i say something in all good faith and someone takes it wrong it is not my fault or worry that this other person feels bad. or if these men misunderstand that as a woman i have feelings and stress might just make me cry once in a while. mostly i smile and type away all night. i am so happy to have this job...i fear that somehow like so many of the good things of my life's journey, it will suddenly be ripped away from me and all will be lost...so i work hard, i have a full work load now, and often i fall behind... i am not as fast a typist as the others, who have been there for a long time, but by the end of the day or night as it were i get caught up and all is well. i am trying very very hard to live in the moment...to make every moment count, every financial decision count, spend money very wisely... to not think too far ahead. i try to just enjoy the day and not think about tomorrow for it may never come.i heard from my lawyer, and can sign the bankruptcy papers and file within the week. i have prayed about this and while i feel terrible about the money, i see no other way. no one will work with me and the int rest has gone up so high that i can never hope to pay it all back. there is so much that i need from medical care to car repairs. i see no help for it...i have also started my annulment from woody with his blessing. what i thought would be a slam dunk due to the circumstances of my civil divorce. but it is going to be the same long process as the first one. i am discouraged about this but will submit myself and try this again. i don't know how this will turn out...i have no witnesses to offer support for my case i have neither family nor friend from the time i was married... i will start looking at people here but it will be difficult to say the least. i shall have to be creative. i want to get this done as soon as i can, because woody is in a very unstable situation, and may disappear off the face of the earth it must seem to some that read my blog that i am in the same position, but no, i shall be here for a good long time. nw arkansas is my home. the beautiful snowy winter has been a trial but also a blessing as well, and has shown me the rightness of my decision to stay here and try to make a life here.... i know i have grown as a person. i am choosing to take along all that is good in my life and leaving behind all that hinders or is burden rather than a blessing... to that end....in the time that i have been away my comment generator has been replaced with a different system that is not really compatible with my elderly blogging platform. i am going to switch to blogger commenting in the coming days. the loss of over 1700 comments on this blog is painful but i don't want a system that will allow the random posting of photos and videos on my blogs. i am hoping to get this upgrade in soon... and i am seriously considering ending my journal my wide blue seas completely and moving to a new blogging home. the number of posts (over 1400) many with photos makes for a large blog. i also question the relevance of this blog to my new life and would a new blog allow for a fresh vision. its an interesting idea and one that i am seriously looking at...and so it goes. my lenten journey with its reading, fasting, and deep prayers has been a good one and i look forward to seeing where god leads in coming dayslabels: blogging, catholic, faith working, working

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 9:34 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 february 22, 2010
		
		

imposition and election
gathering at the table, the nw deanery of the dioscese of little rock gather for the rites of election at st vincent de paul church rogers arkansas"i will go peaceably and firmly to the catholic church: for if faith is so important to our salvation, i will seek it where true faith first began, seek it among those who received it from god himself."st. elizabeth ann setoni love the catholic church. there i have said it. for many reasons too nuemerous to count or account for, i love holy mother church and today was my wedding day...so to speak. i wasnt prepared... i didnt know today was the day but like the story of the bridgroom and the wedding feast in the bible (matthew 25)i didnt hesitate to go forth and meet my bridegroom...i jumped into something presentable and drove to rogers where i was a part of a group of 150 catachumens and candidates for full communion (i am a part of the latter group as my two previous baptisms are valid in the eyes of the church). there, some with sponsors, some like me had sponsors that couldnt make it, i was presented to bishop taylor, where he signed under the lists of names written in the book of the electin other words...im official and can take the sacrament in due course. i still have my first confession...oh joy, but it is and i am looking forward to it...i am meeting with father this week to discuss the preparations for this important sacrament...as well as easter vigil which is the most amazing service complete with fire, and light the drama of recounting the lives of the saints and of course receiving us new ones into the faith, and embrace of the churchits been quite a week for me spiritually. i am observing lent as i have for the past three years. i observed the fast and will continue to do so through the six weeks. i am also abstaining from shopping (now that i have purchased a new dress for easter that is it...no more. i cant afford it anyway... limiting sweets and going out to eat. i have gained a lot of weight back. beans and rice will do that, and frankly this is what and the way i was eating. i just want to think before i say yes to ordering dinner out with the boys. better still be prepared and take a frozen meal with me or have something prepared that i can take with me to work in the evenings...and idle chatter. i work in a office full of men, as a rule males would prefer a limit to chatter and not to be bothered while trying to work. i respect that. at church i am paying careful attention to what i say and trying to listen more deeply and intentionally.   i went to the noon service at st steven and msgr scott imposed the ashes on my forehead. i stood with one of the supervisors from walmart.com who was always very supportive of my journey. the mass was beautiful and msgr spoke on the need to develope self control not just as a needed spiritual discipline, but as an act of faith as well..an act of trust that god will provide everything that we need so we dont have to grasp and hang onto every little thing.imposition... to be imposed on.... election, to be chosen or to choose... i chose both to take what god imposes on me for my good and all of the good things that god wants for my life i am finding that more and more everyday that he is truly giving me beauty for ashes and the oil of joy for the sprit of heaviness... and that by making my calling and election sure, i am breaking new ground spiritually. i dont know where this is all going to lead but i do know that god only calls me to take the next step. one step at a time yours truly as she met with the most reverend anthony taylor biship of little rock ar.labels: catholic, faith, quotable quotes

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 9:43 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 february 21, 2010
		
		

isaiah 61~the year of the lord's favor
golden oak leaves in the snowfallthe spirit of the lord god is upon me,because the lord has anointed meto bring good news to the poor;  he has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted,to proclaim liberty to the captives,and the opening of the prison to those who are bound;  to proclaim the year of the lord's favor,and the day of vengeance of our god;to comfort all who mourn;to grant to those who mourn in zion—to give them a beautiful headdress instead of ashes,the oil of gladness instead of mourning,the garment of praise instead of a faint spirit;that they may be called oaks of righteousness,the planting of the lord, that he may be glorified.  they shall build up the ancient ruins;they shall raise up the former devastations;they shall repair the ruined cities,the devastations of many generations.strangers shall stand and tend your flocks;foreigners shall be your plowmen and vinedressers;but you shall be called the priests of the lord;they shall speak of you as the ministers of our god;you shall eat the wealth of the nations,and in their glory you shall boast.instead of your shame there shall be a double portion;instead of dishonor they shall rejoice in their lot;therefore in their land they shall possess a double portion;they shall have everlasting joy.for i the lord love justice;i hate robbery and wrong;  i will faithfully give them their recompense,and i will make an everlasting covenant with them.their offspring shall be known among the nations,and their descendants in the midst of the peoples;all who see them shall acknowledge them,that they are an offspring the lord has blessed.i will greatly rejoice in the lord;my soul shall exult in my god,for he has clothed me with the garments of salvation;he has covered me with the robe of righteousness,as a bridegroom decks himself like a priest with a beautiful headdress,and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels.for as the earth brings forth its sprouts,and as a garden causes what is sown in it to sprout up,so the lord god will cause righteousness and praiseto sprout up before all the nations.labels: scenic arkansas, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 8:39 am
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 february 15, 2010
		
		

a familiar foreign land
my winter wonderland metfield bella vista ari am now into my third week on my job. in many ways things are going very well. i love my hours and the work is not the most difficult i have ever done...in fact the job at walmart.com perhaps was more difficult, the pressure of the quota, the thought that peoples lives were about to be turned upside down when i would have to tell them that there identity had been stolen bore down heavy on me. what i do now night after night is to comfort, console and direct over the road drivers, many of whom have been out away from home for weeks at a time. i am using a computer program that is based on as400, so it looks like hieroglyphics on screen after screen and makes no sense at the first glance. i need an interpreter, and the men i am working with have been charged with that role...working with drivers and trucking is in my blood and bones. since i was 11 years old as i told in this post peaches to winnepeg. i have heard the siren song of the 4 lane highway for as long as i can remember...the road trip is my idea of royal progress. and for those of my readers who dont get it, just stop into any big box store that had incresed your standard of living. thank joe and jane trucker for all of that stuff you buy. this is well known familiar place. i speak the language, and when i see the drivers here in nw arkansas to go to our driving school, or just pulled in for a load of chicken from tyson, or to get a tractor repaired or upgraded... i smile understanding the difficulty of their lot, thankful that they choose to do this work, and i do what i can to assist them. the problems hastles and considerations of this life are well known to me. but the structure of the company, how they divide the duties and what are the priorities and corporate culture, this is new. i have never worked in a situation where they divide the duties the way this place does, and a lot of it i dont get yet...the training has been spotty, and its been peppered with "hey i dont have time for you to write notes down on this either you get it or you dont..." which of course is a crock. i finally had them assign me some boards to watch which generate driver activity, i answer emails mostly, and ask a lot of questions. sometimes i get answers... sometimes i try to wing it and it works out or it doesnt. it is a problem and as the week went on i found it harder and harder to swallow... they want me to fail and the smirk on one face when i told my supervisor out loud that after two weeks i hardly know how to sign on to the system told me this. the truth is that the "tribe" doesnt want "wendy" in the treehouse. she is like mom, her presence spoils their fun, that cant cuss talk trash about women, goof off and not look at me and feel like guilty morons. i say nothing about this stuff, i dont comment or react. i cant afford to lose this job. i press on feeling like the enviroment is growing more and more hostile.finally it came to a head the other night when the pressure was on and things went going very well. we all had issues to deal with. i was getting very little help...the guy in front of me kept slamming his chair into the partition and my desk so hard that coffee was spilling not once but at least a dozen times, much cursing and muttering about how stupid drivers customers, the day shift... then i heard a comment about a "stupid bitch" and another guy said something about the cusser having sex with her...they went back and forth louder and louder with the most horrible violent statements against women i have heard in public in a long time... i was shocked. none of them looked at me as they were doing this but i was sitting right there. one of the two supervisors came running in and shouted "enough" and asked if i was alright. i guess i looked pretty bad,and shook my head. i was taken out of the room to a private office. i was asked if i wanted to report the incedent..."i need this job," i told this man. "i cannot afford to make waves that might go against me, but this was intentional sexual harrassment, and i wont tolerate it. i need it understood that i am allowing you to deal with it tonight but the next time i will go over your head on this. i wont take the "boys will be boys nonesense..." "nor will i accept the "we arent running a sunday school in here line" he said he understood that... i also told him that should any of these guys decide that i am fair game for any of the things they ranted about tonight that i am not responsible for how i will choose to react or defend myself. i shouldnt have to even say this but since you have a bunch of animals in there i have a right to use a stick on them... he said he understood.but he didt promise that it wouldnt happen again...i understand that the guys got a dressing down that was composed of... "you sorry bags of trash are lucky you still have a job, if it ever happens again you will lose your jobs... i know that the next evening was pretty quiet...fine with mei dont need to be accepted, i just need this job. the manager that talked to me has taken over the training and i have been told that my expectations are a lot higher than the company's...to relax and suit up show up and dont let the jerks ruin a good opportunity. i have been here before. in the late 80's when they could still hang nude photos up in warehouse offices and called it freedom of expression when i had to take the ladies room key that was attached to a 2 foot peice of pipe with a chain, not to keep it from getting lost but to use as a weapon against an attacker that might be hiding in the bathroom on the dock. it is a familiar foreign land that i thought never to visit again. but i am determined to settle there to thrive and improve the situation. it seems to be what god has called me to do and i am content in doing it.  labels: scenic arkansas, weather, working

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 9:00 am
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 february 14, 2010
		
		

happy birthday, my abigail valentine
 my little one, abigail on the day of our meeting, at 10 weeks oldi was in grief, really not ready for another dog in my life, even though i put on a brave face. this little girl saw though my facade, snuggled up against my leg and with her adoring eyes said, "pick me! pick me!" i tried to resist but i could not... my dreamy eyed girl sitting in her window seatas she has grown up she has not been the timid clinging vine her sister annabelle of blessed memory was,fearful of my every upset, but a wiser companion who lets me cry when i need to, who just sits and is present in my pain. a constant friend and protector. she is willful and demanding, but then she is her own person as much as a doggie can be...however, every day is a new day and she loves me with a constant unconditional love that just amazes me.  abigail at one yearshe has been a blessing from the moment she entered this house. thank you god for your beloved...which is what abigail means, and everytime i say her name it reminds me of your great promise, that i am your beloved and you will never leave us alone. happy birthday my abigail may god give us many more happy yearsaint she sweet glamour shot at 8 monthslabels: abigail

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 11:30 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 






2 peter 1:2-11~growing in the knowledge of god
winter oaks near lowell armay god bless you with his special favor and wonderful peace as you come to know jesus, our god and lord, better and better. as we know jesus better, his divine power gives us everything we need for living a godly life. he has called us to receive his own glory and goodness!  and by that same mighty power, he has given us all of his rich and wonderful promises. he has promised that you will escape the decadence all around you caused by evil desires and that you will share in his divine nature. so make every effort to apply the benefits of these promises to your life. then your faith will produce a life of moral excellence. a life of moral excellence leads to knowing god better. knowing god leads to self-control. self-control leads to patient endurance, and patient endurance leads to godliness. godliness leads to love for other christians, and finally you will grow to have genuine love for everyone.  the more you grow like this, the more you will become productive and useful in your knowledge of our lord jesus christ. but those who fail to develop these virtues are blind or, at least, very shortsighted. they have already forgotten that god has cleansed them from their old life of sin.so, dear brothers and sisters, work hard to prove that you really are among those god has called and chosen. doing this, you will never stumble or fall away. and god will open wide the gates of heaven for you to enter into the eternal kingdom of our lord and savior jesus christ.labels: scenic arkansas, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 1:45 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 february 07, 2010
		
		

jeremiah 17:7-10~ blessed are those that trust in god
winter streams ford creek near bentonville ar“blessed is the man who trusts in the lord,whose trust is the lord.  “he is like a tree planted by water,that sends out its roots by the stream,and does not fear when heat comes,for its leaves remain green,and is not anxious in the year of drought,for it does not cease to bear fruit.”  the heart is deceitful above all things,and desperately sick;who can understand it?    “i the lord search the heartand test the mind,to give every man according to his ways,according to the fruit of his deeds.”labels: scenic arkansas, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 8:21 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 january 31, 2010
		
		

ii samuel 22:3-4,7,17-37,47,50 ~praises to god
 long shadows snowy afternoon peartree cottage metfield bella vista ar"the lord is my rock, my fortress, and my savior;my god is my rock, in whom i find protection.he is my shield, the strength of my salvation, and my stronghold,my high tower, my savior, the one who saves me from violence.i will call on the lord, who is worthy of praise,for he saves me from my enemies.in my distress i cried out to the lord;yes, i called to my god for help.he heard me from his sanctuary;my cry reached his ears."he reached down from heaven and rescued me;he drew me out of deep waters.he delivered me from my powerful enemies,from those who hated me and were too strong for me.they attacked me at a moment when i was weakest,but the lord upheld me.he led me to a place of safety;he rescued me because he delights in me.the lord rewarded me for doing right;he compensated me because of my innocence. for i have kept the ways of the lord;i have not turned from my god to follow evil.for all his laws are constantly before me;i have never abandoned his principles.i am blameless before god;i have kept myself from sin.the lord rewarded me for doing right,because of my innocence in his sight. "to the faithful you show yourself faithful;to those with integrity you show integrity.to the pure you show yourself pure,but to the wicked you show yourself hostile.you rescue those who are humble,but your eyes are on the proud to humiliate them.o lord, you are my light;yes, lord, you light up my darkness.in your strength i can crush an army;with my god i can scale any wall. "as for god, his way is perfect.all the lord's promises prove true.he is a shield for all who look to him for protection.for who is god except the lord?who but our god is a solid rock?god is my strong fortress;he has made my way safe.he makes me as surefooted as a deer,leading me safely along the mountain heights.you have made a wide path for my feetto keep them from slipping. "the lord lives! blessed be my rock!may god, the rock of my salvation, be exalted!for this, o lord, i will praise you among the nations;i will sing joyfully to your name.labels: pear tree cottage, scripture

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 8:19 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 




		
		 january 30, 2010
		
		

turning the corner
glowing lights in the snow...peartree cottage metfield bella vista arim living in a winter wonderland. over 36 hours we had about a foot of snow here. not a record but enough to really mess things up for driving and the like. i have been housebound for several days, and have enjoyed the quiet timei have had a wonderful turn of events. after several weeks of prayer, interviews, hopes then dispair of not hearing an offer of employment was made to me by a local transportation company. i am working as a driver manager on the swing shift 430 pm to midnight 5 days a week, then one 10 hour saturday every four weeks. its a longer drive than most people would make here but it being off hours, it is not a problem for me. the compensation is good, and the insurance is very good. i was so grateful that when i got the message from the hr guy i literally passed out... i came to on the couch a few minutes later i was so relieved and released from the stress of wondering what was going to happen to me...its a interesting place, there are a number of people there that i know, but none of them are the reason i got this job. its was totally a matter of gods hand guiding this and frankly i see it as ideal...my transition into the work group has been a touch awkward but nothing i cant handle. i am the only women on the shift and that has made for interesting moments... they dont have a training manual and dont really know what to do. the computer is counter intuative (as400 based) i have been there a week and have had only 30 minute of computer time and perhaps can answer the phone. ive been told not to worry about it, the man that is responsible for training me said it was three months or so before he felt that he had it downthe storm this week caused me to leave early on thursday and not go in on friday as the roads were so bad. im told this will not have a negative impact on my job retention. i was worried because i dont want to be perceived as a wimp, however i cant afford an accident and to damage my van. the ice layer on my van was nearly 2 inches thick at 9 pm so they boosted me out as soon as we were able to chemically melt the ice off my windshield, it took me over two hours to drive the thirty miles homei feel very differently from the way i did even three weeks ago. the sense of relief, and the ability to start to think about my future is incredible. i can start to address my way past due bills, and the now defunct contract to buy this house. i have no desire to move closer to my job like many of co workers, especially with enjoying the beauty of the snowfall...its worth the inconvienience of bad weather and the drive late at night. so i am praying about buying the house i am currently living in. i will be able to afford it eventuallyworking at night has many advantages not just the easier drive. i love being able to awaken naturally in the mornings, to be able to have time for prayer and meditation, walks with abigail...(weather permitting)and the morning al anon meeting on fridays...my days are relaxed and natural so my stress level is so much lower even though i still had first week jitters. all of the evening activities like rcia are going by the by. i am meeting with msgr scott to finalized the date for my first confession, which will be different than the rest of the class as i will be coming during the day... again i like the idea that i will be able to take my time and do this right, i have been waiting for this for a long time. im also having to give up my home group al anon meeting, and a few other activities but again it is really a small trade offi feel like i have exhaled and turned the corner. i will never take a job for granted and never take the fact that i have a job and am taking care of myself, means that someone else isnt really trying. my choices wont be based on the needs of another but on what i need. i fear that i have a big decision coming that will be hard for some to accept, but i will pray it through and then do what i think is besti heard a song today that sums up where i have been in this last year and where i want to go on tohands if i could tell the world just one thingit would be that we're all okand not to worry 'cause worry is wastefuland useless in times like thesei won't be made uselessi won't be idle with despairi will gather myself around my faithfor light does the darkness most fearmy hands are small, i knowbut they're not yours, they are my ownbut they're not yours, they are my ownand i am never brokenpoverty stole your golden shoesit didn't steal your laughterand heartache came to visit mebut i knew it wasn't ever afterwe'll fight, not out of spitefor someone must stand up for what's right'cause where there's a man who has no voicethere ours shall go singingmy hands are small i knowbut they're not yours, they are my ownbut they're not yours, they are my owni am never brokenin the end only kindness mattersin the end only kindness mattersi will get down on my knees, and i will prayi will get down on my knees, and i will prayi will get down on my knees, and i will praymy hands are small i knowbut they're not yours, they are my ownbut they're not yours, they are my ownand i am never brokenmy hands are small i knowbut they're not yours, they are my ownbut they're not yours, they are my ownand i am never brokenwe are never brokenwe are god's eyesgod's handsgod's mindwe are god's eyesgod's handsgod's heartwe are god's eyesgod's handsgod's eyeswe are god's handswe are god's handsjewelim grateful to god for his provision i missed neither a meal for want of food nor appointment for want of gas. i sold a great many things but nothing i cant live without. i am so glad, so thankful for all of your prayers and support. swathed in snow peartree cottagelabels: breaking news, pear tree cottage, poem, working

link back to me? | posted by hokule'a kealoha at 3:36 pm
...anyone? lets talk story!  | 










hokule'a at
mywideblueseas@gmail.com

blogroll me!


ping me!


nw arkansas





feedjit live blog stats







my other blogs~ 

its all about the journey~reshaping my life,one pound at a time

my wide green fields~~ the ohio journey

hokule'a~~star of gladness- a poetry blog

lux aeterna-a memorial blog dedicated to those affected by the events of 9-11-2001

hawaii calls! news views and links from the big island of hawaii

remembering annabelle


join the project.... i am blogger 768~ 




i rememberthomas mingionefirefighterladder 132 brooklyn 38th perished at wtc tower one





blogs i am reading~ 
pretty nearly daily reads ~ 

922 cats

collecting my thoughts

texas trifles

shiloh musings

smoothstone...

attitude of gratitude

lashawn barber's corner

 journal of a writing man

regeneration

wheelie catholic

insightscoop

bloggers over 50

koinonikon-margi

christ is in our midst

daily weaving


glory to god for all things


the eleventh~ a blog 


link


link

link


link


link


link


blogs of the ozarks, and the tri state region~ 

live! from paradise!

steph's gonna win!

the more excellent way

...just another day in paradise...

deo volente

when kate blogs

link

link

link

link


link





focus on israel ~~~ 

smoothstone...

jack's random thoughts

me-ander

solomonia

shiloh musings

jewish in a gentile world









abigail valentine, my little darling ~ 



fave dog blogs ~ 


chihuahua craziness

miss sadie shih-tzu

raina roo's and kitty's too puppy blog

bailey's buddy

link

link

annabelle my beloved ~ 



may she rest in peace 2-25-2009 ~ 

light a virtual candle as a tribute

post a tribute for your departed pet



blogrolls powered by blogrolling~



<"homespun bloggers">






my alphabetized blogroll and link list via blog rolling....(* indicates a recent update!)~ 








09/01/2003 - 10/01/200310/01/2003 - 11/01/200311/01/2003 - 12/01/200312/01/2003 - 01/01/200401/01/2004 - 02/01/200402/01/2004 - 03/01/200403/01/2004 - 04/01/200404/01/2004 - 05/01/200405/01/2004 - 06/01/200406/01/2004 - 07/01/200407/01/2004 - 08/01/200408/01/2004 - 09/01/200409/01/2004 - 10/01/200410/01/2004 - 11/01/200411/01/2004 - 12/01/200412/01/2004 - 01/01/200501/01/2005 - 02/01/200502/01/2005 - 03/01/200503/01/2005 - 04/01/200504/01/2005 - 05/01/200505/01/2005 - 06/01/200506/01/2005 - 07/01/200507/01/2005 - 08/01/200508/01/2005 - 09/01/200509/01/2005 - 10/01/200510/01/2005 - 11/01/200511/01/2005 - 12/01/200512/01/2005 - 01/01/200601/01/2006 - 02/01/200602/01/2006 - 03/01/200603/01/2006 - 04/01/200604/01/2006 - 05/01/200605/01/2006 - 06/01/200606/01/2006 - 07/01/200607/01/2006 - 08/01/200608/01/2006 - 09/01/200609/01/2006 - 10/01/200610/01/2006 - 11/01/200611/01/2006 - 12/01/200612/01/2006 - 01/01/200701/01/2007 - 02/01/200702/01/2007 - 03/01/200703/01/2007 - 04/01/200704/01/2007 - 05/01/200705/01/2007 - 06/01/200706/01/2007 - 07/01/200707/01/2007 - 08/01/200708/01/2007 - 09/01/200709/01/2007 - 10/01/200710/01/2007 - 11/01/200711/01/2007 - 12/01/200712/01/2007 - 01/01/200801/01/2008 - 02/01/200802/01/2008 - 03/01/200803/01/2008 - 04/01/200804/01/2008 - 05/01/200805/01/2008 - 06/01/200806/01/2008 - 07/01/200807/01/2008 - 08/01/200808/01/2008 - 09/01/200809/01/2008 - 10/01/200810/01/2008 - 11/01/200811/01/2008 - 12/01/200812/01/2008 - 01/01/200901/01/2009 - 02/01/200902/01/2009 - 03/01/200903/01/2009 - 04/01/200904/01/2009 - 05/01/200905/01/2009 - 06/01/200906/01/2009 - 07/01/200907/01/2009 - 08/01/200908/01/2009 - 09/01/200909/01/2009 - 10/01/200910/01/2009 - 11/01/200911/01/2009 - 12/01/200912/01/2009 - 01/01/201001/01/2010 - 02/01/201002/01/2010 - 03/01/201003/01/2010 - 04/01/201004/01/2010 - 05/01/201005/01/2010 - 06/01/201006/01/2010 - 07/01/201011/01/2010 - 12/01/2010






























 
				based on design by mela 
		photos on this page are the property of wide blue seas, llc all rights reserved
			





