




sicily bella - history of sicily, about sicily, sicily tours, sicily  villas





















 























history of sicily:
steeped in history, sicily possesses
              an extraordinary range of art, archaeology, culture and folklore.
              its mountains, volcanoes, islands, health spas, beaches, climate,
              cuisine, wine and hospitality combine to make sicily the ideal
              tourist destination. lying in a strategic position between europe
              and arica, sicily, melting pot of the ancient world, was touched
              by every mediterranean culture, first the greeks and the romans,
              then the arabs and normans, and finally, the french, spanish
              and italians. traces of this long history are evident today in
              the broad range of art and architecture including two of the
              best-preserved greek temples in the world, as well as in the
              variety among sicilians themselves, who range from blonde and
              blue-eyed descendants of the normans to dark-eyed olive-skin
              mediterranean people.
palermo, the capital of sicily,
                is a crossroad of civilization, reflecting the diverse cultures
                that have passed by here over the past 2,000 years. among the
                many architectural treasures is the palatine chapel, built by
                roger ii in 1132. it reflects all of the artistic elements that
                came together under the norman, french, sicilian, arabic and
                greek influence.
about 50 miles southwest of palermo
                is segesta, site of one of the finest examples of doric architecture
                left standing. approximately 118 miles west of segesta and up
                2,450 feet is erice, a medieval mountaintop town of castles,
                palaces and cobblestone streets, which offers striking views
                of trapani, the egadi islands, and even the tunisian coast on
                a clear day.
trapani is the departure point
                for the ferries to the egadi islands and the island of patelleria,
                near the african coast. south of trapani is marsala, a small
                seaside town, famous for its sweet wine. continuing southwest
                is selinunte, the site of greek temples high on a plateau overlooking
                the mediterranean. originally, there were seven temples, of which
                only one still stands.
about another 60 miles farther
                east are the temples of agrigento. settled by the greeks in 580
                bc, the city survived attacks from the carthaginians at the end
                of the 5th century bc, the roman era, the middle ages under arab
                and norman rule and into the modern age. its most astounding
                feature, though, is the valley of the temples, five temples built
                beginning in the 5th century bc.
along the way to siracusa, ragusa
                reveals fine baroque architecture and lends itself to beautiful
                walks in the old city. siracusa, at the southwest end of the
                island was founded in 734 bc by greek colonists from corinth,
                and the city became a rival of athens and the largest, wealthiest
                city-state in magna grecia. today, the archaeological park contains
                the ruins of a roman amphitheater and the most complete greek
                theater existing from antiquity.
to the east lies sicily's second
                city, catania, with its superb views of mt. etna. on the other
                side of mt. etna is the medieval mountaintop town of taormina
                with its spectacular views and greek theater, first built during
                the 3rd century bc and today the site of summer arts festivals.
                messina, a modern city, was rebuilt after being destroyed by
                an earthquake in 1908 and heavy damage during world war ii.
off the northeast coast lies
                seven beautiful volcanic islands the largest of which is lipari.
                the aeolian islands, reached by hydrofoil from messina, palermo
                and milazzo, are ideal for snorkeling or scuba diving.
for a trip inland from palermo,
                pass through caltanessetta to enna, a fortress city of narrow
                winding streets with an impressive castle built by frederick
                ii.
carnivals and fiestas in sicily
sicily is not only a land of
                history, it is a land of spectacle. almost every day of the year,
                a village somewhere will be celebrating a religious of traditional
                festival. many of these festivals have been enacted for hundreds
                of years, often in elaborate style complete with costumes, life-sized
                puppets, waving flags and music. the whole town turns into one
          huge festivity as everyone participates.

escorted sicily tours
                guaranteed departures



sicilian panorama 
                  8 days catania
jolly sicily tour
                8 days palermo
sicilian kiss
                  8 days acireale
splendid sicily
                  8 days catania
southern splendor
                  7 days palermo
sicilia splendida
                  5 days catania
sicily gourmet
                  5 days palermo




see more sicily tours 



 


sicily villas & apartments
                weekly and daily rentals



villa lalo 
                  cefalù                
belo apts 
                palermo 
dana apt
                  palermo
gidu apartment
                  catania
villa vigr
                  catania




see more sicily villas, 
                      farmhouses & apartments 
 













 





about sicily | travel sicily | contact us | home
sicilybella.com - copyright 2012. all rights reserved. disclaimer: prices subject to change without notice. 
    may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. 
    these pages may be updated from time to time.







