

kingstorn cavaliers



this site can only be viewed using explorer or netscape.


coliezione millebaci "genie in a bottle"
remi



bonitos companeros usambara
mila









 our next litter will be ready to go home in the summer 2024! 


cavalier king charles spaniels

welcome to our website!  we specialize in gorgeous, healthy, well socialized, akc registered cavaliers with champion pedigrees.  if you would like the ultimate pet and to be treated with patience and kindness you have definitely come to the right place!  it took us many years of dealing with many "snobbish"  sometimes downright rude breeders to be able to acquire our own cavaliers.  we made a solemn vow we would never treat other people the way we were treated! god has truly blessed us and we would like to share these wonderful dogs with others. we do place our puppies in loving homes only but you will not be required to fill out a 3 page application or go through extensive "screening" processes. after all cavalliers were bred to be human companions. all we ask is that you love and treat them the way that we do!

we have been breeding cavaliers for 24 years now. we have worked very hard in breeding only healthy cavaliers. in fact, we are working on 7generations of our own healthy lines! we have had quite a few live to be 15 years old!! our oldest was 17!! god has truly blessed us! please keep in mind though that any cavalier can have issues at some time in their lives.

our puppies are hand delivered and raised underfoot in our home with lots of tlc. they are extremely well socialized and ready to be your new best friend! we do not work outside the home and are with our dogs almost 24/7. we have our puppies crate trained before leaving us and almost house trained. cavaliers are companion dogs so they are very unhappy when away from people! we cannot fanthom our lives without cavaliers. we must warn you that they are addictive! one is never enough!!  read our faq link above as it will answer many questions you may have. 
cavaliers are the most non-aggressive, loyal, loving, smart, sweet tempered, pet you can buy. they truly are the "cadillac" of dogs. we raise the blenheim's and tri's and our cavaliers are true to the standard according to akc. please travel through our site and see our beautiful cavaliers.
if you have any questions or comments please do not hesitate to call or email. we would be happy to share information and ideas. we just love to talk about our cavies!

we were very selective in choosing our cavaliers from the correct breed type. with their round melting eyes, correct muzzles, body confirmation, great health and perfect temperment we wanted to make sure we continued to improve and maintain the breed. our philosphy is that even pet buyers deserve to have a beautiful, healthy cavalier. we do not breed to create pet quality puppies; we breed to create top quality puppies for pets! there is a big difference! do your homework and compare the looks, quality, health and temperament of the cavalier!
our champion pedigree cav's are from the pascavale, bonitos compenaros, collezione millebaci,homerbrent, keyingham, amantra, sheeba, grantilley, kopyright, loranka, fairy tale, stonepit, premier, kindrum, escapade, salador, ravenrush, quilymon, shagbark, kindrum, turretbank, sanickro and von cross lines. it has taken me many decades and lots of research to acquire these magnifent lines over the years. i am so very thankful for those breeders who shared them with me. 
celebrity adopters 
  
thank you martina and markus for these beauties!!!














 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
who could resist one of these?

kings may have ruled countries but cavaliers ruled kings. now they are taking over families around the world!

a lap full of love!
 

heaven on earth!
me and my granddaughter, hayden surrounded by love!
my wonderful friend, tommy garrett, writer and entertainment publicist,
wrote a super nice article about me and my cav's.
i cannot thank him enough. click here for more info: article 



we only breed the tri's and blenheim's now. 


list of items needed for new puppy adopters 



cavaliers adore kids! (this is my grandson, garrett and my granddaughter, hayden) 

 
 
becky holleman
    702 cobb rd.
    kinston, nc 28501
    252-559-0934
beckyhmn@gmail.com
our business hours are m-sat. 10:30 am - 4 pm
****if you have questions concerning prices and the care of my cavaliers please read my faq link above. ****
if you have more questions after that please feel free to call or email.
 you will see this icon throughout our website. it means "heart certified by our vet".

my favorite president with my favorite breed!! 


you are cavalier lover # 

cavalier links: 
 

we were 100% akc compliant on our last 2023 home visit! 

my favorite bible verse
john 3:16 
for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
isn't it a wonderful thing knowing we can spend eternity in heaven?
click here to learn more.

mark: 8:38
whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his father with the holy angels.
matthew: 10:32 & 33
whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will i confess also before my father which is in heaven.
but whosoever shall deny me before men, him will i also deny before my father which is in heaven.


why are my cav's and puppies so beautiful and healthy? click here:



website problems email: beckyhmn@gmail.com



please help stop puppymills: http://stoppuppymills.org/
this site shows actual videos of these horrid conditions.
never ever buy from a pet store! it has been proven
that those puppies come directly from puppymills!
dog theft is on the rise. protect your babies!
read this article!
                                becky holleman
                                copyright © 2003 [kingston kennels]. all rights reserved.
                                revised: april 27, 2024
this site is copyrighted. please do not use pictures or text without written permission.



just a dog

from time to time, people tell me, "lighten up,
it's just a dog," or, "that's a lot of money for just a dog."
they don't understand the distance traveled, the time spent, or the costs involved for "just a dog."

some of my proudest moments have come about with "just a dog." many hours have passed and my only company was "just a dog," but i did not once feel slighted.

some of my saddest moments have been brought about by "just a dog," and in those days of darkness, the gentle touch of "just a dog" gave me comfort and reason to overcome the day.

if you, too, think it's "just a dog," then you will probably understand phrases like "just a friend," "just a sunrise," or "just a promise."

"just a dog" brings into my life the very essence of friendship, trust, and pure unbridled joy.

"just a dog" brings out the compassion and patience that makes me a better person.

because of "just a dog", i will rise early, take long walks and look longingly to the future. so for me and folks like me, it's not "just a dog" but an embodiment of all the hopes and dreams of the future, the fond memories of the past, and the pure joy of the moment.

"just a dog" brings out what's good in me and diverts my thoughts away from myself and the worries of the day.

i hope that someday they can understand that it's not "just a dog", but the thing that gives me humanity and keeps me from being "just a man or woman."
so the next time you hear the phrase "just a dog", just smile -- because they "just don't understand."

"musings" by richard biby,








































home


the girls


the boys 


litters available

testimonials

past litters 


history


guarantee


deposits

faq

about us 


shipping





, l