







bfc historical society – online history center






































































 



























toggle navigation













home
about us 

a brief history
contact the society
the bible fellowship church


library 

history of bfc
local church history
biographies
conference minutes
study committee papers
writings from our pastors
recordings
…all library categories…


society 

our archives
society newsletters
membership renewal
upcoming society meeting
previous society meetings


bookstore











 






				
						welcome to the historical society of the bible fellowship church					






welcome to the historical society of the bible fellowship church

welcome!
the on line history center of the bible fellowship church is committed to preserving the past in order that we might learn from it.  here we learn of our successes and failures, of high points and low points, of triumphs and tragedies.  from the past we learn who we were and and from that understand who we are and what we are becoming. 
our vision is an online history center where you are able to learn. you can stop by the library and check on the papers and studies that have been put on our “shelves.”  or, you may want to step into the biographical center and check on who’s who.  you can look up the history of your church (when it is available).  stop by the book store and order some of our books.  if you would like to ask a question or need some information, please get in touch.

according to the holy spirit
a video introduction to the bible fellowship church



society news
upcoming meeting
saturday, october 26, 2024at bethany bible fellowship church in hatfield, pa
join us for two presentations from our society historians from 10am – 2pm and a catered lunch between presentations.  for more information, click the meeting details button.

meeting details
membership
want to apply for or renew your membership in the historical society?receive periodic news from the society and support the preservation work of the church.

membership information
 library categories
all of our online resources are collected into these categories.  enjoy exploring!
 biographical lists

biographies

cemetery indexes

conference

doctrines and disciplines

genealogy reports

history of bfc

local church history

ministerial convention

minutes of conference

minutes of general conference

photos

reports to conference

society newsletters

statistics

study committee papers

the gospel banner

writings from our pastors

yearbooks



recent additions
this is a list of some of our most recently added articles and resources.  they may have been written long ago or recently, but they were added to our online library recently. 
zionsville bfc 1933 anniversary programby bfc historical society
nuts and bolts – a history of the executive committeeby richard taylor
little heaven: the history of the bethany bible fellowship church in hatfield, pennsylvaniaby jill davidson
rose of sharon hymnalby bfc historical society
1971 minister’s wives fellowship cookbookby bfc historical society
svacha, ethel mae gw #153by jill davidson
bossard, margaret alice gwby jill davidson















home        about us         library           society           bookstore
 

copyright  2022. all rights reserved

















































































