


national jousting association: the sport of kings









  













     




						 
						 

						



















see jousting videos!
espn's 50 states in 50 days
  today show feature on jousting!















 
						

come ride with us!
national jousting hall of fame tournament
saturday, june 14, 2025
						12:00 noon
						natural chimneys park
						94 natural chimneys lane
						mount solon, va 22843
						 
national jousting championship tournament
saturday, october 11, 2025
						11:00 am
						petersville farmers woods
						3816 petersville road
						knoxville, md 21758
						 


						the thrill of a rider and horse thundering down the track with the skill and precision to "pick off" three small rings is the present day sport of jousting! even though the origin of the sport is more than
						



news
  2020 national ring jousting video courtesy of graham cullen.




						160 years old in this country (see the  history of jousting), there has been a recent revival in interest and participation in "the sport of kings." jousting is the state sport of maryland and now includes clubs from maryland, virginia, and west virginia. participants are from all backgrounds and all ages and compete in four different skill levels.

						when most people think of jousting, they think of the medieval knights charging against one another for a fair maiden’s hand. what the king figured out early, was that he lost a lot of good knights to injury that way! tournament jousting (just called "tournament" in the early days) was the result. tournament was a way for knights to prove their combat skill and horsemanship, yet avoid unnecessary risk of injury.

						today, jousting (or ring jousting) is a more recreational sport, yet the competitive spirit of the knights and maidens remains alive and well. it is not uncommon for participants  and spectators alike to nervously watch and cheer as their favorites take their charge! riders from all five states participate in several of the larger tournaments during a season that starts in april and culminates in state and national championship tournaments in october. each state (and region) involved also have smaller, local tournaments throughout the summer and each come adorned with "bragging rights" for that season!! local communities get in the act as well, some sponsoring local tournaments, craft fairs, bake sales and art shows as part of a community event!

						browse these pages to see why so many are enjoying this equestrian sport with the flavor of the past! check out our schedule for more information on actual tournaments. visit our jousting hall of fame online and get directions to visit it in person. if you are interested in participating, visit the learn to joust page. enjoy your visit and please feel free to email us with any questions that you may have about "the sport of kings."

						







the national jousting association is a non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and promotion of the equestrian sport of jousting, also known as
			the "ring tournament."
contact info:
buck schuyler, president - p.o. box 92, henderson, md 21640, 410-482-2176
			email: buckschuyler@comcast.net
terry casady, vice president
			email: tbcasady80@gmail.com
paul mcmullen, secretary
			email: jousting@nationaljousting.com
chrissey casady, treasurer
			email: cdcbella@hotmail.com

national jousting association
			p.o. box 14
			mt. solon, va 22843
			 

			










history of jousting | hall of fame | schedule of events  

			learn to joust | clubs |  home
 








copyright © 1998-2023 national jousting association.
			for problems or questions regarding this web content please contact jousting@nationaljousting.com






