


drunksex



















 



    
	drunksex
	
  
fact outdoes fiction any day





friday, january 27, 2012



	 
	 my drunk girlfriend
	 
    


   more exgirlfriend videoslabels: exgirlfriendvideos.xxx, my drunk girlfriend



posted by ray at 2:20 am
14 comments






friday, november 19, 2010



	 
	 drunk ex-girlfriend video
	 
    


labels: drunk ex-girlfriend video



posted by ray at 3:28 pm
0 comments






monday, april 21, 2008



	 
	 drunk sluts
	 
    


   labels: drunk sex, drunk sluts, video



posted by ray at 3:10 pm
5 comments






wednesday, january 23, 2008



	 
	 a couple of drinks away from a gang bang
	 
    






posted by ray at 10:04 am
0 comments






saturday, october 14, 2006



	 
	 canada troops battle 10-foot afghan marijuana plants
	 
    


ottawa, canada (reuters) -- canadian troops fighting taliban militants in afghanistan have stumbled across an unexpected and potent enemy -- almost impenetrable forests of marijuana plants 10 feet tall. general rick hillier, chief of the canadian defense staff, said thursday that taliban fighters were using the forests as cover. in response, the crew of at least one armored car had camouflaged their vehicle with marijuana. "the challenge is that marijuana plants absorb energy, heat very readily. it's very difficult to penetrate with thermal devices. ... and as a result you really have to be careful that the taliban don't dodge in and out of those marijuana forests," he said in a speech in ottawa, canada. "we tried burning them with white phosphorous -- it didn't work. we tried burning them with diesel -- it didn't work. the plants are so full of water right now ... that we simply couldn't burn them," he said. even successful incineration had its drawbacks. "a couple of brown plants on the edges of some of those [forests] did catch on fire. but a section of soldiers that was downwind from that had some ill effects and decided that was probably not the right course of action," hiller said dryly. one soldier told him later: "sir, three years ago before i joined the army, i never thought i'd say 'that damn marijuana'."



posted by ray at 3:02 am
31 comments






saturday, september 30, 2006



	 
	 katies revenge
	 
    


evansville, indiana (ap) -- an inmate serving a life sentence for molesting and murdering a 10-year-old girl named katie was apparently forcibly tattooed across the forehead by a fellow prisoner with the words "katie's revenge," authorities say.anthony ray stockelman, 39, was removed from the general prison population for his own safety last weekend after authorities discovered the tattoo, officials said.prison officials said an inmate has been identified as a suspect.a photo of what is identified as stockelman's forehead appeared this week on a crime blog called "lost in lima ohio" that focuses on news reports about crimes against children and women.two prison guards suspected of supplying the picture were fired for making unauthorized copies of an evidence photo, said rich larsen, a spokesman for the wabash valley state prison in carlisle, about 70 miles north of evansville.child molesters rank near the bottom of the prison hierarchy and are often brutalized by other inmates. tattoos are against prison regulations, but inmates often fashion crude tattoo instruments with plastic utensils and needles.stockelman's tattoo covers nearly his entire forehead."if i had to guess i'd say it's a statement from the inmates," said collman's father, john neace.stockelman pleaded guilty to abducting, molesting and drowning katlyn "katie" collman, whose body was found in 2005 in a creek about 15 miles from her home in the town of crothersville.police initially believed katie was abducted and slain because she had stumbled onto a methamphetamine operation in the neighborhood, but that theory was later discarded.



posted by ray at 5:34 pm
1 comments






friday, september 29, 2006



	 
	 google earth's topless sunbathers
	 
    


when most people use virtual globe google earth, they look up such sights as sydney opera house, big ben or even their own homes. but two of the computer program’s users got an extra surprise when they explored the dutch city of the hague - and spotted topless sunbathers. a dutch blogger looking for his favourite pub accidentally zeroed in on a man wearing just shorts, lying on the roof of a house by a canal. a woman lying face down on a separate rooftop terrace was spied by an unknown browser who mentioned it on an online forum. the sunbathers found their way on to google earth because they were catching a tan when the satellite used for mapping the planet was passing overhead. a google earth spokeswoman said: "things like this do happen and people will find them for a bit of fun." other bizarre sightings include "hovering cars" in perth and missiles in the deserts of iraq. read the complete article at the daily mail



posted by ray at 12:18 am
0 comments






thursday, august 24, 2006



	 
	 40 orgasms-a-day help trap benefit fraudster
	 
    


a woman diagnosed with a condition that causes her to experience up to 40 orgasms a day has been found guilty of housing benefit fraud. suspicions were aroused when media coverage revealed that the man she claimed was her lodger was in fact her lover. after ruth byron featured in women's magazines and television chat shows discussing her condition which causes her endless multiple orgasms, the department of work and pensions took a keen interest. in addition to detailing her persistent sexual arousal syndrome, the 50-year-old also mentioned having a 22-year-old lodger. after benefit fraud investigators monitored the coverage of "britain's most orgasmic woman" they realised simon leach, who byron claimed was her lodger, was in fact her lover - who she has since married. they also found that she had been overpaid £6,097 in housing and income benefits after lying to the department. read the complete article at the daily mail



posted by ray at 3:08 pm
0 comments






wednesday, august 16, 2006



	 
	 church guard arrested for sex with corpse
	 
    


a man working at a church northwest of stockholm has been remanded in custody for a very, very unsavoury deed.the man, who is in his 40s and who was working at the church as a security guard, was arrested by police on suspicion of opening a coffin and having sex with a female corpse."i am shocked," said a priest in the parish, according to expressen.a week ago, police detained the man after they found an open coffin awaiting burial in the church's crypt. near the unlocked coffin police found empty beer cans."the lock was off and the body was lying in a position it should not be in," said an unnamed police officer to expressen. "we suspect that the guard has assaulted the dead woman."the man is being held for breaking burial laws and could face to up to two years in jail.read the complete article at thelocal.se



posted by ray at 5:09 am
2 comments






wednesday, august 09, 2006



	 
	 $1.5 million dollar bed
	 
    


 a young dutch architect has created a floating bed which hovers above the ground through magnetic force and comes with a price tag of 1.2 million euros ($1.54 million). janjaap ruijssenaars took inspiration for the bed -- a sleek black platform, which took six years to develop and can double as a dining table or a plinth -- from the mysterious monolith in stanley kubrick's 1968 cult film "2001: a space odyssey.""no matter where you live all architecture is dictated by gravity. i wondered whether you could make an object, a building or a piece of furniture where this is not the case -- where another power actually dictates the image," ruijssenaars said.read the complete article at yahoo!news



posted by ray at 3:55 am
1 comments






monday, august 07, 2006



	 
	 chinese bar offers beer, assaults
	 
    


a new bar in eastern china is offering customers an unusual outlet for anger - by allowing them to use the staff as punching bags, state media said today.in addition to getting a drink, customers at the "rising sun anger release bar" in nanjing city are able to pay money to beat up staff, smash glasses, shout and scream, the china daily said. if that doesn't work, customers can also receive psychological counselling, the paper said. the bar employs 20 well-built men in their 20s and 30s who have agreed to be hit. customers can specify how they want the men to appear - they can even be dressed up as women, the newspaper said. the bar charges 50 to 300 yuan ($a8.30 to $a49) for customers to release their anger, depending on their demands. the bar was set up in april by wu gong, a 29-year-old man who got his inspiration from similar bars in japan, according to the paper. the bar has won some fans. "pressure in today's society comes from just about anywhere ... we get no place to vent our anger. the idea of beating someone decorated as your boss seems attractive," local salesman chen liang said. read the complete article at news.com.au



posted by ray at 3:59 am
1 comments






friday, july 14, 2006



	 
	 british police tell boozy women to wear nice knickers
	 
    


london (afp) - police in eastern england are telling local women to wear nice knickers and have a wax before getting fuelled up on booze, newspapers reported. the latest attempt by the police to get hip with the kids is aimed at hammering home a responsible drinking message to the sort of young lady who might be found blind drunk and vomiting in a gutter after a night out on the town."for those of you intent on getting ratted (drunk) this weekend, think," reads safe! magazine, accompanied by pictures of a scantily-clad woman collapsed on the floor flashing her underwear."if you fall over or pass out, remember your skirt or dress may ride up. you could show off more than you intended -- for all our sakes, please make sure you're wearing nice pants and that you've recently had a wax."better still, eat before you go out, think about how much you're drinking, pace yourself and drink plenty of water between bevvies (drinks), or better still, don't get in this sorry state -- it's not nice."the suffolk constabulary in eastern england insists there is a serious point behind their seemingly bizarre advice.read the complete article at yahoo!news



posted by ray at 12:20 am
2 comments






thursday, july 13, 2006



	 
	 michael carroll uk lottery winner almost out of cash
	 
    


lotto slob michael carroll has taken out a mortgage after blowing his fortune.the lout, who won £9.7million in 2002, has borrowed £130,000.the loan was granted by bristol and west mortgages on carroll’s home in downham market, norfolk.his £245,000 pad is registered in the name of his aunt kelly muncaster, 34, and the loan is also in her name.he is seeking a second mortgage of £120,000 on another home, saying he will invest the dosh in property.but pals of the ex-binman fear he will blow the loan on cars, booze and drugs. he has a third property but estranged wife sandra aiken, 24, wants a cut of any sale as part of a divorce deal.carroll, 23, has lost £80,000 on a dubai property deal.he gave £4million of his winnings away and put the same sum into a bond — now worthless due to withdrawals.http://www.thesun.co.uk/article/0,,2-2006320361,00.html



posted by ray at 4:23 pm
3 comments






friday, june 30, 2006



	 
	 operation removes lightbulb from anus
	 
    


multan, pakistan (reuters) - fateh mohammad, a prison inmate in pakistan, says he woke up last weekend with a glass lightbulb in his anus. wednesday night, doctors brought mohammad's misery to an end after a one-and-a-half hour operation to remove the object. "thanks allah, now i feel comfort. today, i had my breakfast. i was just drinking water, nothing else," mohammad, a grey-beared man in his mid-40s, told reuters from a hospital bed in the southern central city of multan. "we had to take it out intact," said dr. farrukh aftab at nishtar hospital. "had it been broken inside, it would be a very very complicated situation." mohammad, who is serving a four-year sentence for making liquor, prohibited for muslims, said he was shocked when he was first told the cause of his discomfort. he swears he didn't know the bulb was there. "when i woke up i felt a pain in my lower abdomen, but later in hospital, they told me this," mohammad said. "i don't know who did this to me. police or other prisoners." the doctor treating mohammad said he'd never encountered anything like it before, and doubted the felon's story that someone had drugged him and inserted the bulb while he was comatose. read the complete article at reuters



posted by ray at 12:36 pm
1 comments






thursday, june 22, 2006



	 
	 woman, 43, gets hiv, tries to infect many black men
	 
    


a bitter blonde infected with the aids virus went on a vengeful mission to spread the disease. sarah jane porter, 43, was made hiv positive by a black lover — and set out to pass it to other afro-caribbean men.she is thought to have had unprotected sex with dozens.the single mum, of kennington, south london, was yesterday jailed for infecting one ex — and branded “pure evil”.a former lover of porter told last night how she set out on a callous “payback mission”.the 37-year-old man — known as mr b — called her “sick in the head”.and he told how she continued to sleep around even while awaiting trial for deliberately infecting another ex.mr b said: “she caught hiv off a black guy and now she’s on a payback mission. all the guys she has slept with are black.“her thinking seems to be, ‘why should i be the only one to suffer? why shouldn’t they suffer as well?’.“sarah is very, very attractive — the sort of woman any guy would love to be with.“but make no mistake, she is a very dangerous woman.”the lover she infected, known as mr c, branded her “pure evil”. porter, a vidal sassoon salon receptionist, is thought to have had unprotected sex with dozens of young afro-caribbean men she met in nightclubs.one is a well-known figure in the music world.yet she feigned shock and tears when mr c discovered he was hiv positive — and let him believe he had infected her.it was not until months later that the victim, an events manager, discovered through a mutual friend that porter was carrying the deadly aids virus before she met him.read the complete article at the sun



posted by ray at 4:29 pm
2 comments











exgirlfriend videos









enter your email address below to subscribe to drunksex!


powered by bloglet



archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
january 2008
april 2008
november 2010
january 2012


links

exgirlfriend videos
exgirlfriend tube
youtube sexy videos
viralblink.com
hot babes videos
naoestafacil.com
sexy comments for hi5 and myspace
blogroll me!
 
who links here




















 










 



