



little a'le'inn – earthlings welcome



























































skip to content



 




little a'le'inn
earthlings welcome









    menu	

login / join
stay  

search & book availability
view accommodations
master avail. calendar


forum51
gifts
food
more  

directions
faq
special interests  

sky gazing
geocaches


join our crew
area 51 tour groups
a/v media request
alienstock®



  scroll down to content















home




 
welcome!
book now and solidify your future journey’s moment, today. please read below for travel tips.
motel, rv spaces, and campsite reservations may not be booked same-day online. we do not accept phone reservations. we do, however, offer walk-in accommodations on a first-come first-serve basis, based on availability and how polite you are to the bar tender.
thank you. 
 

toys for cops

help us support our local sherrif’s department’s holiday toy drive by bringing a toy to donate when you come to the little a’le’inn. 



hours
gift shop / restaurant / bar / motel lobby:

monday & tuesday:
8am-3pm
wednesday – sunday:
8am-8pm

kitchen closes 1 hour early

help wanted
yes, the little a’le’inn is hiring for seasonal and long-term positions!employee housing is available!
learn more

destination
earth’s best landing location, known intergalactically as “the little a’le’inn,” offers exquisite views and friendly desert accommodations such as comfortable lodging, camping, pull-thru rv spaces, world-famous food, and the most out-of-this-world gifts you’ll find on our planet, earth!
we are the original area 51 restaurant / bar / motel. with the history of unique hospitality like ours, there is no substitute.
click here for directions, map, and navigation information.


we are located at:
the little a’le’inn 
9631 old mill st 
rachel, nv 89001
(775)729-2515
contact@littlealeinn.com


while looking up our address on google or other popular map servers, you may notice some list us as being located in the town of alamo, nv. do not have fear, for this is completely normal, as alamo is the closest incorporated town to rachel, nv.


transit tips

recommended night speed:
under 45 mph

this is due to the high volume of automobile accidents resulting in collision and sometimes rollovers with cows in the open range. some people think this is a joke, but it is in fact a very real threat. there is no fence along the road to keep the very dark cows from standing on the pavement, blending in with the night.
please, drive with safety!

parking
parking for standard terrestrial vehicles is free of charge.
rv spaces with 50a, 30a, and 20a power + water hook-ups, and/or information about booking them online may be found here.
tent campsites and/or information about booking them online may also be found here.
extraterrestrial craft over one mile in diameter are asked to please park on the dry lake bed to the north of town. shuttle services are available for your crews if needed. please be advised to announce your arrival with nellis afb air traffic control to avoid having falcons and eagles smashed on your windshield.
when parking all terrestrial craft, even just for quick docking, do your best to not block our frontage road or thru-way streets.

lodging
lodging is available by reservation. we do accept walk-ins, but only if accommodations are available, based on a first-come, first-serve basis. please try to make reservations here online rather than calling to do so over the phone, as we do not accept phone reservations.
ready to find availability and book now? 
click here now!
special notes to consider before booking:

information about all of our individual lodging accommodations and motel options, including individual availability, may be found here, or booked directly using the availability search box here.
if you’re looking to book an entire unit of rooms, take a look at our master availability calendar here, find a time or unit that has all rooms available when you’d like it, and simply use the availability search from there to book all of the rooms on the day you’d like! thanks.
if you have booked a reservation in one of our rooms or units and may be arriving after closing time, please give us a call (775) 729-2515 to make arrangements. thanks!
if you’re trying to book lodging accommodations for a business, organization, or event, however, please do call before trying to book online.

if you’d like to request a refund…
please send all refund requests with your booking information and reason by email to contact@littlealeinn.com
we will not issue refunds for booking cancellations within 2 days of your scheduled arrival date.
 










facebook  
yelp  
instagram  
reddit  
 


the little a'le'inn
contact@littlealeinn.com
(775)729-2515



view our online evolution via the wayback machine!
if you are looking for information about alienstock® click here!
login / register

© 2025

built by websight dot website

























































































































































































