


solids handling and processing association - shapa























the shapa website is the premier source of suppliers for a diverse 
			range of solids handling and processing equipment and services.







shapa are the uk's leading specialist association for the solids 
		handling and processing industry
all our members are established specialists within their fields, and 
		have the experience and commercial standing to provide quality, 
		cost-effective solutions for all aspects of mechanisation for bulk 
		materials handling and storage, conveyors, dust collection and control, 
		instrumentation, mixers, big bag handling, sampling systems, sieves, 
		valves and weighing systems and equipment.





email:

info@shapa.co.uktelephone:
01904 373040 









 



home
about us
equipment finder
news
members
technical
contact







 









1
2
3
4
5









solids handling and processing equipment
the shapa website is the premier source of suppliers for a diverse 
		range of solids handling and processing equipment and services. areas of 
		expertise include: industrial conveyors, load cells, valves, filling 
		equipment, bulk bags, dust control, flexible ducting, sieves, mixers & 
		blenders, industrial fans, weighing systems, level measurement systems 
		and much more.shapa has been the uk's leading specialist 
		association for the solids handling and processing industry since its 
		formation in 1981. the association provides a sound commercial and 
		technical platform for members, helping them to succeed in today's 
		challenging economic environment. our members are established 
		specialists within their fields and have the experience and commercial 
		standing to provide quality, professional and cost-effective solutions.
shapa produce a range of technical information documents on a 
		wide variety of industry-related topics   






news


	shapa business helpline
shapa supplement 

	shapa events
nominations for 
	the 2025 solids 
	handling industry awards are closing soon.
the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries,  are now open to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry. this 
		exciting opportunity will comprise awards in nine categories: 
		the innovation in technology award, the innovation in safety award, the 
		inovation in technology award  the export award, the sustainability awards, the newcomer award, 
		supporter of the year award, 
		the apprentice prize award and the shapa 
		company of the year award. the awards are open for application from 
		the 1st december 2024 and full details on how to enter your company or 
		colleague and applicable conditions are available on the association 
		website but please act quickly – the closing date for 
		all entries is 28th february 2025
which type of 
	dust monitor should we use?
when it comes to monitoring smoke and dust emissions, 
	understanding the right particulate matter (pm) measurement technique is 
	essential. both smoke and dust fall under the category of pm, which can be 
	measured using various methods, including opacity and triboelectric 
	detection. the choice of the most suitable technique depends on several 
	factors, including the specific requirements of your installation and 
	regulatory guidelines...


	sales for sales and non sales people workshop -19th march 2025
are you interested in enhancing your sales and negotiation skills, or 
	looking to move into sales. shapa are running a sales training workshop 
	which is perfect for customer-facing staff that have never had any sales 
	training or for colleagues who want to refresh their skills. for more 
	information and how to book down load the flyer from the
	
	shapa webpage 
increased 
	safety through explosion reduction
nearly 20 years have passed since shapa first published 
	their practical guide for suppliers and operators of solids handling 
	equipment for potentially explosive dusts—a cornerstone document for 
	ensuring compliance with atex regulations. endorsed by a foreword from the 
	health and safety executive (hse), the guide demonstrated best practices to 
	address the risk of dust explosions comprehensively, an area previously 
	overlooked in explosion safety...


	why dust collection is essential  
dust generation is an inevitable byproduct of most bulk 
	material handling systems. even seemingly harmless food products can create 
	dust that poses health risks. inhalation of dust particles can harm the 
	lungs, and when combined with air in certain proportions, many organic 
	materials become a potential explosion hazard. for this reason, dust 
	collection, air filtration, regular cleanup of spilled or settled dust, and 
	selecting the right air handling equipment are critical for any operation 
	involved in bulk materials storage, handling, or processing.
digital marketing 
	workshop 19th november 2024  
once again shapa is holding a digital marketing workshop in conjuntion 
	with hallam on the 19th november for the 16th sucessive year. subjects this time 
	include, key trends in digital marketing, linkedin - best practices for b2b, 
	organic seo, google ads for b2b, google analytics, search including the use 
	of social media and video aps, best practices and easy to use tools, follow 
	the link above for more information and how to book on to the course.


	finding the right solution for size reduction
size reduction is an ancient process, dating back to 
	when grains were crushed and ground to make flour. today, size reduction 
	equipment still mills harvested materials, but it also processes a wide 
	range of food, chemical, pharmaceutical, and mined materials. each industry 
	comes with its unique requirements, and each product presents its own 
	challenges. this is where the expertise of shapa members comes in—they have 
	the solutions to meet all your size reduction needs...
celebrating 
	continued success 


shapa continues to support the success of its 
	members and it was pleased to be able co-sponsor the celebration for the 50th 
	anniversary of the wolfson centre for bulk solids handling at the university 
	of greenwich on the 1st august. the day started with a quarterly 
	shapa meeting with many of our members in attendance. 


 
 
atex and dsear 
	workshop 28th november  2024 
due to overwhelming demand for the atex and dsear workshop we are running 
	a third workshop on the 28th november, and is designed for anyone involved 
	in working or supplying equipment into potentially explosive environments in 
	the solids and bulk handling industry, follow the link for the relevant 
	information and booking form  
materials in motion 
most products at some stage of their life during production or 
	manufacture, utilise materials in powder or granulated form. this is where 
	the challenge can be for the designers of equipment and processes to move 
	these types of materials from place to place, horizontally, vertically or 
	somewhere in between. the conveyor or elevator designer must consider a 
	multitude of parameters, probably more than twenty in their pursuit of the 
	most effective solution...
the green 
	agenda 
the solids handling & processing association has indeed 
	achieved significant milestones over its four-decade journey, evolving from 
	a modest beginning in 1981 with just seven companies to a robust network of 
	over 100 organisations dedicated to advancing solutions in solids and bulk 
	handling. as shapa reflects on the past achievements, it is essential to 
	acknowledge the collective efforts that have propelled the organisation to 
	its current standing as an industry leader... 
digital marketing 
	workshop 19th november 2024  
once again shapa is holding a digital marketing workshop in conjuntion 
	with hallam on the 23rd may for the 16th sucessive year. subjects this time 
	include, key trends in digital marketing, linkedin - best practices for b2b, 
	organic seo, google ads for b2b, google analytics, search including the use 
	of social media and video aps, best practices and easy to use tools follow 
	the link above for more information and how to book on to the course.
celebrating change

the solids handling & processing association is now 
	well into its fifth decade of continuous progress. from its initial start in 
	1981, with only  seven member 
	companies,  it has
	 become the premier trade association 
	for the solids and bulk handling industry. 
from its early beginnings, looking to represent member 
	companies in trade shows,  shapa has 
	developed into a portal for technical information, training, governmental 
	interaction, health and safety initiatives, networking forums and of course 
	the hosting of the annual solids handling awards.
	 although the members change due to 
	retirements, acquisitions, and mergers - new members continue to join, 
	keeping the membership well above one hundred members. 
back in april  2014 
	when i became the general secretary of shapa, taking over from john 
	whitehead  who had held the role for a 
	decade before me, it was very daunting but also an honour to be allowed to 
	be the latest custodian. throughout my time in office we have embraced new 
	technology within the shapa membership and come to terms with the ever 
	changing way in which to market ourselves as the digital revolution has 
	taken hold. we also started the solids handling awards
	 with an
	 initial five awards in 2015 this has 
	grown to nine award categories this year, as well as recognising those 
	individuals who have made a major contribution to the industry... 

atex and dsear 
	workshop 24th september  2024 
due to overwhelming demand for the atex and dsear workshop we are running 
	a second workshop on the 24th septemeber, follow the link for the relevant 
	information and booking form  
atex and dsear 
	workshop 6th june 2024 
following 
	requests from the membership the shapa technical committee have arranged an 
	introduction to atex and desar workshop on the 6th june 
	especially for the members and will be designed for anyone involved in 
	working or supplying equipment into potentially explosive environments in 
	the solids and bulk handling industry. for more information and booking 
	form follow the link above....

automation the road to sustainability  . 


	while organisations are having to consider improving their carbon footprint 
	through solar panels, better heating controls and electrifying their fleet 
	of vehicles to meet their customers’ requirements to have a green supply 
	chain. an easy win is to look at the automation of your system and 
	processes. by upgrading your systems not only do you improve your green 
	credentials you can also save energy thereby reducing costs and increasing 
	your operational efficiency...


	shapa general meeting 17th january 2024 

	please find a link to the agenda for the next shapa general meeting to be 
	held at the george hotel in lichfield on the 17th january 

the solids handling 
	industry awards open on the 1st december 2023 

	the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries,  opens on the 1st 
	december 2023 to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry.
this exciting opportunity will comprise awards in nine categories: 
		the innovation in technology award, the innovation in safety award, the 
	innovation in training and development award, the export award, the sustainability award, the newcomer award, 
	the apprentice prize award, supporter award and the shapa 
		company of the year award.


	shapa general meeting 1st november 2023 
please find a link to the agenda for the next shapa general meeting to be 
	held at the george hotel in lichfield on the 1st november 
hr awarness training 22nd november 
	2023  
shapa have put together a hr workshop has been 
		exclusively designed for shapa members to improve the awareness of 
		hr for non-financial managers and those who are new 
		to finance and accounts. it will be facilitated by quest our business 
	helpline providers, the training covers all the main 
		areas needed to understand hr issues and covers the following 
		main topics...
working together 


	it is well established that the shapa membership comprises many exceptional 
	companies in bulk materials handling and processing, their combined 
	experience and knowledge amounting to a few centuries. all this knowledge is 
	freely via the shapa website 
	www.shapa.co.uk . this website is an invaluable resource for all end 
	users, project engineers, design engineers and specifiers engaged in new 
	projects, updating plant and installations, or simply looking for life 
	extending efficient maintenance...

	digital marketing workshop 10th october 2023 
once again shapa is holding a digital marketing workshop in conjuntion 
	with hallam on the 10th october for the 15th sucessive year. subjects this 
	time include, key trends in digital marketing, ai for digital marketing, 
	analytics , account based marketing , the future of search and e-prvacy as 
	well as the normal question and answer sessions. for more  information 
	follow the title link above.  

size reduction 

size reduction is one of the oldest processes known to 
	man from before time when grains were pounded and ground to make flour. size 
	reduction machines still mill harvested materials but also a vast variety of 
	other food, chemical, pharmaceutical, and mined materials too. every 
	industry has its own requirements and every product presents its own 
	challenges; this is where the expertise within the shapa membership have the 
	solutions to all your size reduction requirements. 


	shapa general meeting 12th july 2023 
please find a link to the agenda for the next shapa general meeting to be 
	held in lichfield on the 12th july 

the bigger 
	picture
last 
	year was very much a year of consolidation and subtle change – at least for 
	many parts of the uk economy, and indeed for many at an individual level. 
	trends such as “on-shoring” – or the reverse of “off-shoring” - started to 
	bear fruit. many “low cost” economies had begun to lose their pricing 
	advantage in manufacturing. as an example, labour rates in industrial parts 
	of china post covid were beginning to chase those of usa. furthermore, 
	increasing transport costs from far flung places were allowing home grown 
	industry to compete more robustly. 

a message from 
	the shapa chairman  

	last year when i stood in from of the shapa annular general meeting, things 
	looked pretty grim.  in fact it’s easy 
	to forget just how grim.  we had just 
	witnessed outbreak of war in europe, for the first time in 70 years. 
	energy prices were exploding and there were threats of a cold winter 
	with no russian gas.  there was 
	potential for global food shortages, and threats of nuclear armageddon. 
	brexit was causing a lot of problems with components and materials import 
	and export...


shapa 
	announces the winners of the 2023 solids handling awards 
	
2023 has once again been an excellent year for the 
	solids handling industry with many successes in all areas of solids and 
	material handling, all the nominations for these awards show the strength 
	and depth of the solids handling industry and we thank all the nominees for 
	sharing their own successes. shapa is pleased to announce the winners of 
	this year’s awards which include two new categories, innovation in safety 
	and innovation in training and development  
finance and 
	commercial awareness workshop 22nd june 2023 
shapa have put together a finance workshop has been 
	exclusively designed for shapa members to improve the awareness of finance 
	and accounting for non-financial managers and those who are new to finance 
	and accounts. it will be facilitated by mathew jaques, mathew is a qualified 
	chartered accountant and chartered tax advisor who has inside knowledge of 
	the bulk solids industry as well as experience in the large accounting 
	organisations. the training covers all the main areas needed to understand 
	financial reporting and covers the following main topics. financial 
	management essentials, 
	key financial statements, analysing financial information and 
	budgeting and budgetary control

	simply better by design

it is well known that an elegant design that 
	works reliably, is devoid of baulking obstructions and ambiguities and is 
	simple to understand and operate, is of necessity the result of ingenuity, 
	experience, good applied science and engineering. crucially the designers 
	will have taken the time to learn about the owners’ and operators’ 
	materials, processes and needs. shapa has been promoting design excellence 
	in solids handling and processing machinery and techniques for more than 
	forty years and  the latest 
	manifestation of this progressive focused thinking may be seen in the shapa 
	website www.shapa.co.uk. 


	shapa general meeting 22nd febuary  
please find a link to the agenda for our next shapa 
	general meeting to be held in the george hotel lichfield on the 22nd 
	february 2023. in addition to a q&a slot from jack semple at eama we also 
	have a new member introduction presentation as well as speakers from  
	uk export finance and the department for international trade. if you 
	wish to come along email info@shapa.co.uk 
	for more details 
explosion safety
	 


	recently the shapa technical committee have reviewed the information 
	available and updated the advice given in the two publications within the 
	shapa technical library available at 



	https://www.shapa.co.uk/technical.php 
	these being compliance with legislation implementing the atex directive and 
	an atex powerpoint presentation
2023 solids 
	handling industry awards 
the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries,  opens on the 1st 
	december 2022  to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry.
this exciting opportunity will comprise awards in eight categories: 
		the innovation in technology award, the innovation in safety award, the 
	innovation in training and development award, the export award, the sustainability award, the newcomer award, 
	the apprentice prize award and the shapa 
		company of the year award.

hoppers, silos, 
	bins and storage solutions

it 
	used to be that all you needed to store your materials was a large area 
	where your product could be piled high on top of itself out in the open air. 
	as time has moved forward the need for more sophisticated storage solutions 
	are required in order to safely store the ever increasing range of bulk 
	solid materials with their differing properties. in order to achieve this a 
	more technical approach is required for the design of your storage 
	solutions. 


	shapa general meeting agenda 02/11/2022

	message from the shapa chairman 
good morning all 
i’m writing this to you today having just returned from 
	holiday.  i’m sure you are all as saddened as i was to hear of the 
	passing of the queen last week, even if not entirely surprised.  the 
	monarchy is not something that we think about every day in business, but i 
	do think queen elizabeth has been an enduring, recognisable symbol of our 
	country around the world for all of our lifetimes.  prime minsters come 
	and go, and most people abroad wouldn’t know the name of our current pm if 
	you asked them – but almost everyone in the world knew who the queen was.  
	she performed well in acting as a focus for national identity, unity and 
	pride, giving a sense of stability and continuity above the revolving door 
	of political leaders. 
 i’ve been lucky enough to travel to many 
	parts of the world, and for all our faults, i usually find that britain and 
	the brits are generally mostly held in good regard wherever i go.  
	brits at home often have doubts about the value of our monarchy, and i’m 
	sure many of you will have been as appalled as i have been by the antics of 
	some of the junior members of the royal family, but thankfully these seem to 
	be below the horizon of the wider world.  i was travelling in the 
	republic of ireland last week - people there always ask “where are you 
	from?” and after saying “england”, several times people expressed their 
	condolences for our loss.  this struck me as a sharp contrast to the 
	disdain in which the british political class are mostly still held in 
	ireland, due to the difficult history of british rule even though it ended a 
	hundred years ago on most of the island.  
 the freedom from political involvement 
	gives our monarch an advantage as a head of state abroad, representing our 
	country in a way that’s not tainted by the politics of wrangling over home 
	or foreign policy.  it gives a “brand awareness” that should not be 
	undervalued.
the current difficulties we face are perhaps the worst 
	we have seen in our lifetime – soaring inflation, energy shortage, 
	rock-bottom confidence in the future, severe damage to trade and labour by 
	our badly conceived and unfinished brexit, and an unpredictable war in 
	europe, to say nothing of the worsening crisis of climate change.  
	getting through these will stretch our politicians and all of us as business 
	people; but as we do our best to lead our companies through the tough times, 
	we’ll have a new monarch who i am confident will do his best to show the 
	world that britain is still open for business, communication and culture.  
	charles iii has a tough act to follow, but in spite of his failings he does 
	have a lifetime track record of service to community, charity and worthwhile 
	causes, so i think his heart is in the right place, and he has a sound 
	foundation on which to build – so i think he’ll be an asset to our country.
so i say to you all – god rest the queen.  and god 
	save the king.

mike bradley 

	 

digital marketing workshop 17th november 
	2022

	shapa  are once again holding the 14 th digital marketing workshop, this 
	highly successful event helps keep pace with the latest developments in 
	digital marketing. the event is exclusively for member companies and covers, 
	whats new in digital marketing, google analytics (ga4), how to create a 
	marketing strategy, and measuring what matters to name but a few of the 
	areas to be covered. for more information follow the link above.


	valves an open and shut case 


	there are many types of valves used within the bulk handling industry for 
	controlling, conditioning or diverting the flow of powders or liquids. there 
	are three main types of valves, these being shut off, diverter and rotary 
	valves. these types of valves are use in a variety of many differing 
	applications, some products are used to feed or discharge mixers or other 
	processing vessels...

	dates released for october and november events 

	the following events have now been arranged ukca workshop 5th 
	october 2022 ukca workshop 12th 
	october 2022 shapa general meeting  2nd november 2022digital 
	marketing workshop 17th november 2022more details to follow soon 


	digital marketing workshop rescheuled for the 17th november 
	2022

	shapa are holding the 14 th digital marketing workshop, this 
	highly successful event helps keep pace with the latest developments in 
	digital marketing. the event is exclusively for member companies and covers, 
	whats new in digital marketing, google analytics, online advertising, and 
	your digital marketing toolbox to name but a few of the areas to be covered 
	more details to follow soon 

a guide to dust 
	collection

virtually all bulk materials handling systems 
	generate dust. even dusty foodstuffs are a hazard to health. such dust can 
	damage the lungs and, when suspended in air in the right ratios, many 
	organic materials are an explosion risk. therefore dust collection, air 
	filtration, cleaning up of spilled or settled dust and correct choice of air 
	handling equipment are essential considerations for any bulk materials 
	storage, handling or processing operation.



	par group expand cnc milling capabilities

shapa member, 
par group have improved their timing screw, scroll, screw feed and auger 
	manufacturing capabilities with the purchase of a new cnc 4th axis milling 
	machine. 

the new equipment, commissioned 
	earlier this month, is some of the most advanced milling technology 
	available on the market. it compliments a number of similar machines already 
	in operation at par and provides improvements such as an increased bed size, 
	integrated 4th axis capability, and live tooling provision. this allows for 
	the manufacture of augers and scrolls up to 1 metre in length which is 
	significantly larger than possible with par group's previous machine 
	capabilities.






join our next shapa general meeting- 13/07/22 
why not join us for our next shapa general meeting to be held on the 13th 
	july at the george hotel in lichfield starting at 10:00. along with a couple 
	of member speakers and an oppertunity to network, we will also have an 
	external speaker on the implementation of the ukca mark and how to keep up 
	with the directive. directly following the general meeting and lunch we will 
	be hoilding a joint technical and marketing meeting. why not come along and 
	meet face to face with your colleagues from the industry, for further 
	details contact ian birkinshaw on 
	info@shapa.co.uk  

	shapa announces the winners of the 2022 solids handling industry awards 
2022 has once again been an excellent year for the 
	solids handling industry with many successes in all areas of solids and 
	material handling, all the nominations for these awards show the strength 
	and depth of the solids handling industry and we thank all the nominees for 
	sharing their own successes. shapa is pleased to announce the winners of 
	this year’s awards which include two new categories, the sustainability 
	award and the apprentice prize award 
connections 


	it is well established that the shapa membership comprises many exceptional 
	companies in bulk materials handling and processing, their combined 
	experience amounting to many centuries of knowledge. 
	all these companies are showcased within the shapa website and along 
	with the equipment finder is the go-to place for all of your bulk and solids 
	handling requirements... 
digital marketing workshop 18th may 
	2022

	shapa are holding the 14 th digital 
		marketing workshop, this highly successful event helps keep pace with 
		the latest developments in digital marketing. the event is exclusively 
		for member companies and covers, whats new in digital marketing, google 
		analytics, online advertising, and your digital marketing toolbox to name but a few of the 
		areas to be covered. 

	shapa 2022 agm 

	shapa will be holding its 2022 agm on the 27th april 2022 in the evening at 
	the brooklands museum in weighbridge which is open for members of the 
	association. please find a link to the
	agm notice, if you 
	wish to attend the agm please email 
	info@shapa.co.uk for a booking form 


	which type of dust monitor do i need?
smoke and dust are both known as particulate matter .  
	these particles can be measured via a number of different techniques, 
	including opacity and triboelectric effect. opacity is a measure of light 
	attenuated as it crosses a stack....


	shapa general meeting 19/01/2022
the next general meeting for shapa members will take place virtually 
	using the zoom platform at 10:00am on wednesday 19th january 2022 in 
	addition to the normal business we have three presentations for the meeting. 
	click the
	
	link to download the agenda for the meeting if you need login details 
	please email info@shapa.co.uk
the 2021 winter edition of the shapa 
		supplement has now been released  
with articles and information from across the industry, the new shapa 
	supplement is a must read to find out whats positive about our industry, 
	open up the link today and keep upto date 
shapa meeting covid update
due to the increase in the number of  covid cases over the christmas 
	and new year period it has been agreed that the shapa meetings in january 
	and feburary will now be transferred to online meetings. login details and 
	the agenda will be issued in due course. 
a happy new year to you all and lets stay safe in 2022 
 
2022 solids handling industry awards
the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries,  opens on the 1st 
	december 2021  to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry.
this exciting opportunity will comprise awards in six categories: 
		the innovation award, the export award, the sustainability awards, the newcomer award, 
	the apprentice prize award and the shapa 
		company of the year award.
storage solutions
	


	it used to be that all you needed to store your materials was a large area 
	where your product could be piled high on top of itself out in the open air. 
	as time moved forward the need for more sophisticated storage solutions were 
	required to safely store the ever-increasing range of bulk solid materials 
	with their different characteristics. ...
new online course -
	
	how to avoid future problems and buy bulk solids handling equipment
 
a new online course understanding the total cost of 
	ownership is being organised by abto, the objective of the course is to 
	raise awareness amongst bulk terminal buyers of the need to behave in a 
	better-informed way and equipment suppliers to understand the operational 
	needs of the equipment they are supplying. 
	download the flyer today 


shapa 40th anniversary celebration lunch 
shapa will be holding a 40th anniversary celebration lunch and awards 
	presentation on the 22nd september 2021. the celebration is to be held at 
	the george hotel in lichfield. for further details download the event
	invitation
	 and
	
	booking form  the event is free to attend for shapa members.


	effective dust control solutions 

	- selecting the most suitable dust 
	control equipment is not an easy task. many manufacturers will encourage 
	businesses to buy equipment that happens to be in their own product 
	portfolio; but is it always the right equipment for the job?
latest news
we have confirmed with the george hotel in lichfield that the gereral 
	meeting will be able to take place in person on the 7th july. if you wish to 
	attend please let the general secretary ian birkinshaw know on
	info@shapa.co.uk we look forward to 
	seeing everyone again 
fresh air 


	for more than a century there have been efforts to improve air quality in 
	the working environment, both in enclosed factories and other industrial 
	areas. even with scant knowledge of respiratory diseases it had been clear 
	that people were more productive in a cleaner and better environment. 


	shapa announces the winners of the 2021 solids handling industry awards 

2021 
	has once again been an excellent year for the solids handling industry with 
	many successes in all areas of solids and material handling, all of the 
	nominations for these awards show the strength and depth of the solids 
	handling industry and we thank all the nominees for sharing their own 
	successes.  
2020-2021 
	review by our chairman mike bradley 
well, what a year that was! 
	one we’ll never forget.
	our conversation has been dominated by a 
	vocabulary that a short time ago would never have been dreamt of – covid, 
	lockdown, r-number, and of course . . . brexit! 
	the chinese have an adage “it’s not good to live in interesting 
	times”...
shapa announces the shortlist for the 2021 solids handling industry awards 


	2021 has once again been an excellent year for the solids handling industry 
	with many successes in all areas of solids and material handling, all of the 
	nominations for these awards show the strength and depth of the solids 
	handling industry and we thank all the nominees for sharing their own 
	successes...

moving 
		in the right direction 



	most products at some stage of their life during production or manufacture, 
	utilise materials in powder or granulated form. this is where the challenge 
	can be for the designers of equipment and processes to move these types of 
	materials from place to place, either horizontally, vertically, or somewhere 
	in between....
13th digital marketing workshop details launched
		

shapa are holding the 13th digital marketing workshop, this highly successful event helps keep pace with the latest developments in digital marketing. the event is exclusively for member companies and covers, 
		2021 digital marketing trends, tips for merketing in a downturn, how to 
		run effective online events, lead generation, social selling b2b  to name but a few of the areas to be covered...
bulkex 
		2021
the details for bulkex 2021 have been announced, with a pronounced 
	technical emphasis, the conference is focusing on current and impending 
	opportunities and achievements in the bulk materials handling industry.
	the two-day event on 12th & 13th october 2021 has a packed programme of 
	inspiring speakers planned to deliver insights on topical technical issues 
	and pending projects.
the 2020 winter edition of the shapa 
		supplement has now been released 
with articles and information from across the industry, the new shapa 
	supplement is a must read to find out whats positive about our industry, 
	open up the link today and keep upto date 
2021 solids 
		handling industry awards are now open
the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries, are now open to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry. this exciting opportunity will comprise awards in four categories: 
		the innovation award, the export award, the newcomer award and the shapa 
		company of the year award. the awards are open for applications from 
		the 1st december 2020 the closing date for 
		all entries is 28th february 2021for more information check out the
	link


automation the next step

while 
	organisations have had to realign their products and services to meet the 
	restrictions imposed by the covid 19 pandemic many have been faced with also 
	having to quickly automate their systems and procedures to cope with the 
	uncertainty in the labour market due to the continual changes in guidance 
	from the authorities. one of the main ways to bring automation into the 
	workplace is to enhance your existing control systems...
new technical paper added - atex fan guide

atex fans are fans designed for use in potentially 
	explosive atmospheres and are governed by eu directive 2014/34/eu. this 
	directive is intended to increase safety by using a logical risk 
	identification and mitigation method for design manufacture and use...

returning to normal 

	with the total lockdown released by the uk government and being replaced 
	with a more targeted approach, uk and european organisations are starting to 
	get back to working more productively. however, as the overall situation has 
	not yet stabilised with new covid spikes being found across europe and the 
	deepening crisis in the americas, middle east and india, exporting and 
	importing is going to be significantly different going forward...

connections 

	it is well established that the shapa membership comprises many 
		exceptional companies in bulk materials handling and processing, their 
		combined experience and knowledge amounting to a few centuries. all are 
		merely a few “clicks” away on the shapa website www.shapa.co.uk . this 
		is an invaluable resource for all project engineers and specifiers 
		engaged in new projects, updating plant and installations, or simply 
		looking for life extending efficient maintenance.this leading 
	resource is continually evolving with new technical papers being added all 
	the time...

zooming around the uk

	with the lockdown starting to be released in the uk, europe and the wider 
	world companies are starting to get back to working productively. however, 
	things are looking different going forward. with a vaccine that may be six 
	to eighteen months away or not at all if you read some scientific journals 
	new ways of working are needed to ensure that we continue to be profitable 
	going forward.



	site visits, surveys and inspections in the wake of covid-19 restrictions

the long term impact of the covid-19 pandemic is looking to be widespread 
	and lingering. with the repercussions of lock down, social distancing and 
	furloughing staff likely to affect every industry in very different and 
	unexpected ways...

	shapa teams up with the lev industry forum 

	shapa as an integeral part of the lev industry forum - competency working 
	group have together produced a
	
	lev knowledge guidance matrix for key roles in the lev industry 
	highlighting the requirements for each role and where to find the 
	appropriate information needed to fulfil the role. further information can 
	be found on the the chartered institution of building services 
	engineers ( cibse) website 
	link  


	shapa announces the winners of the 2020 solids handling awards 
this 
	year the solids handling industry award ceremony has been held using an 
	online zoom platform, showing that despite the lockdown and the changes in 
	working practices the shapa community continues to work together to develop 
	new and exciting products, export all over the world, develop our young 
	people and celebrate the successes of our industry. the winners of the 2020 
	solids handing industry awards are:-.....
rob berry  
it is with great sadness that we report the death of our much loved and 
	respected colleague and friend dr rob berry after suffering a long battle 
	with cancer. he will be remembered by the bulk materials handling industry 
	for his great expertise in powder flowability and by his friends and 
	colleagues for his kindness, patience and humour...
a message from theo our arkwright student 
i am trying to make the most of these difficult times by staying active 
	and encouraging a positive mindset. given my school has now closed, i will 
	continue to to try to make the most of my education, and keep up to date 
	with work my school have been providing me with online. as an arkwright 
	scholar, and am taking advantage of any extra time to learn about 
	engineering, and keep up to date with any new advancements made in 
	engineering.i hope everybody keeps welltheo

	shapa announces the shortlist for the 2020 solids handling industry awards 


	2020 has once again been an excellent year for the solids handling industry 
	with many successes in all areas of solids and material handling, all of the 
	nominations for these awards show the strength and depth of the solids 
	handling industry and we thank all the nominees for sharing their own 
	successes...
coronavirus letter from shapa chairman
	 
following the recent announcements regarding the current coronavirus and 
	its implications on travel and meetings, the shapa council have agreed to 
	postpone the annual agm and awards dinner for this year until we feel that 
	the situation has come under control and the advice from the government has 
	been relaxed. we also intend to cancel face to face meetings until the 
	advice changes, we are sure that within your own businesses you are taking 
	similar precautions....
annual awards dinner cancelled 
due to the current situation regarding the coronavirus outbreak, the 
	council have agreed to cancel the awards dinner which was due to take place 
	on the 22nd april. arrangements are being made to carry on with the awards 
	presentations and agm further details to follow 
health of the nation 
the need for solid health and safety systems, procedures and practices 
	are more important than ever as we move out of the european and customs 
	union into the wider world sometimes using the world trade organisation 
	rules for the global market. while it is hoped that in time that the uk will 
	negotiate reciprocal trade agreements with many of our trading partners 
	throughout the world, there is a need to make sure we do not miss out on 
	opportunities during this period of change....
solids handling industry awards 
the 2020 solids handling industry awards dinner is being held at the 
	brookland museum in weybridge on the 22nd april 2020. dont miss out on the 
	prestegious black tie dinner with two free places for members, download the 
	booking form today and guarantee your place.
	
	download the booking form today   
12th digital marketing workshop details launched
		

shapa are holding the 12 th digital marketing workshop, this highly successful event helps keep pace with the latest developments in digital marketing. the event is exclusively for member companies and covers, whats new in digital marketing, google analytics, online advertising, and your digital marketing toolbox to name but a few of the areas to be covered...
 

	grinding out the right solution 
size reduction is one of the oldest processes known to man from before 
	time when grains were pounded and ground to make flour. size reduction 
	machines still mill harvested materials but also a vast variety of other 
	food, chemical, pharmaceutical and mined materials too... 
merry christmas 

2020 solids handling industry awards 
	are now open 
the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to 
		announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and 
		achievement across our collective industries,  are now open to all 
		companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are 
		directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry. this exciting opportunity will comprise awards in four categories: 
		the innovation award, the export award, the newcomer award and the shapa 
		company of the year award...
shapa welcomes their new arkwright student
shapa council member james podevyn and ian birkinshaw attended the 
	arkwright scholarship presentation event in edinburgh to welcome our new 
	arkwright scholar theo cains to the association 


 
explosion safety revisited 


	over the past months the shapa technical committee have reviewed the 
	information available and updated the advice given in the two publications 
	within the shapa technical library available at
	
	https://www.shapa.co.uk/technical.php these being compliance with 
	legislation implementing the atex directive and an atex powerpoint 
	presentation....
dust 
	extraction systems 
wherever solid particulates are handled, processed, stored or are 
	created, as a bi product of a process such as machining or finishing, dust 
	is usually generated.this dust needs to be controlled to prevent risks 
	to health and environmental damage...
the new shapa supplement now available
	
always in control 
industry 4.0 is reported to be the next major revolution in 
	industrialisation. the main focus is to take all the individual processes 
	and systems that are used in manufacturing to manage and control production, 
	and import them into a cloud-based system this allows the workflow, product 
	changes and the management of each and every individual machine or a series 
	of machines can be controlled remotely...
sucess for georgina 
georgina edwards, shapas arkwright scholar has sucessfully passed her a 
	levels with flying colours and is now bound for loughborough university to 
	continue on with her studies. we wish her well in the future and pass on our 
	congratulations and best wishes. 


	shapa and santander trade mission 
shapa has been working with santander to help organise a world food india 
	19 trade mission to take place on the 1- 4th november 2019, for more 
	information please download the flyer
	
	here  
materials in motion 
most products at some stage of their life during production or 
	manufacture, utilise materials in powder or granulated form. this is where 
	the challenge can be for the designers of equipment and processes to move 
	these types of materials from place to place, horizontally, vertically or 
	somewhere in between. the conveyor or elevator designer must consider a 
	multitude of parameters, probably more than twenty in their pursuit of the 
	most effective solution....
shapa announces the 
	winners of the 2019 solids handling industry awards 
open and shut case
	


	there are many types of valves used within the bulk handling industry for 
	controlling, conditioning or diverting the flow of powders or liquids. there 
	are three main types of valves, these being shut off, diverter and rotary 
	valves. 
solids handling awards - shortlist
	 
2019 has once again been an excellent year for the 
	solids handling industry with many successes in all areas of solids and 
	material handling, these successes have produced a strong shortlist for each 
	of this years award categories. this year the award categories are, solids 
	handling export award, solids handling innovation award, solids handling 
	newcomer award and solids handling company of the year award. the 
	shortlisted nominations for each award category are:-


	solids handling industry awards dinner
bookings are now being taken for the 2019 solids handling industry awards 
	evening. this year the awards are being held at the royal armouries in leeds 
	on the evening of the 8th may. once again one delegate from each member 
	company can attend the agm and dinner free of charge, with additional 
	delegates paying a nominal fee to cover the evening meal.   
	these awards are going from strength and this years nominations have been 
	among the best that we have received. after the award presentations we will 
	be entertained by local comedian brian newbold who comes highly recommended. 
	there are still places available for this chance to celebrate the best in 
	our industry and network with your friends and colleagues. once again the 
	dinner is open to members, their spouses, partners, customers and suppliers. 
	so don’t miss out on this great opportunity just complete the booking form 
	to guarantee your place   please follow the link to 
	download the
	
	agm and awards dinner booking form

shapa celebrates international women's day
shapa is proud to be involved with international women’s day on the 8th march to celebrate and promote successes in the world of solids handling and processing. international women’s day provides a spotlight to showcase the commitment to women's equality, launch new initiatives and action, celebrate women's achievements, raise awareness, highlight gender parity gains and more.
see the full story here


magnetic attraction 
		
most common manufacturing applications have a requirement for the use of industrial metal detection systems for the inspection of bulk powders, granular or free flowing products. this is common place within the majority of most food, pharmaceutical and o.e.m applications where metal detection systems are used as part of a quality control programme.


getting the mix right
the terminology ‘mixing’ and ‘blending’ is often grouped together as the same process, technically they are slightly different. the process of blending is the homogenous distribution of differing materials and is usually a relatively gentle process. whereas mixing is usually a more aggressive process involving the combining of materials through the beating or stirring of the contents within a static vessel...


safety of machinery and ce marking for machinery workshop details launched 
		
shapa are holding the workshop to give designers of machinery the knowledge and tools to design safe machinery in accordance with current machinery and associated directives. it will also include a section on any implications as a result of the brexit agreements...


11th digital marketing workshop details launched

shapa are holding the 11 th digital marketing workshop, this highly successful event helps keep pace with the latest developments in digital marketing. the event is exclusively for member companies and covers, whats new in digital marketing, google analytics, online advertising, and your digital marketing toolbox to name but a few of the areas to be covered...


16th jan 2019 shapa general meeting - agenda
agenda for the shapa general meeting- wednesday 16th january 2019 at 10:00 am
the george hotellichfieldws13 6pr1. apologies for absence2. minutes and matters arising3. general secretary’s and membership report4. chairman’s report 
		5. technical committee report6. marketing committee report 
7. coffee8. presentations     imagineering – a new project 
		    bob shanks - imagineering foundation    maximising your 	innovations 
		    tony cassidy- the mpa group 9.   aob – and dates of next meetings 
		10. buffet lunch


merry christmas 




2019 solids handling industry awards are now open for nominations 
		


the solids handling & processing association (shapa) are delighted to announce that the annual solids handling awards to promote success and achievement across our collective industries, that are open to all companies registered in uk, whether shapa members or not, who are directly involved in the solids handling and processing industry...



2019 solids handling industry awards open on the 1st december 2018
the 2019 solids handling industry awards are oepn form the 1st december 2018, the catagories are innovation, export, newcomer and company of the year. this year the awards ceremony will be held at the royal armories in leeds on the 8th may 2019. don't miss out on these prestigious awards 
		
download the application form today.tthe closing date for entries is the 28th feburary 2019.  
		



exhibitionists 
as this year’s exhibition season is now ending it is very heartening to see that despite competition from other media, internet and so on, the physical exhibition remains an important marketing tool. three of the exhibitions held this autumn, recycled waste management (rwm), ppma and bulkex18 for bulk handling equipment providers and processors demonstrated the wide reach of our remit, from raw material production, via processing and manufacture, packaging and distribution through to final recycling and waste disposal...


digital marketing workshop 2019
the date for the next digital marketing workshop has been announced as the 26th march 2019 at the east midlands hilton hotel more details to follow.



shapa general meeting 24th october george hotel lichfield


iintroduction to bulk handling workshop

shapa is running a new introduction to bulk handling workshop to be held at nestle in york on the 4th december 2018. this workshop is specifically designed to take some of the mystique out of solids and bulk handling...the course whichis aimed at those who have just joined the bulk handling community and those who already work in the bulk handling industry in sales, marketing, accounts and operations etc. who feel that they need a deeper understanding of howtheir products and services fit into the wider environment....


better by design
it is well known that an elegant design that works reliably is devoid of baulking obstructions and ambiguities and is simple to understand and operate. it is, of necessity, the result of ingenuity, experience, good applied science and engineering....


safe to breathe
for more than a century there have been efforts to improve air quality in the working environment, both in enclosed factories and other industrial areas. even with scant knowledge of respiratory diseases it had been clear that people were more productive in a cleaner and better environment....
 


shapa announces the award catagories for 2019
the catagories for the 2019 solids handling industry awards have been finalised, these are, innovation, export, newcomer and company of the year. the presentation of the awards will be on the 30th april 2019. a venue will be announced shortly  
		
 



hoppers, silos and storage solutions

it used to be that all you needed to store your materials was a large area where your product could be piled high on top of its self out in the open air. as time has moved 
		forward the need for more sophisticated storage solutions are required in order to safely store the ever-increasing range of bulk solid materials with their differing properties .....




shapa july general meeting 
the next shapa general meeting is on the 4th july at the george hotel lichfield download the agenda here
 


and the winners of the 2018 solids handling awards are:


shapa's arkwright student posts her latest blog 
what an incredible experience competing at the national finals of the f1 in schools competition. throughout 2 days of intense competition and jam packed action, ginetta racing edu earnt the ‘team sponsorship and marketing’ award, as well as being nominated for the ‘pit display’ and ‘innovation’ awards, and having the second fastest car! 
		read the full article here 
		


promoting success
since time immemorial progress has been driven by innovation and invention and the desire to continually improve and better ones self. the desire to learn, improve and push at boundaries is an integral part of our nature. whilst innovation in solids handling and processing seldom hits the headlines, it nonetheless drives the machinery of progress across an enormous range of industries.....
 



shapa announces the 2018 solids handling shortlisted finalists

2018 has been an excellent year for the solids handling industry with many successes in all areas of solids handling, these successes have produced a strong shortlist for each of the award categories. this year the sortlisted entrys are 
		....
10th anniversary digital marketing workshop
details of the 10th annual digital marketing workshop have been released,download the flyer for the event here and a 
		booking form to make sure you do not miss out on this vital workshop which will give you the tools to improve your digital marketing profile


health of the nation
the need for solid health and safety systems procedures and practices is more important than ever as we move out of the european and customs union into world trade organisation rules for the global market read 
		more here....


only three weeks left to enter the 2018 solids handling industry awards - dont miss out 
		


learning to succeed
many companies are founded on the back of an innovative idea by forward thinking people skilled in design, engineering, project management, marketing or other discipline. whilst still small, the skills required to operate all aspects may possibly be gained by the founder. in former, less complicated times this may have been true as the firm expanded, but the pace of change of technology, standards and legislation as well as in marketing and particularly in financial accounting necessitates constant learning and improvement. the huge range of applications and processes served by our industry just adds to this challenge.....

shapa's arkwright student posts her second blog

reaching the end of a very busy christmas term, we have lots to look back on, such as assisting backstage with the school play and christmas concert, as well as designing and manufacturing the f1 in schools car....



shapa january meeting

the next general meeting will be held on the 24th january at the george hotel in lichfield starting at 10:00find out about oee and gdpr, along with all the usual networking oppertunities.for more details email ian at 
		info@shapa.co.uk and download the 
		agenda 




applications are invited for the 2018 solids handling industry awards 
		

shapa has launched the 2018 solids handling industry awards, these awards are now open to all uk registered member and non member companies and institutions operating in the solids handling and processing industry. application forms will be  available direct from the website from 01/12/2017 and winners will be announced and presented at the awards ceremony in the evening of 17th april 2018 more information is available in the 
		link



2018 solids handling industry awards

details of the award catagories and award launch date have been announced, for further information follow the 
		link


solids dortmund 2018
details have been released regarding the international solids handling show to be held in dortmund on the 7th and 8th november 2018, for more information please follow the 
		 link


chops 2018 
**abstracts deadline extended to 22-12-17 ** for more information follow the 
		link



financial awarness training 
this course has been especially designed for shapa members and will include content specifically related to our industry
who should attend ?anyone involved in driving their business forward e.g managing directors, directors/managers & account managers etc , whatever their level of financial knowledge. the workshop is designed to enable everyone to take away practical tips and strategic insight suitable to their skills and experience, whether you are a beginner, intermediate or advanced. so join us for and inspiring and enjoyable day out.
download the detailedinformation and a 
		booking form,today
if you can return these back to info@shapa.co.uk  as soon as possible so i can make the necessary arrangements and  if you feel 	that this course would help with someone in your close supply chain please feel free to include them.




















email:

info@shapa.co.uktelephone:
01904 373040 





home
about us
equipment finder
news
members
technical
contact







top





