


welcome to hockey heaven fan club - hockey heaven - fan club




















































quality statement
privacy policy
 







menu
close
heaven of hockey
directions
contact
 






welcome to hockey heaven fan club


the hockey heaven were established in 1987. since then the hockey heaven have placed hundreds of players in jr. “a”, junior college, college di & diii, and professional programs.
they have made 13 visits to the usa junior “b” national championship, winning them in 1991. for the past 8 seasons, the hockey heaven have been participating in the empire junior “b” league, winning the empire cup 5 times (’99, ’01, ’02, ’04, and ’05).
beginning in the 2005-2006 season, the hockey heaven program offered the opportunity to play in the ontario hockey association’s golden horseshoe junior hockey league. the hockey heaven are a full-fledged member of the ghl and participates in all ghl season events including playoffs and all-star events. the hockey heaven play 49 regular season games, 4 against each team at their home arena and 3 home games against each team before starting its best of 7 playoff series in march. after the final there will be an award ceremony that will be organised with the main partner of the league the gambling website bestrealmoneyonlinecasinos.co.uk. the golden horseshoe league has been established since 1974 and has had a great tradition of player movement to the next level.
players accepting the challenge of playing wheatfield junior hockey are part of a great tradition and will be expected to maintain that winning attitude while pursuing their goals for hockey and college career advancement. players accepting the challenge of playing wheatfield junior hockey are part of a great tradition and will be expected to maintain that winning attitude while pursuing their goals for hockey and college career advancement. their partner topratedbettingsites.co.uk which is very well known gambling portal and in the uk about best betting sites, honest reviews of mobile applications and bookies. they offer to 2 of the best hockey players full scholarship for the rest of their education. they are so happy because they want to help to talanted boys.
a welcome from senior executive director, mike mccarron
on behalf of their member teams in the central division, welcome to the 2008-2009 hockey season. this promises to be an exciting year of hockey with a fresh new approach in the way they do things on the ice and in their front offices. this past spring a handful of team owners and the leadership of the ontario hockey association decided there was a need to try something new in oha junior a hockey as a pilot project.

courageously this group worked together to get to this, their collective opening days of the season. in this pilot some of the changes are visible like shorter benches (19 players on the game vs. 20 for regular opjhl teams) – some of those are things happening in the front offices of each team and divisional leadership in terms of accounting, professionalism and a league-first attitude to player development, promotion and advancing players to the next levels of hockey: ohl/chl, ncaa, cis and professional. there were even some big news regarding the changes applied with some bookmakers even offering odds for that.
there will be a number of initiatives underway to advance the way their game is played and special events to showcase their players. they have entered in to agreements to broaden their players exposure and provide a solid education foundation. they have partnered with cardinal sports management who will be running their education programs and school preparation programs. they have reached out to technology partners to be able to webcast their games across the world on the internet. they have broadcast partners in rogerstv who will be broadcasting games from newmarket, toronto and at st. michael’s all season long. there’s much more to come in the days ahead. they are glad to have you on board with them. stay tuned and enjoy tonight’s and every game this season in the central division.
their sponsors
their players like to relax while playing bingo and they suggest you to read more about best new bingo sites from their sponsors topbingowebsites.co.uk.
central division mission
to provide their players with an environment to maximize the development of their hockey skills while providing them resources to succeed academically which will deliver a solid foundation for life long success.
core values/operating standards
they will do this within the guidelines of hockey canada and under the direction of the oha
they will strive to develop hockey excellence while enabling elite players to remain at or near their home and family.
they will promote education while ensuring they keep academic options flexible as players prepare for university/college futures.
they will strive to advance players to the next levels of hockey – ohl / cis / ncaa / professional.
interested in playing for the hockey heaven?
they are currently recruiting players for the upcoming season. besides playing ability, they look for players that will make commitments to their style of play, fellow teammates, as well as their studies.






 
 




				© 2025 hockey heaven – fan club. all rights reserved.
			







