































welcome to swh corona regional medical center | corona, ca













skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


951-737-4343951-737-4343



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: behavioral health services 
blood bank 
cardiology 
diabetes management 
diagnostic imaging 
emergency services 
gastroenterology 
home health services 
hospice care 
intensive care unit 
laboratory services 
obstetrics 
occupational and physical therapy 
orthopedic and total joint care center 
pharmacy services 
pulmonology 
skilled nursing services and subacute care 
speech-language pathology service 
spine services 
stroke services 
surgery 
weight-loss surgery 
wound care center 


patients & visitors patient services: patient information 
online registration – regie 
health records online 
phone directory 
speak up 
language assistance 
quality reporting 
price guide 
health equity 
medical records 
no surprises act 
nominate a caregiver 

billing and insurance: online bill pay 
help paying your bill 
your hospital bill 
accepted health plans 
health insurance marketplace 

visitors: visiting hours 
directions and maps 
send note to patient 
visiting hours 


events events: event calendar 
parenting and childbirth classes 
seminars and lectures 
support groups 

programs: volunteer opportunities 
care for those 55 and better, close to home 


about about us ask the ceo 
awards and accreditations 
news 
hospital leadership and board of directors 
contact us 

resources blog 
podcasts 
community resources 
health risk assessments 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 

























    4 min.  

    view er wait time  








          er wait time
        
  
4 min.er at corona regional medical centerview map

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.






















          swh corona regional medical center  is one of america’s safest hospitals 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	access your medical records	    












	    	graduate medical education	    












recognized for excellence

	by u.s. news & world report
in heart attack care 















  
   
health risk assessments at swh corona regional medical center
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
start your assessment now


    
   
are you a candidate for weight-loss surgery?
this assessment can help determine if weight-loss surgery is right for you.
start your assessment now


    
   
keeping your heart healthy
corona is approved and licensed as a percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) facility.
learn more about cardiology


 


previous next 








































corona regional medical center earns an "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group

corona regional medical center earns an "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group
the grade is based on over 30 performance measures reflecting errors, accidents, injuries and infections, as well as the systems hospitals have in...
read 

corona regional medical center announces new chief executive officer

corona regional medical center announces new chief executive officer
alistair machoka, mba/mha, has over 20 years of progressive healthcare experience, including eight years at hospitals operated by parent company...
read 

corona regional medical center named to u.s. news & world report 2024 best hospitals for maternity care

corona regional medical center named to u.s. news & world report 2024 best hospitals for maternity care
this is the second consecutive year corona regional medical center has received this designation.
read 




blog


at the  corona regional medical center blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


the right place at the right time

the right place at the right time january 30, 2025 
	dan perkins thought his kidney stones would pass uneventfully. he was wrong, and it turned into a life-or-death situation. he shares his story and how his life was saved at crmc. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 20, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 20, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at corona regional medical center

0

                    physicians                


0

                    employees                


0

                    active volunteers                




 
















swh corona regional medical center800 south main street, corona, ca 92882951-737-4343951-737-4343 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
regie
apex heart specialists



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	corona regional medical center® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs) , a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither corona regional medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.

dhcs website where sud licensing information can be found.





hipaa notice of privacy practices
 language assistance
nondiscrimination notice
physician disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
accessibility statement
price transparency
help paying your bill
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 corona regional medical center. all rights reserved.














