







military time · 24 hour dial · 24 hr watches: aaa watchclub


























 
 view cart   checkout 
hard to find military watches: 24 hr watches and more...   

menu


home
24 hour watches   ▾

24 hour dial
24 hour - date
24 hour - date/gold
24 hour dual time
24 hour alpha series
personalized watches


more watches   ▾

chronograph
mechanical ▸

alarm
dualtime
diver
auto-winding


dualtime ▸

multi-timezone
dualtime alarm
triple-timezone


led style
thermometer
customized watches


military time
contact us








life is experienced by time -- 24-hours each day make your own statement watches that tell more than just time!24 hr watches with real 24 hr dial





most popular - fortã© exclusive label - 24 hour watches:
 living in the zone of 24 hours - this is the theme of our own brand design. featuring real 24 hour military time quartz movements -- the quality watch whose hour hand goes around the dial only once a day while regular watches make 2 rotations around the dial daily). watches unique in craftsmanship, design and function -- affordably priced. enjoy! 


24-hour - alpha series
see entire collection


24 hr date - 2000 series
see entire collection 


24 hour - 1000 series
see entire collection




by popular request  - 24 hr dial watches:
 over the years we've received repeat requests from individual customers, from the united states to europe, wishing to purchase just 1 or 2. now you can! military watches with unique swiss 24 hr quartz movement. you - our valued customers - asked for them, and now they are available to you. choose from different dial layouts with "12", "24", or "00" at top (alpha series only). take advantage of our volume and collectors discounts: 10 - 15% rebate offered when you purchase more than 2 or 3 pieces from designated collections. 


24 hr date - 2000 gold

see entire collection


military time - dress
see entire collection 


24 hour - dual time series
see entire collection




emergency services  - military time watches:
 we thank our customers who work in emergency services for their positive comments regarding the usefulness of our fortã© watches with 24 hour dial in their daily work. our nurse and emt customers appreciate the sweep second hand for accurate seconds measurement. our police, firemen, security services, utility worker and law enforcement customers appreciate the big, luminous (glow-in-the-dark) numbers and hands. 


ladies military watches
see entire collection 


military watches - casual
see entire collection 


nurse military watches
see entire collection 




popular request - update:
 1000-series & 2000-series collections now feature new models with silicone strap. new 1000-series models now with silicone strap and ultra cool dome glass. you asked - we delivered. if you don't see what you want here, make a request. we're always happy to hear from you :)




2000 series
our original fortã© 2000 series design with 38mm case and date featured two models with compass strap. what's new? rubber compass strap now replaced by a durable, black silicone strap whose sporty yet elegant style is suitable for formal and informal occasions, casual or dress wear, day or evening. 
					see new models


1000 series
for smaller wrists -- our fortã© 1000 series design with 31.75mm case (1003 series) or 34.9mm case (1039 series) feature a unisex case size perfect for men and women with smaller wrist sizes. what's new? 1039 series rubber compass strap now replaced with a stylish, durable, black silicone strap. perfect for wearing day or night, at work, while active or socializing, or for those special nights out. 
					see new models






special function watches:
 mechanical wrist watches are little masterpieces ...but with unique alarm-function... a collectors dream. the dual-time-zone watch is designed for pleasing the eyes: elegance and timeless design. the diver style watch: but the price... unbeaten. this is our way to make sure you can buy high-quality watches without spending a fortune. wear our watches and you'll smile :-) 




alarm mechanical
alarm sounds (duration 10 secs) at the time set by the wearer. the quality alone makes this mechanical hand winding watch quite a bargain. powered by a robust high quality russian mechanical movement (2612.1) with 18 ruby jewels.  no battery needed - ever. up to 35 hour power reserve.
see entire collection






automatic dual-time
luxury jumbo watch (xxl size 48.5mm diameter) with 2 time zones. driven by 2 movements - superb self winding automatic and excellent quartz with longlife battery. traveler's first choice - luxury auto winding dual-time-zone watches. 36 hour reserve time automatic movement after full winding.
see entire collection






jumbo triple timezone
the international watch with three time zones. these xxl ( > 50mm) sized timepieces define the fusion of function & design. choose the rose gold model (shown at left) featuring an elegant tonneau style case with 12 & 24 hour time zones, 24 hour subdial and 24 hour flyback retrograde functions. or, pamper yourself with the bold "bling bling" model with swarovski faux diamonds known the world over -- plus a pitch black dial featuring 3 silver textured sub-dials.
see entire collection






special function watches update:
analog digital watches with persistent beep alarm - 20 second duration. led style watches - the look of pure led. the diver style watch: but the price... unbeaten. this is our way to make sure you can buy high-quality watches without spending a fortune. wear our watches and you'll smile :-) 


alarm ana-digi
see entire collection


led style
see entire collection 


diver - auto winding
see entire collection 




luxurious elegance. designer quality:
  our watches have many of the same features as found in watches 10x the price: sapphire crystal glass - a standard feature of cartier. the dual-time-zone watch is designed for pleasing the eyes: elegance and timeless design. extra slim titanium watches, dual time international and stainless steel chronograph watches. 
       	


triple timezone
see entire collection


dual time int.
see entire collection 


chronograph
see entire collection 






24 hour
also known as military time. the watch hour hand make only 1 revolution around the dial per 24 hour period. 


led style
the look of pure led. lots of stylish models to choose from. combines led and lcd technology to produce a watch that offers extremely high efficiency and long life! 


automatic
no battery needed. self winding mocement. the watch is wound by the motion of the wearer's arm rather than through turning the winding stem. a rotor that turns in response to motion winds the watch's mainspring. 


dual time international
know, at any given moment, the time in 2 different time zones. new york & paris? miami & rio de janeiro?  or perhaps chicago & mexico city? and for you -- you decide! 


diver style
the perfect diving watch at 10 atm / 330 feet water resistant. it's also self winding. so you won't need a battery! 


thermometer
each watch has an integrated thermometer that measures temperature in both farenheit and celsius.  as an added bonus, the driver models featured here have a special tire pattern strap and driver theme dial. 


chronograph
designer watches. high quality full stainless steel chronograph watches. professional - 10 atm water resistant. available here at up to 60% savings over other brand name prices. 




see what is trending
bestsellers


what is new and special offers
  on sale  



↑




support

order form
order terms
shipping
returns
member area
coupon codes
shopping store



information

warranties
sitemap
about us
privacy policy
terms of use
disclaimer & copyright



resources

faq
watch glossery
useful resources
archives
clearance section
become an affiliate



companyfotowatch (aaa watch club) 205 n. michigan ave. suite 810 60601 chicago, illinois tel:   +1 (312) 280-1388
join our mailing list


© copyright 1999 by fotowatch. all rights reserved.






