











department of medical physics – university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health – uw–madison

















































 


skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of medical physics

university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





research
expand


collapse



imaging research
therapy research
research – all


education & training
expand


collapse



graduate program
radiological sciences training grant
residency in medical imaging physics
assure
entrepreneurship
industry & internships


services
people
expand


collapse



faculty
administration
students


climate & diversity
 



intranet
research portal
about us
alumni & friends
contact us
make a gift
 





professor tim hall retires after 22 years. 

                  read more                






 


department of medical physics




medical physics was established as a specialty focus within the university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health, creating the first and only basic science department of medical physics of its kind in the country. faculty within the department have a scholarly focus on discoveries and inventions in imaging and therapy systems, that lead to scientific translation into clinical trials or to industrial translation to create products through collaboration or via new venture entrepreneurship. medical physics is led by 30 core faculty with 35 affiliate and 14 emeritus faculty members, with many having joint appointments in clinical departments such as radiology and human (radiation) oncology.
with an annual enrolled cohort of approximately 90 graduate students, the department is home to the largest group of medical physics doctoral students in the united states and the world, providing an accredited degree from the commission on accreditation of medical physics educational programs (campep). the training curriculum provides perhaps the deepest and most extensive training available in the physics and engineering of diagnostic and therapeutic systems. the research focus of the department is the signature feature that leads students towards being national leaders, with expertise in their chosen area of focus. in the decades since formation, department alumni have gone on to lead many institutions throughout the country in aspects of medical physics.

 
 
 
 


quick links







            assure          



            graduate program          



            residency          



            research          



 
 
 
 




seminars
join us on mondays from 4-5 p.m., for our weekly seminar series.

feb. 10 – jacob scott, md, dphil
feb. 17 – john garrett, phd, dabr
feb. 24 – kathleen m. schmainda, phd
march 3 – michael veronesi, md, phd

seminars

 



news

2/18/25 – professor tim hall retires, leaving a lasting impact on quantitative ultrasound
2/6/25 – what we published in january
1/7/25 – what we published in december
12/16/24 – winter 2024 graduate spotlight
12/5/24 – first-of-its-kind flash radiation therapy trial begins at uw-madison
12/4/24 – what we published in november
11/13/2024 – human stem cell-derived heart cells are safe in monkeys, could treat congenital heart disease
11/1/2024 – what we published in october
11/1/24 – from ideas to impact: thomas lilieholm selected for entrepreneurial fellowship program
10/28/24 – from kosovo to madison, bujar mehmeti pursues his phd across the world at the department of medical physics
10/8/24 – medical physics welcomes next residency director


 
 
 
 






our researchuw-madison ranks 6th in the national research rankings reporting over $1.7 billion in annual expenditures last year. in medical physics, our research mission is to develop solutions for accurate diagnosis and optimized treatment of human disease.



            research  areas
more

 











support medical physicsthrough gifts to the department of medical physics, donors are making a real difference in the lives of students. 



            make a  gift
more

 








 
 
 
 








university logo that links to main university website












































 


useful links
faculty
graduate program
residency in medical imaging physics
research
services
 

about us
contact us
about us
make a gift
 

contact us1111 highland ave, rm 1005
madison, wi 53705-2275
fax: 608-262-2413 

 map
map marker


phone: 608-265-6116

facebook


instagram


x twitter


linkedin

 

© 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











