     new & used ford car dealer in wiscasset, me | wiscasset ford                               




                                              wiscasset ford        sales 207-882-9431    service 207-882-9431  parts 207-882-9431      route 1wiscasset, me 04578                           service        map        contact                       wiscasset ford                 call 207-882-9431   directions                       new   search inventory   value your trade   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under $20k   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   ford blue advantage program   motortrend certified dealer   why buy used?     finance   apply for financing    our finance department   trade in with us   buying v. leasing     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials    order parts   ford recall information   pickup and delivery     sell/trade   specials   new specials   discounted vehicles   used specials   service & parts specials   ford discount programs     research   research   why buy ford?   keepin' it new for you advantage program   the deal jacket: what's in it?   online car buying guide   is now a good time to buy a car?   advantages of buying a new car vs. used   ford upgrades     about us   about wiscasset ford   why buy from wiscasset ford?   no dealer fees guaranteed   in the community   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   contact us                     home   new   search inventory   value your trade   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under $20k   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   ford blue advantage program   motortrend certified dealer   why buy used?     finance   apply for financing    our finance department   trade in with us   buying v. leasing     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials    order parts   ford recall information   pickup and delivery     sell/trade   specials   new specials   discounted vehicles   used specials   service & parts specials   ford discount programs     research   research   why buy ford?   keepin' it new for you advantage program   the deal jacket: what's in it?   online car buying guide   is now a good time to buy a car?   advantages of buying a new car vs. used   ford upgrades     about us   about wiscasset ford   why buy from wiscasset ford?   no dealer fees guaranteed   in the community   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   contact us               
       disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                    











inventory




inventory




 new inventory





 used inventory





 schedule service





 value your trade













service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and
certified.




service





schedule





specials













     search new inventory     search used inventory        



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





super duty





f-150

 


bronco





bronco sport





explorer





mustang





mach-e





escape





edge

 


expedition

 


f-150 lightning





maverick





ranger

 


e-transit





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory



     




finance









value your trade









schedule test drive






     

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 50 straight years.

since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons:
rock-solid durability. up-to-the-nanosecond technology. and jaw-dropping capability. leading the way for 40
straight years is grueling, intense and tough. yeah. just the way f-series likes it.

view inventory




             


a car you can call new

we call it ford certified pre-owned (cpo). you'll call it peace of mind. that's because every cpo vehicle comes with a 172-point inspection, carfax® vehicle history report, and comprehensive and powertrain limited warranties. there's added value to a ford certified pre-owned vehicle.

shop certified





     

wiscasset ford
ford dealer in wiscasset, me

providing quality new and used cars at fair prices is what car dealerships are known for. but here at wiscasset ford, your ford dealer in maine, we like to think we do much more than that. we are proud members of the wiscasset community, so it's like you are coming to see family when you stop in. we treat every customer with the greatest level of respect. so yes, you can get quality new and used cars in wiscasset, me, along with service specials. we are happy to see you, whether you have business to do with us or not. seeing the smiling faces of the people of wiscasset and the surrounding areas is what keeps us going strong year after year!
more about us


        sales hours     monday 8:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm     saturday 8:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed              although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license fees. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures wiscasset ford | route 1, wiscasset, me 04578 | sales: 207-882-9431 |                





























                   