

 



taxproblemsrus - matthew j. previte cpa pc | framingham, ma





















































































taxproblemsrusmatthew j. previte cpa pc | framingham, ma creating peace of mind by solving your tax problems
call 877-259-8200

home
about us

matthew previte cpa mst
natalya pereira ea


solutions to your irs problems

unfiled tax returns
unpaid taxes
federal tax liens
irs levies
irs seizures
due process hearings
irs collection appeals
irs audits
payroll tax problems
freedom of information act


success stories

video testimonials
testimonial letters


faq videos
news/blog

in the news
tax problem resolution blog


client access
contact us

do i need a tax attorney?

not unless you have a criminal tax matter. just like a tax attorney, our firm can represent you in any civil tax matter.
 

call toll-free 877-259-8200 for help today!

taxproblemsrus: the hope you need - the help you can count on

you don't need a tax attorney




















contact us via this form below to get our fast, focused and experienced team on your side.

name*


first



last

email*

phone*how can we help you?captcha
 








δ


you don't necessarily need a tax attorney

we are a small massachusetts tax representation firm consisting of licensed professionals offering prompt personal service and lots of attention. resolving irs and state tax problems is all that we do, year round. we represent clients in all 50 states. representation before the irs and state taxing authorities is performed by fax, phone, us mail, email, and fed ex. as a result, there is no need to physically meet with our clients and we rarely if ever have to meet with the government in person.
put our knowledge to work for you
it is said that knowledge is power. without thorough knowledge of how the irs or state taxing authorities work and thorough knowledge of federal and state tax law, you have no power. as a result, its easy to end up with a horrible outcome that can destroy your life and leave you awake nights unable to sleep.
 free videos answering top irsand state tax issue questions
over 27 years of knowledge and experience
our licensed tax professionals are extremely experienced and fully accessible. we have extensive knowledge of internal irs and state operating procedures as well as federal and state tax law. our long term relationships and daily interactions with irs and state tax officials provide a superior level of expertise not found in conventional cpa firms, law firms, or tax preparation firms.

create peace of mind by solving your tax problems
avoid the stress of going it alone. avoid more sleepless nights. our firm has been representing clients with tax problems for over 27 years. let our knowledge and experience work for you. call us today for a confidential consultation to discuss resolution of your tax problems with an experienced licensed tax professional.

what our clients say

 more video testimonials
testimonial letters
salesman buys time and gets some breathing roomjoe owed the irs about $25,000 and was experiencing severe financial hardship. the irs had levied his paycheck and left almost nothing for his family to live on. the tax bill … [read more...]author gets short reprieve from $170,000 tax problemchris was at wits end about his irs problem. the stress and anxiety of having such a massive tax debt hanging over his head gnawed at him night and day causing him many … [read more...]anguished 30 year retailer avoids ma dor seizure and bank foreclosurehenry was at the end of his rope. mounting pressure from his bank to pay the delinquent balance of his business loan was beginning to become unbearable. he had already … [read more...]more success stories call or contact us now for a free confidential consultation to discuss solutions to end your irs and state tax problems. while in office consultations are preferred, telephone consultations are also available for your convenience. fee estimates for any services required are provided at the end of the consultation.
matthew j. previte cpa pc
1671 worcester road, suite 102
framingham ma 01701
(508) 653-5212/(877) 259-8200
hours: mon – fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm


agencies

internal revenue service
massachusetts department of revenue
state taxing agencies (all 50 states)
united states tax court


legal resources

internal revenue code
massachusetts code of regulations
massachusetts general law
united states bankruptcy code


credit agencies

equifax
experian
trans union


follow us!

our newsroom

in the news

tax problem resolution blog

tax problem resolution success stories

tax problems: help videos




privacy policy
copyright © 2023 · matthew j. previte cpa pc | 1671 worcester road, suite 102, framingham ma 01701 | (877) 259-8200  · all rights reserved 





















