




 


mendota rowing club - home










log in



























remember me
forgot password









 




















home




about



board of directors



roles







coaches




contact




events




news







programs



schedules and calendar



practice schedule




calendar







join



join - adult membersips




join - junior memberships




boat rack rentals







learn to row



middle and high school learn to row




adult learn to row




instructors




learn to row day




private lessons







youth rowing and sculling



high school rowing




middle school rowing







adult rowing and sculling



novice rowing




competitive rowing




advanced rowing




recreational rowing




sculling







cross training



winter training







team building







resources



safety



traffic pattern




safesport







swim tests




bylaws




mrc rules and youth handbook




our fleet




videos







donate



donate page




boat naming







members



welcome packet




update profile










home



tanks sessions for experienced rowers and currently-enrolled students

contact head coach heather swan or info@mendotarowingclub.com for more information
 
winter programming for adults (18+)

mendota rowing club never hibernates! join us indoors to learn skills that will help you gain fitness, and will give you a head start for a 2025 learn to row class when registration for on-the-water classes opens in spring. registered attendees will be invited to a special intro session at the uw porter boathouse tanks (shown here). new students who become winter members can continue rowing indoor workouts with club coaches.winter rowing class (18+)this is a three-meeting class that is oriented to the never-rower who wants a head start when learn to row classes in boats start in spring. attendees will be invited to a special intro session at the uw porter boathouse tanks. attendees will also enjoy a discount on winter monthly membership, and 2025 learn to row class fees.registration for this class has closed.

mrc vision and mission

our vision - rowing for all
our mission - to cultivate an engaging and welcoming environment where people come together to learn, explore, grow and compete in the sport of rowing 
non-discrimination statement -  we are committed to growing diversity, providing equal opportunity, and intentionally creating environments where differences are embraced and everyone feels welcome, respected, supported, and valued to fully participate.  we do not tolerate discrimination based on race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or age. 










masters rowing

join the masters team   adult learn to row      

youth rowing

join the youth team  youth learn to row 

coaches wanted

mrc employment    youth coaches needed. join our team!
 








































































next board meeting

tuesday jan 14 at 6:30pm
current members are welcome to attend our board meetings. 
if you would like to include any item on the agenda, please contact the club president at least 3 days prior to the meeting.
changes to the meeting day or time will be posted here.
presentation.pdf from the 2024 annual general meeting.
 
partners and sponsors
 










 















site search











site map

contact us:info@mendotarowingclub.com

mailing address:po box 646madison, wi 53701boathouse address:622 e gorham st
madison, wi















 
©2023 mendota rowing club











powered by wild apricot membership software






g-c64f4rm4jm



 


