





custom web pages design by boer goat herders for goat farms





























































































web page design 
 


notice:
ccfdesign.com is no longer creating new web sites. the high cost of technology has made this business no longer profitable. i would like to thank all of the clients who i developed sites for and wish them all the best of luck

 





payments accepted:

services offered
click the links to read more about each service 


web page design / redesign


web page hosting


domain name registration (free)*  /
                                renewal  / management 


web site maintenance

secure database administration area for real time management 

search engine optimization (free +)


search engine submission (free +)


contact / mail forms (free)


marketing and advising (free +)


graphic design (image cropping, editing,
                                    and optimization) (free)


custom 404 error pages (free)


favicons (favorites icons) (free)

fast loading sites (free)

database driven sites


logo design


shopping carts


the price for  a custom web site is very
                              competitive.
                            
                                     i recently did market research
                                    comparing web designers in the small farm (specifically boer goat) market and found that my rates
                                    are superior when compared to my main competitors.  click
                                    here for more information, including a chart comparison within the boer goat market .
* first two years free with annual maintenance plan 


 






click here to see a list of
                              the things that make me leave a web site (a
                              lesson in web site design principles) 







you can use the buttons at the top and on your left to assist in your navigation of this section. details
                            about those buttons are below.





web design home

this page.



price list

a table with all of the prices of the services offered.



web design services

details of the services, with explanations and links to examples.


contact
a form for you to fill out to request more information or provide comments.


frequently asked questions 
this page answers most of the questions  from clients. a great resource.



page templates

professional looks for your web page -- customizable.



digital frames

spice up your images with your choice of frames.



banners

choose styles for your site and page banners.



qualifications

this will give you more info about ccfdesign.


portfolio
thumbnail images of the web pages designed by ccfdesign. includes a number of boer
                                      goat web pages. 







any questions can be directed either through the form at
                                      the bottom of the worksheet, or e-mailed to webmaster@ccfdesign.com,
                                      or go to the faq page. 











want to accept credit cards online? with paypal, you can accept credit cards
                                    for your sales. paypal offers a low cost solution (no start-up or monthly fees) that allows you
                                    to securely accept online payments for your products. 
if you don't have a paypal account, click
                                      here to sign
                                        up for a free paypal account (opens in a new window)






 

you will be satisfied with the output.
                              in the first year of many of the web sites, they generate thousands of dollars in
                            revenue just from the internet and many are able to get over to 15,000 visits.
one
                                client (bluebird ranch),
                                earned $1250 in sales within 36 hours of the site going public and recently
                                earned $13,000 in one month of sales directly from the internet. 




 








 















 recent design 
all designs 





sites designed by ccfdesign  respond well to search engines
                              (top 10 in google for phrases like "boer
                                  goats for sale" "boer goat information" "boer goat care" "boer
                                  goat articles"***). the goal is to get this site
                                  into the top for search phrases like "boer
                                  goat web design", "small farm web
                                  design" and "breeder
                                  web design." getting to the top means that a site adheres to proper search engine optimization
                                  strategies and has very clean coding.
 note: boer goats
                                    are often misspelled as "bore goats". 
while most of the sites in the portfolio are designed for boer
                                goat farms,
                              other breeds, animals and businesses can be accommodated to support just about any of your
                                needs. notice rabbithuntingbeagles.com,
                              which  sold over $7000 in beagles in its first 4 months online. danny
                              stovall sold $2400 in anatolian
                              shepherds in less than a month - all from the internet! specializes in paint
                              / colored boer goats). circle k boer goats had $8000
                              in goat sales in 4 months from their web page.
 










                           


frequently asked questions


e-mail support





here is a listing of the pages on the design portion of the site: 




boer goat web design  (a
                                short description of the niche market) 


desired images for web customers (graphic
                                instructions for  clients) 


fixing images (images
                                 fixed) 


image fixing for bluebird ranch (images
                                 fixed for bluebird) 


drawings (how
                                  to draw goats) 


transparent drawings (other
                                images to look through) 


iraq drawings (a photoshop
                                experiment) 


lighthouse painting (another
                                photoshop experiment) 


goat travelers (more
                                  photoshop)



 





 

 


 
also, here is another link for the portfolio of
                                    the sites i have published in the past few years. 

not
                                        satisfied with your web hosting prices and service? w2kx-web.com is perfect for small businesses
                                        and farms, as well as options cheap enough for family web pages. services are hosted on reliable
                                        windows 2003 servers at very low prices. includes php, ms
                                        access,  asp,  mysql, cgi and
                                        frontpage and much more. 
web design articles 



 

domains for sale 
 


 





          

links





















 gregory motes 
ccfdesign.com

phone: (813) 391-6793

                    email: webmaster@ccfdesign.com 
copyright © 2003 - 2025
                over 20 years of computer experience!
                designing web sites for boer goat farmers and others. 
                  all right reserved
check out scaventour.com - outdoor escape room in honolulu book an outdoor scavennger hunt in honolulu, hawaii



































































