

antique rifles and pistols from phoenix antique arms, uk








phoenix antique armsfine antique arms




the business is located at 17 darracott close, deal, kent ct14 9puplease contact susan on 01304 372651 or e-mail us at: sales@oldguns.co.uk for your requirements.viewing by appointment only.please e-mail us for further images of any item on our website.please note: while we do a money back guarantee, the cost of returning an item is the customer’s responsibility.



as from 5th april, 2024 i have decided to close phoenix antique arms (2021) and cease trading.  
i would like to thank all my customers for their support following peter’s death in 2021.i have missed the enthusiasm and knowledge he put into phoenix and i realise it’s time for me to call it a day.peter and i met so many lovely people over the years, at auctions, arms fairs and through the website.
thank you all, it has been a privilege to know you.
best wishes for the future,
susan




01 march 2024 we accept 


1. rifles & long guns
4. flintlock & percussion pistols


2. revolvers & pistols
5. derringers, pocket & travelling pistols


3. cased pistols
6. armour, accessories and books

read kiplings famous poem brown bess
read history of william tranter, gunmaker


our main business covers the following:
pistols of the following type:- duelling, travelling, overcoat, pocket, officers, blunderbuss, carriage, holster, sea service, land pattern, coastguard, brass-barreled, queen anne, revolvers, flintlock and percussion. long guns of the following type:- winchester, shotguns, rifles, fowling-piece, snider, enfield, brown bess and blunderbuss.

we are always looking to purchase single items to complete collections
no licence required for any item sold on this site in the united kingdom
click for conditions of sale
rifles & long guns - revolvers & pistols - cased pistolsflintlock & percussion pistols - derringers, pocket & travelling pistols - armour, accessories & books

phoenix antique arms,
17 darracott close, deal, kent ct14 9pumrs. susan dorothy reason t/a phoenix antique arms (2021)please contact susan on 01304 372651 or e-mail us at: sales@oldguns.co.uk web: www.oldguns.co.uk & www.antique-arms-and-guns.co.uk
hosted by multiplex internet sevices ltd


