


mr minority




















    
	mr minority
	
  
welcome to mr m's conservative emporium
where ranting about injusticesand raving about the good moral things in life is what i do





monday, november 08, 2010



	 
	 something to think about
	 
    


rwr posted a comment on my "who is to blame for the mess we are in? and the future" post, and it gave me something to think about (thanks rwr!!).would we be in to same situation if johnny mcrino had won the presidency?actually i don't believe we would have, and i also don't believe we would had as great a take over of the house we had.say anything you want about john mccain (pro-amnesty, kisses dems...), he is at least fiscally conservative, thus i don't see the us being in as deep in debt as obama has driven us. i don't believe he would have passed obamacare of the pork laden stimulus or the bank bailouts which is driving us deeper into the shithole.but then again we wouldn't have the rise of the tea party and the angry american public that the obamareidnancy regime has created. and this angry american public just kick some serious donk ass, and put obama on notice (as if if the moron will listen).so it boils down to america is in a financial shithole, our constitutional liberties are being assaulted, but we now have an american public that is ignoring the donk butt-kissing msm, and is fed up with the way things are being handled in dc and will be very aware of what will be happening there over the next two years.an awaken american public is a great thing, because now we have an politically aware constituency that will be fighting obama and the erosion of its rights.mr minoritylabels: donks, election



posted by mr minority at 11/08/2010 08:46:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!



friday, october 22, 2010



	 
	 who is to blame for the mess we are in? and the future
	 
    


since the election of b. hussein obama as president, i have been pretty much silent in my blogging. and the reason why is one of disgust!that's right, disgust! i was disgusted and disappointed in the american public.the american public, led by the nose by donk's pr machine the lamestream media, bought hook, line and sinker into the godhood of obama.and since the election of obama, we have seen our nation's unemployment skyrocket, our national debt triple, our standing in the world sink, and our foreign policy bow down before and embrace tyrants and leftists.so who is to blame?two groups are really to blame for this mess, 1) the lying lefty biased msm and 2) the stupidity of the american public.nearly 2 years after the election of obama, i still am in shock that the american public bought into his crap, his "hope & change" bullshit, and the msm's blatant bias to elect the 1st black president. just because obama is black was no reason to ignore his governing ineptitude, his socialist background or his total lack of experience. but people actually believed that he was the next political messiah, and chose to ignore his vastly significant shortcomings. thus the american public and the msm are to blame for the mess we are in. lost your job? blame your neighbor for voting for obama.thank god, this same american public has shaken off the fairy dust that obama and msm has spread around (only after they danced around in glee frolicking with unicorns for a while), has seen that emperor has no clothes, and is trying to change the america's future by ousting the commies in congress and electing politicians who will take their responsibilities in governing seriously. the future can go either way, the old republican leaders may continue their spineless appeasement to the dems in the running of congress, while holding the majority, and ignoring the roars of their constituents. or they may listen to the new members of congress, elected by the voters because they are tired of the old ways of governing, and grow some cojones, slash spending, cut waste, and jack up obama and his czars on his disastrous socialist take over of america.i can't predict the future, but i hope like hell, that the republican leader understands, that it can't be business as usual or they will be a minority party again, and a third party will come forward to take up the mantle of being true conservatives.mr minoritylabels: americans, anti-war anti-americans, b hussein obama, msm



posted by mr minority at 10/22/2010 09:10:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!



monday, august 23, 2010



	 
	 i'm alive!
	 
    


it has been 1 1/2 since i have posted on this blog. sometimes you have to take a break from all the stress and consumption of time that it takes to host a blog.between the additional time that work was requiring of me and family time that i needed to spend more of, i quit blogging.i am thinking about taking it back up again.stay tuned.mr mlabels: mr minority



posted by mr minority at 8/23/2010 08:39:00 pm



 | 


  emailthis!



friday, march 13, 2009



	 
	 reality check for the obamessiah
	 
    


it has been 50 days since the socialist messiah was inaugurated into the presidency, and the msm is still wetting their panties and saying he has high support from the nation. but that is not reality, nor what public opinion is: it is simply wrong for commentators to continue to focus on president barack obama's high levels of popularity, and to conclude that these are indicative of high levels of public confidence in the work of his administration. indeed, a detailed look at recent survey data shows that the opposite is most likely true. the american people are coming to express increasingly significant doubts about his initiatives, and most likely support a different agenda and different policies from those that the obama administration has advanced.polling data show that mr. obama's approval rating is dropping and is below where george w. bush was in an analogous period in 2001. rasmussen reports data shows that mr. obama's net presidential approval rating -- which is calculated by subtracting the number who strongly disapprove from the number who strongly approve -- is just six, his lowest rating to date.overall, rasmussen reports shows a 56%-43% approval, with a third strongly disapproving of the president's performance. this is a substantial degree of polarization so early in the administration. mr. obama has lost virtually all of his republican support and a good part of his independent support, and the trend is decidedly negative.woah! a 56% to 43% approval/disapproval rating this early in the game is pretty significant. i wonder why:the reason for this decline most likely has to do with doubts about the administration's policies and their impact on peoples' lives.there is also a clear sense in the polling that taxes will increase for all americans because of the stimulus, notwithstanding what the president has said about taxes going down for 95% of americans. close to three-quarters expect that government spending will grow under this administration.obama, the donks in congress and the msm must think the public is too stupid to realize what they are doing to our country. but the public is not! we realize that with a horrendous increase in gov't spending will come with a horrendous increase in the taxes we pay, despite the empty rhetoric that obama spouted.obama and the donks are sinking this country into a depression, not helping it. this administration's socialist economic policies are doing nothing to stimulate economic growth, job growth or consumer confidence, it is achieving the direct opposite.may those that voted for this commie in sheep's clothing suffer worse than those of us that knew what the true obama was: an america hating socialist statist!mr minoritylabels: b hussein obama



posted by mr minority at 3/13/2009 08:46:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!



monday, february 09, 2009



	 
	 your "civil rights" were violated? give me a break!!!
	 
    


the audacity of some people is truly disgusting, especially those that believe that they are owed something, when in fact they are just plain criminals! and in this case i am talking about a bunch of illegals that are suing a rancher for "civil rights" violation.an arizona man who has waged a 10-year campaign to stop a flood of illegal immigrants from crossing his property is being sued by 16 mexican nationals who accuse him of conspiring to violate their civil rights when he stopped them at gunpoint on his ranch on the u.s.-mexico border.roger barnett, 64, began rounding up illegal immigrants in 1998 and turning them over to the u.s. border patrol, he said, after they destroyed his property, killed his calves and broke into his home...the lawsuit is based on a march 7, 2004, incident in a dry wash on the 22,000-acre ranch, when he approached a group of illegal immigrants while carrying a gun and accompanied by a large dog.attorneys for the immigrants - five women and 11 men who were trying to cross illegally into the united states - have accused mr. barnett of holding the group captive at gunpoint, threatening to turn his dog loose on them and saying he would shoot anyone who tried to escape.let me get this straight, a bunch of mexican nationals, illegally crossed the border on this rancher's land, and he detained them for the border patrol. they claimed he violated their "civil rights" because he held them at gun point and threatened them with his dog.since when do people that enter this country illegally have "civil rights?" basic human rights, yes, but not the "civil rights" granted by the constitution for american citizens or people in this country legally. and what about rancher barnett's rights? doesn't he have the right to protect his property from those that would destroy his land or rob his home? this is an unwarranted suit brought forward, not by the illegals, but by those that want an open border, the mass illegal immigration of mexicans, so they can reclaim the southwest.what happened to justice? it appears that justice is only a misused word that doesn't apply to reality.mr minoritylabels: illegals, justice



posted by mr minority at 2/09/2009 08:58:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!






	 
	 opinions of the day  -  2/9
	 
    


"we must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. it is time to restore the american precept that each individual is accountable for his actions." - ronald reaganken blackwell - obama, ginsburg and gunskevin mccullough - the hope and change of arrogance and thuggeryand doug powers - death by 1,000 porker cutsmr minoritylabels: opinions



posted by mr minority at 2/09/2009 08:39:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!



tuesday, february 03, 2009



	 
	 pissing in the wind - msm style
	 
    


as the newsprint media is rotting on the vine, they are trying to release more propaganda, this time to support themselves!birmingham, ala. - several newspaper executives launched a public relations campaign monday to counter what they call "gloom-and-doom" reports of the industry's demise.sure, they admit, times are tough. the economy is bad, the internet has sucked away advertising dollars and people are losing jobs.but the 100 million people who read a newspaper the day after the super bowl outnumbered the tv audience for the game, the group said in an advertisement that appeared monday in more than 300 daily newspapers, including the new york times and the atlanta journal-constitution.with the ads, commentary pieces and a web site, the industry is painting itself as a vital source of information and the best place for advertisers to sell anything from grapes to a house _ not the dinosaur often portrayed in the media."...the industry is painting itself as a vital source of information..."if their definition of "vital source of information" is biased facts and misinformation, then maybe they are correct. but the american public is not as dumb as the newsrags believe they are. the people know when they are being fed a load of crap, they know when they read an important article on the internet, but not in the newspaper, that something is fishy, and that something is the what they wrap their fish in.the ny slimes is dying, along with other major papers. and no amount of advertising is going to help.i say good riddance to bad rubbish!mr minoritylabels: msm



posted by mr minority at 2/03/2009 09:00:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!






	 
	 opinions of the day  -  2/3
	 
    


"it's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours." - harry s. trumanken blackwell - why i endorsed michael steelecal thomas - leona helmsley lives!and chuck norris - top ten reasons gitmo should be on alcatrazmr minoritylabels: opinions



posted by mr minority at 2/03/2009 08:47:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!



monday, february 02, 2009



	 
	 obama is giving terrorists what they want - legitimacy
	 
    


there is a reason why you don't negotiate with terrorists, because when you do, you are acknowledging their methods and goals. and obama is keeping to the one campaign promise that he shouldn't keep.us president barack obama has already used experts within the last few months to hold high-level but discreet talks with both iran and syria, organizers of the meetings told afp. officially, obama's overtures toward both tehran and damascus have remained limited.in an interview broadcast monday, obama said the united states would offer arch-foe iran an extended hand of diplomacy if the islamic republic's leaders "unclenched their fist."holding high level talks with these two terrorist regimes, is confirming their opinion that the us is weak. and to them a position of weakness invites them to continue their terrorist ways.thanks obama, for placing the lives of israel and america in harms way!mr minoritylabels: b hussein obama, iran, terrorists



posted by mr minority at 2/02/2009 09:03:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!






	 
	 opinions of the day  -  2/2
	 
    


"debts and lies are generally mixed together." - francois rabelaisstar parker - government takes over, obama apologizeswilliam perry pendley - supreme court to decide meaning of obama electionand doug powers - promote tax cheats? yes we can!mr minoritylabels: opinions



posted by mr minority at 2/02/2009 08:40:00 am



 | 


  emailthis!

















mr minority

mr m's bio & pics
my fors and againsts
terms & dictionary
e-mail me:  mr minority









previous posts



- archives -
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
august 2010
october 2010
november 2010




my best of rants:

the truth behind kwanzaa
what is progressive?
mr m's remedy on illegal border crossings and guest workers program
things that chap my ass
the french connection
today is un tirade day!!
think about it: i think, therefore i am
dammit i hate agreeing with the dems!!
rant
hmmmm - questions
mr m is sick and tired of...
what would martin do?
opinion of the day - 6/26
in my opinion
behold the lowly troll
behold the lowly troll - part ii
i remember 9/11/01


blogrolls & news links
daily news reads

world net daily
townhall
fox news
drudge report
cns news
news busters
the weekly standard
the american spectator
watching america



mr m's blog roll
anti-idiotarian rottweiler
ace of spades hq
conservative beach girl
hogonice
hotair
hugh hewitt
imao
independent source
instapundit
little green footballs
michelle malkin
patterico's pontifications
random firings of neurons
redstate
right wing news
right wing rocker
the liberals lie, the conservative truth
the powers that be
and my blog mother
who tends the fires

aos moronbloggers
geoff's place (formerly known as uncommon misconceptions)
rg's blog idaho
michael's innocent bystanders
pupster
enas yorl's center of anomaly
doubleplusundead
nice deb
pajamma momma
slublog
dave's monkey airport
purple avenger
s.weasel
muslihoon
iraqi blogroll
iraq the model
slammer of those kool-aid drinking, foaming at the mouth, leftist idiotarians at the du
dummie funnies









"streetcow - guaranteed quickest daily waste of time on the web"


proud member of the














prev
   |
   list
   |
   random
   |
   next

powered by ringsurf!

























recipes to die for!!


steve sez: "buy my book or the cat gets one in the head!!"




proud member of the alliance
glenn reynolds says:
   "i wanted to touch mr minority's puppy, but he slapped my hand"














stop the aclu.org



























religious sites:
serenity through hope ministries







anti-shillary clinton sites:
mrs. satan
the hillary project
against hillary


















































