



therrien group - home












homeconsiderationsthe processconstructionportfolioabout usproject request 



t. 636.922.1912 f. 636.922.7730
4025 s old hwy 94 | ste d | saint charles, mo 63304





consider us for all your projects:
design / build
additions
interior remodeling

kitchens
bathrooms
specializing in older homes

exterior renovations

siding
decks
porches
patios

finished lower levels
custom homes
custom millwork & built-ins

entertainment centers
bookcases
wainscoting, crown moulding, chair rails















considerations
when you start thinking about a home improvement project, or a new custom home, there are a lot of things to think about before you get started. we've put together a few considerations to help you prepare. review the checklist.




the process
maybe you have a full set of architectural drawings, or maybe just a few notes on a napkin. either way, the initial meeting is a great way for us to get to know each other. during the meeting we'll talk about a preliminary plan, preliminary costs, scheduling, the finish & fixtures selection process and other aspects of the project. learn more about the process.




construction
at the pre-construction meeting we will discuss the project schedule, materials selection, permits, communication, safety, and answer any questions you may have. find out more about the construction process and our project completion guarantee.

building luxury into your life
whether you've decided to begin a custom building project, or are just weighing your options, choose a homebuilder that's experienced, talented, and responsive. therrien begins each project with a 3-step plan to make sure your project is completed on time and within budget.







© 2008 therrien





close
project completion guarantee

what sets us apart from other residential builders is our project completion guarantee. to prove we are confident in staying on schedule and meeting our completion dates, if we fail to meet the agreed upon date we credit our clients $100.00 per work day until the project is complete. the project completion date is based on the premise that all finishes and fixtures are selected in accordance with the established project schedule.






