






ron's gun shop




































skip to content



ron's gun shop
greater milwaukee gun shop








home
online shopping
gun refinishing & bluing
services
contact us
frequently asked questions (faq)
blog
about us
gallery







 
always your best shot
professional gun sales and service in a welcoming and friendly environment!
contact info


















call us now








new arrivalsclick here to check out some of our new inventory arrivals
 























gun salesat ron's gun shop we offer gun sales, service & repair along with a great selection of concealed carry firearms. we also maintain an extensive line of new and used firearms for sporting, hunting, and self defense requirements. pistols, revolvers, rifles, and shotguns!
 















gun repairproviding exceptional repair services for firearms since 1964. we have an extensive depth of knowledge with all aspects of gunsmithing to get you back out shooting no matter the problem. looking for gun bluing? just like our repairs, all of our firearm refinishing is completed in house, like it has been for over 50 years.
 















we buy gunsfrom one gun to a collection, including complete estates. sporting, military, and also antique guns! stop in anytime for a quote on your firearms. we can also make arrangements to come to you for larger collections.
 

















since 1964






gun sales & servicing - all makes & models
since 1964 ron's gun shop has been offering professional gun sales and service. our focus is to provide our customers a great experience with an educated sales team in a friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
with over 5 decades of history in the firearms industry we have gained generational customers. whether you are a first time buyer or seasoned pro, you'll always receive our highest level of attention to your needs without the typical "gun store" attitude!
when you want to purchase a new or used gun, or when one of your current firearms needs gunsmithing remember that ron's gun shop is always your best shot!





























can't find what you are looking for?
no problem! our knowledgeable sales staff is more than happy to help you find the firearm you have been wanting. we welcome special orders! we work with many great distributors to bring you the firearms that are generally not stocked at most gun shops.

















hours
mon & wed 10:00am - 6:00pm
tue, thur, fri, 10:00am - 5:00pm
sat & sun 10:00am - 2:00pm
*summer hours memorial day through labor day*
sat 10:00am - 2:00pm
sun closed




















contact usemailinquiry@ronsgunshop.comphone262-255-4920addressn112w16340 mequon rd
germantown, wi 53022









	copyright © 2025 ron's gun shop
















