







old cambridge baptist church






































new here?contactservice timeslocation and directionswhat to expect get involved video intro to ocbcabout usour staffour covenantour purpose our historyour partnersour buildingour gardensour tenants newsworship & musicworship timemusic sermons sermon audiosocial justiceenvironmental justice gender justice lgbtq justice racial justice sanctuary movement ocbc’s peace & justice history mass shooting crossspiritual growthadult forums book groups bible studychildren’s sunday school2016 advent devotional2020 lenten devotional2022 advent devotionalnotes on the word "queercalendar













 



























experience the world
your adventure guide and store





















ocbc is currently worshiping both in person in the ocbc sanctuary and on zoom and facebook live on sundays at 10:30am. for the zoom login information, please sign up for the ocbc newsletter to the right (or below, if you're accessing the page on your phone). to view the service via livestream, please visit our facebook page on sunday morning at 10:30am. we look forward to seeing you in person or on screen! 
old cambridge baptist church is a faith community for people from many religious perspectives and experiences. from those who identify as christian, to seekers of truth, to agnostics who find the message and example of jesus a compelling one to follow -- all are welcome here. since 1983, we have celebrated the gift of lgbtq lives and all that they add to the rich tapestry of the congregation's life together, welcoming lgbtq people into every facet of church life.
as a progressive, inclusive congregation, we seek to answer god's call to hold fast to love and justice for the earth and all its people. through our common life of prayer, worship, spiritual formation, and the arts, we strive to follow the example of jesus and to work, through active nonviolence, for social, racial, lgbtq, economic and ecological justice, and for peace.on sunday mornings at ocbc, we join for services of worship that include music by instrumentalists and the ocbc choir, thought-provoking sermons, and shared community prayers. we celebrate communion on the first sunday of each month. our sunday worship services begin at 10:30am. we are located at 1151 massachusetts avenue and 400 harvard street (our building spans the block) in cambridge, ma.  the church building is just five blocks from the harvard street t-station. free parking is available for the duration of the service.we look forward to seeing you soon!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  




ocbc newsletter



sign up for our weekly newsletter













for email newsletters you can trust


















   









 

































        						please leave this field empty - we're using it to stop robots submitting the form



submit









 


















new here?contactservice timeslocation and directionswhat to expect get involved video intro to ocbcabout usour staffour covenantour purpose our historyour partnersour buildingour gardensour tenants newsworship & musicworship timemusic sermons sermon audiosocial justiceenvironmental justice gender justice lgbtq justice racial justice sanctuary movement ocbc’s peace & justice history mass shooting crossspiritual growthadult forums book groups bible studychildren’s sunday school2016 advent devotional2020 lenten devotional2022 advent devotionalnotes on the word "queercalendar



