










minnesota dental association | representing mn dentists & students











































login
join
find a dentist
news
events
contact
  
 
 


minnesota dental association

homeaboutmember centergovernanceadvocacycareer centerpublic resources  
menu
 

homeaboutmember centergovernanceadvocacycareer centerpublic resourcesnewseventscontact  



 
 



member loginwelcome
all mda members are encouraged to log in to gain access to exclusive content throughout the mda site.as a member, you have access to many resources within the member center.
log inmember center
not a member?get involved
join now to gain access to our member benefits and online member center.there are many ways for members to become actively involved in the organization.
get startedlearn more
 

member loginmember center
join todayget involved
 
 
 



looking for dental care?
 

find an mda member dentist near you:
searchfind a member dentist
 

find access to low-cost dental care services:
care resourceslow-cost care resources
 
 
 
 



renew now!
already an mda member and want to renew your membership? help us maintain a strong membership base by renewing your membership for 2025. members have different options to pay dues. for your convenience, the mda is again offering an auto-renewal payment plan and auto-renewal installment plan. both plans are being offered with no additional fees or charges. you have the option to pay your full dues amount at once or spread it out between three, six, nine, or 12 months.

renew your membership



give kids a smile procedure tally
if your clinic participated in gkas, please complete the online procedure tally form – this is very important. it provides us with an overall picture of this year’s event, including an accurate count of services provided, number of volunteers, and children helped. thank you!

procedure tally form


 
 




the minnesota dental association can help connect you via hesy-re. this web app provides a marketplace for buying and selling dental practices, posting and applying for jobs, and buying and selling used equipment.
get started
 





the minnesota dental association can help connect you via hesy-re. this web app provides a marketplace for buying and selling dental practices, posting and applying for jobs, and buying and selling used equipment.
get started
 
 
 


compliance minutecompliance minute is a monthly e-bulletin on compliance-related topics, intended to keep you and your dental team safe, compliant, and informed.
 learn moremda storeshop the mda store to purchase educational brochures and posters. all from the mda and pre-made for your convenience.
 mda storemda member ethics flyersdisplay your mda membership proudly with these premade flyers. download and print them right from the mda website, or have hard copies mailed to you. these flyers are available to all members at no cost.
 member ethics flyers  




news see all


minnesota dentists offering free dental care for children in need: february 7 & 8, 2025
january 8, 2025


minnesota dental association stands firm in support of water fluoridation  for improved public health
november 13, 2024


minnesota dental association warns sour treats might spell trouble for your teeth!
october 24, 2024


minnesota dental association announces 2024-2025 officers and trustees
september 24, 2024

 
 

events see all
affinity committee meeting6:30 p.m., virtual feb18 dentists concerned for dentists meeting6:30 p.m., hybrid (virtual and at mda office)feb19 mda health and wellness task force meeting6:30 p.m., virtual feb24 barriers to care committee meeting6:30 p.m., virtual feb25   
 
 




 


the minnesota dental foundation is a not-for-profit public foundation that was created by the minnesota dental association as a means for dentists and others to experience the collective power of giving, with an opportunity to invest in the future of dentistry and the future of the people and communities it serves.

learn more
 
 
 



minnesota dental association

©2025 minnesota dental association
terms of use | advertise with us


 


instagram
facebook
twitter
youtube

800-950-3368 | info@mndental.org
1335 industrial boulevard, suite 200
			minneapolis, mn 55413-4801
map


©2025 minnesota dental association
terms of use | advertise with us



 

 
 










