





































    far horizons | redington beach condo resort
  












              
 


     home



  gallery



  rooms


   poolside suite



  gulfside suite



  balcony suite





  attractions



  restaurants



  location


   contact us



  find us














    
 





       
 located directly on the beautiful white sand beaches of the gulf of mexico.



    expect a different experience when you stay at far horizons condo resort.
 you are going to feel nostalgic in a good way. our resort will remind you of the beach vacations you had as a kid—calm, content, and familiar.far horizons' creates a community feel and our 25 rooms ensure a peaceful, relaxing stay. our balcony suites open to the beach and our pool side suites give you easy access to our amenities.every room has fully equipped kitchenettes, a living room, and dining area. perfect for long weekends or extended stay vacation. choose from rooms that offer two queen beds or two doubles.

     

call for rates


   

see rooms




we are a condo resort. each of our rooms is independently owned and managed by our exceptional staff. our rates vary by season. please call
727-393-8791 
for availability.


  




    

 




    planning your vacation

far horizons condo resort is located right on the gulf of mexico. a 30 second walk to the beach, 30 min drive to st. pete, 1 hr. drive to tampa, and 2 hr. drive to disney make it the perfect hub for any florida vacation.check out our local attractions, restaurants, and photo gallery!
 

 


        


  


  


  


  



















 attractions

our favorite attraction is the beach in our backyard, but there is plenty of other things to do.
check out our list of local attractions!
  

local attractions


    





 restaurants

north redington beach is packed with great local restaurants and bars, many within walking distance of the resort.
check out our list of local attractions!
  

local restaurants




      





 photo gallery

pictures pale in comparison the actual beauty of our resort. for decades, we got by with a sign, a phone number, and word of mouth.
but our regulars wanted to share, so we gave in, and created a photo gallery of our guests' experiences. we hope you enjoy!
  

see photos


   













 amenities

enjoy our heated pool & beautiful white sand beaches within walking distance of excellent restaurants and shopping.our fully equipped kitchenettes, cable t.v., free wifi & additional living space make far horizons the perfect place for a long weekend or month long extended stay getaway.
  

contact us for rates and availability







    

 




    far horizons is located between clearwater and st. pete beach

 35 minute drive to st. pete–clearwater international airport | 45 minute drive to tampa international airport ﻿  








       

17248 gulf boulevard, n. redington beach, fl 33708 
farhorizonsfla@gmail.com |
727-393-8791.      

 

 




















































































































  
  share by:








