




american academy of family physicians | aafp









































































































































                            search
                        


                            search
                        

                            close
                        



































you belong at the aafp
there’s no specialty like family medicine. you put your energy into building healthy patients, families, and communities. lean in to us for the connection and education you need to refuel that energy.  



















you belong at the aafp
there’s no specialty like family medicine. you put your energy into building healthy patients, families and communities. lean into us for the connection and education you need to refuel that energy.  









choose your next cme 







get the cme you need. we have live and livestream cme on topics important to you.


















physician health and well-being conference
 mar. 23—26 | hilton head island, sc 
 18.25 cme credits
reclaim joy in a serene setting.  

 



































tough, taboo and trending topics in family 
medicine livestream
 march 25–28
 cme credits pending

delve into the latest research and often-overlooked topics to connect with patient more profoundly.



































women's health livestream
 apr. 2—5
 24.5 cme credits
access the latest, evidenced-based expertise on medical conditions unique to women.


 



































family medicine update 
live course 
 june 24–28 | indianapolis, in
 cme credits pending
give yourself four days with the experts to focus on the latest in family medicine, covering 30 key topics.
 


































new & noteworthy




























journals and publications































































































































































aafp + you


you're committed to providing quality, cost-effective care. aafp is committed to helping you make it happen.






























not a member? no problem. join the largest association that specializes in family medicine—just like you.















featured family medicine physician jobs





seize your opportunity in family medicine with the aafp careerlink job board. upload your resume and set alerts to get matched with your best position. plus, find career planning resources that can help you at every step of your career journey.




















aafp affiliates and partnerships






the aafp and its affiliate organizations work closely together to advance the specialty of family medicine.
 





















































































































































copyright © 2025 american academy of family physicians. all rights reserved.












































