



















macrumors: apple news and rumors





















macrumorsskip to contentgot a tip for us?let us know

a. send us an email
b. anonymous form
close


podcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewsletteropen menufront page roundups show roundupsairpods 4airpods maxairpods proapple dealsapple payapple pro display xdrapple studio displayapple tvapple vision proapple watch 10apple watch seapple watch ultra 2carplayhomepodhomepod miniimacios 18ios 19ipadipad air ipad miniipad proipados 18iphone 14iphone 15iphone 16iphone 16 proiphone 17iphone 17 airiphone 17 proiphone semac minimac promac studiomacbook airmacbook promacos sequoiavisionos 2watchos 11wwdc 2025guideshow tosreviewsbuyer's guideforumspodcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewslettervisit forumssearchclose searchopen sidebarwwdc 2025iphone 17 airiphone 17 proiphone 17macbook proiphone 16iphone 16 proios 18apple vision promac miniimacipados 18macos sequoiavisionos 2watchos 11homepodapple tvipad proairpods 4apple watch ultra 2ipadiphone 15apple pro display xdrhomepod minimac promacbook airairpods maxairpods proapple dealsapple studio displayapple watch semac studioipad air ipad miniiphone seios 19iphone 14apple watch 10carplayapple payall >front page roundups guideshow tosreviewsbuyer's guideupcoming productsforumsarchivestips / contact uspodcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewsletter️️'apple launch' february 19!move leftthe macrumors show: apple teases its next major product launchapple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we knowapple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayedbest apple deals of the week: presidents' day deals arrive for ipad, macbook air, airpods, and much morereview: benq pd2730s 5k designer monitor – a studio display alternative that doesn't break the bankiphone 17 air could look like this in real lifeiphone 17 pro with all-new camera bar design allegedly revealedwhat to expect from the 'apple launch' next weekapple working on new 27-inch mini-led studio displaysamsung kicks off presidents' day sale with major discounts on tvs, monitors, and moretim cook teases an 'apple launch' next wednesdayapple tv+ app now available on androidtesting the new asus proart 5k displayapple begins selling refurbished m4 macsamazon has all-time low prices on apple pencil pro ($99) and airtag 4-pack ($69.99)get apple's 13-inch m2 macbook air for just $749 during best buy's presidents' day salepowerbeats pro 2 debut with heart rate monitoring, h2 chip, active noise cancellation, and moreapple's latest updates re-enable apple intelligence on some devicesmacbook air to get more advanced lcd panel before transition to oledoled macbook pro with thinner design on track for 2026 launchmove leftmove lefti might be saying farewell, my apple watch friends ...cant get applecare+ with the iphone 16 pro anymore?iphone se 4 date/time?i have insomnia. how would sleep tracking help me?samsung has always been ahead of applewhatsapp desktop not working anymoremacbook air 2020 won't turn onbuying advice i'm stuck, needed for future proofingmacpro 6,1 should turn on automatically when the power strip is switched onipad mini a17 - new vs a15 (gen 6)move righttop stories: 'apple launch' next week, powerbeats pro 2 debut, and moresaturday february 15, 2025 6:00 am pst by macrumors staffapple is in the middle of trickling out a variety of announcements including powerbeats pro 2 and an apple tv+ app for android phones this week, and based on a tease from tim cook it looks like there's at least one bigger announcement in store for next wednesday.
while a new iphone se is the odds-on favorite for wednesday's announcement, there are a few other products we're expecting to see launch in the relatively near future, so we'll have to hang tight to see just how apple plans to roll them out. read on below for all the details on this week's biggest stories!

tim cook teases an 'apple launch' next wednesday
in a bit of an unusual move, apple ceo tim cook has teased an upcoming "launch" of some kind scheduled for wednesday, february 19.
"get ready to meet the newest member of the family," he said in a social media post, with an #applelaunch hashtag.
cook did not provide an exact time for the launch, or share any other specific details, so his post is a bit of a mystery. however, bloomberg's mark gurman believes the post is a teaser for apple announcing a new iphone se.

iphone se 4 launch is imminent - what to expect
if next week's launch is indeed the next-generation iphone se, we're expecting a host of upgrades to modernize apple's low-end iphone, including face id, an a18 chip with apple intelligence support, and more.
timing for a launch has been a bit unclear, with bloomberg's mark gurman previously claiming it would be arriving this week and a generic listing for it popping up on a french reseller's website, but it now looks like things are lining up for a slightly later debut.

m4 macbook air release continues to appear imminent
there continue to be signs of a new macbook air with an m4 chip, indicating that we could see the machine launch in the not too distant future. a reliable source this week shared the identifiers that the ‌macbook air‌ will use, and those identifiers correspond to the m4 chip.
rumors have suggested that the m4 macbook air has been in production for months already, and apple itself leaked references to it in macos sequoia 15.2 back in december, but apple has yet to officially announce it.

powerbeats pro 2 debut with heart rate monitoring, h2 chip, active noise cancellation, and more
apple's beats brand officially introduced the powerbeats pro 2 this week, bringing significant updates to the wireless earphones aimed at active users.
among the upgrades for powerbeats pro 2 are active noise cancellation (anc) with transparency mode, personalized spatial audio, an h2 chip for improved power efficiency and apple ecosystem integration, and for the first time in an apple audio product, heart rate monitoring.

apple tv+ app now available on android
apple has debuted a new android smartphone app on the google play store that will allow users on that platform to more easily subscribe to and watch apple tv+ content, including mls season pass.
android users can access apple tv+ and mls season pass by signing into their apple account, or subscribe directly through google play's billing system.

apple releases ios 18.3.1 with bug fixes
apple this week released ios 18.3.1 and ipados 18.3.1, which offer bug fixes and security improvements including a fix for a vulnerability that "may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals."
on devices that support apple intelligence, some users who previously turned off the feature have found it automatically turned back on after updating, so be sure to double check your settings if you don't wish to use apple intelligence.

world's thinnest foldable phone launches next week
apple has yet to enter the foldable smartphone market, but other manufacturers continue to press forward with their efforts and push the boundaries of what's physically possible.
oppo has confirmed it will debut its find n5 or oneplus open 2 foldable phone on february 20, with the device reportedly measuring just 4mm thick when open.

macrumors newsletter
each week, we publish an email newsletter like this highlighting the top apple stories, making it a great way to get a bite-sized recap of the week hitting all of the major topics we've covered and tying together related stories for a big-picture view.
so if you want to have top stories like the above recap delivered to your email inbox each week, subscribe to our newsletter!
tag: top storiesshow full article3 commentsapple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we knowfriday february 14, 2025 4:04 pm pst by juli cloverapple ceo tim cook teased an apple announcement that's coming on wednesday, february 19, and it's looking like that mystery announcement will be the next-generation iphone se.
we've been hearing about the ‌iphone se‌ 4 for quite some time now, and we essentially know everything to expect. if you want a sneak peek at what's coming, read on.

naming
apple first introduced the ‌iphone se‌ in 2016, and the "se" stands for special edition. apple has used the se naming for the last three models, but it's possible that's going to change this year.
there have been rumors that the new low-cost iphone could be called the "‌iphone‌ 6e" instead of the ‌iphone se‌ 4, but the information came from a source without a well-established track record.
the low-cost ‌iphone‌ will have the same chip as the iphone 16, along with a few other ‌iphone 16‌ features, so it would not be a shock for apple to give it a new name to better tie it into current flagship models. when announcing the upcoming product launch, cook also said "get ready to meet the newest member of the family," which could be a reference to the ‌iphone 16‌ family. at the same time, "family" could also just be the ‌iphone‌ family.

design
we're expecting the ‌iphone se‌ to have an ‌iphone‌ 14-style design, with a 6.1-inch display. its launch will mark the end of smaller iphones, and 6.1 inches will be the smallest screen size that apple offers.
while the current ‌iphone se‌ is 4.7 inches, the size difference between the 4.7-inch model and the new 6.1-inch model isn't as extreme as you might think. the updated size will be noticeable, but getting rid of those thick bezels means there's a limited increase in physical size despite the larger display.
an ‌iphone se‌ 4 dummy modelthe ‌iphone se‌ is 5.45 inches tall and 2.65 inches wide with a thickness of 7.3mm, and the new model will be 5.78 inches tall, 2.82 inches wide, and a thickness of 7.8mm. weight will increase just an ounce.
apple used to sell a 5.4-inch ‌iphone‌ "mini," but it was discontinued after the ‌iphone‌ 13 mini because it didn't sell well. in the future, apple may appease those who want a small ‌iphone‌ with a clamshell device that folds in half, but rumors suggest that such a device is a year or more off.
if you want to know what the ‌iphone se‌ will look like, take a look at the iphone 14. it'll have the same general design with an all-display design, aluminum and glass build, mute switch, volume buttons, notch, power button, and 5g antenna/sim tray. the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is expected to have a single-lens rear camera, though, rather than the dual-lens setup of the ‌iphone 14‌.
you likely saw early rumors about an action button or camera control button for the ‌iphone se‌ 4 during the rumor cycle, but it sounds like those are not features that are coming to apple's low-cost device after all. ‌iphone se‌ dummy models have not included an action button or a camera control button, nor have cases designed for the device.
both early ‌iphone‌ cases and dummy models are often crafted based on supply chain leaks, and they're usually accurate because there's a good money in having a case ready to go right when a new device launches.

display
the ‌iphone 14‌ introduced ceramic shield, which is stronger than typical smartphone glass and better able to hold up to drops and scratches, and it's likely the low-cost ‌iphone‌ will adopt the ceramic shield material.
apple is updating the ‌iphone se‌ with an oled display, which means the end of lcd display technology in the ‌iphone‌ lineup when the current model is discontinued. lcds are still used for some macs and ipads, but the ‌iphone‌ lineup will be all oled when the se 4 launches. 
the ‌iphone 14‌ had a notch to house the truedepth front-facing camera and facial recognition hardware, and the ‌iphone se‌ will have the same notch design. there were rumors suggesting apple could use the dynamic island for the ‌iphone se‌, but that's another feature that looks like it'll be reserved for the more expensive ‌iphone‌ options.

no more touch id
with an all-display design like the ‌iphone 14‌, apple is eliminating touch id. when the current-generation ‌iphone se‌ is discontinued in favor of the new model, there will be no ‌iphone‌ with ‌touch id‌ in the lineup.
the current ‌iphone se‌‌touch id‌ is still used for macs and some ipads, but apple will transition fully to face id for its ‌iphone‌ models with the ‌iphone se‌ 4.
there are people who prefer ‌touch id‌ to ‌face id‌, but apple is all-in on facial recognition, and it's more secure than ‌touch id‌. there's a less than 1 in 1,000,000 chance that a random person could unlock your ‌iphone‌ with ‌face id‌, but a 1 in 50,000 chance for ‌touch id‌.
eliminating the ‌touch id‌ home button provides much more viewable screen space, which is a major bonus. android manufacturers have married large display sizes with fingerprint recognition by putting sensors on the back of their smartphones, but apple has never adopted that kind of design.

no more lightning
the ‌iphone se‌ will have a usb-c port for charging, with apple continuing its mission to phase out the lightning port.
the ‌iphone se‌ is one of the last apple devices that continues to use lightning, and when apple discontinues the ‌iphone 14‌, which could happen with the ‌iphone se‌ launch, lightning will be eliminated from the ‌iphone‌ lineup. it's quite possible the ‌iphone 14‌ will be discontinued when the ‌iphone se‌ launches because it makes little sense to keep a lower spec ‌iphone 14‌ around for $599 when there's a more powerful ‌iphone se‌ available that costs less.

magsafe
the ‌iphone 14‌ added support for magsafe, and since the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is using an ‌iphone 14‌ design, it will work with ‌magsafe‌ accessories and will support ‌magsafe‌ wireless charging. ‌magsafe‌ is not an option for the current ‌iphone se‌, but ‌magsafe‌ charging and ‌magsafe‌ accessories have become an increasingly important part of the apple ecosystem over the last few years.

a18 chip and 8gb ram
apple plans to equip the ‌iphone se‌ 4 with the same a18 chip that's in the ‌iphone 16‌, which means it's going to have flagship performance at a much more affordable price. the a18 chip will allow it to last for years to come, and it's going to be the most affordable way to get apple intelligence in a smartphone.
with the a18 chip, the ‌iphone se‌ 4 will support ‌apple intelligence‌ features, and it's going to be a huge improvement over the a15 chip in the current ‌iphone se‌. ‌apple intelligence‌ requires 8gb ram, so the new ‌iphone se‌ 4 will also have double the ram of the current model.

storage space
there's no concrete storage space rumor, but the rest of apple's iphones start with 128gb of storage, so it's quite possible we're going to see the end of the 64gb storage option this year. 64gb is simply not enough storage space, even for a low-cost ‌iphone‌.

camera
the ‌iphone se‌ could get the same 48-megapixel wide lens that's in the ‌iphone 16‌, which will bring a major leap in photo quality compared to the 12-megapixel camera in the ‌iphone se‌ 3.
an ‌iphone se‌ dummy modelthe ‌iphone se‌ 4 won't have a telephoto lens or an ultra wide lens, but if it does indeed use the same wide lens, it will support next-generation portraits with focus and depth control, the newest photographic styles, and an option to crop in to 2x optical zoom.

connectivity
apple is going to debut its new in-house modem in the ‌iphone se‌ 4, and it'll give us our first look at how apple's modem technology compares to qualcomm's modem technology.
apple's modem chip won't support the fastest mmwave 5g speeds, but it will connect to the more widespread 6ghz 5g networks. apple wants to cut down on its reliance on qualcomm, and this new modem chip is the first step.
we don't know how much apple will promote the new modem, but expect to see a range of speed and performance comparisons where the new modem is pitted against qualcomm's current ‌iphone 16‌ modem.

emergency sos via satellite and crash detection
this is speculation, but with the ‌iphone 14‌, apple added a crash detection feature that alerts emergency services if you're in a car accident. it's an important safety feature that's likely to be included in the ‌iphone se‌ 4.
the ‌iphone 14‌ and later also support emergency sos via satellite, and there's a good chance that'll be added to the ‌iphone se‌ 4 too. apple loves to promote its safety features, and they can be a major selling point, so we wouldn't be surprised to see both of these options.

battery life
rumors suggest the ‌iphone se‌ 4 will have the same battery as the ‌iphone 14‌, which means it'll offer up to 20 hours of video playback, up to 16 hours of streaming video, and up to 80 hours of audio playback.
there's quite a bit more space in a 6.1-inch device for a battery than there is in a 4.7-inch device, so it should come as no surprise that there will be a major improvement in overall battery life.
the current ‌iphone se‌ offers 15 hours of video playback and up to 10 hours of streaming video playback.

pricing
with higher-end components, the ‌iphone se‌ 4 could be more expensive than the current model, but apple is still aiming for a price point under $500. the ‌iphone se‌ 3 is priced starting at $429.

no event
the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is an important new ‌iphone‌ in apple's lineup, but it reuses components from the ‌iphone 14‌ and ‌iphone 16‌, so it's not the most exciting device. apple isn't going to hold an event to unveil the ‌iphone se‌ 4, instead introducing it through a press release and coverage on the apple website.


get ready to meet the newest member of the family.
wednesday, february 19. #applelaunch pic.twitter.com/0ml0nfmedu
— tim cook (@tim_cook) february 13, 2025
apple did promote the launch early on social media, but without hints about just what product is coming on february 19.

launch date
after being introduced on february 19, apple will likely accept pre-orders for the ‌iphone se‌ 4 before launching it a bit later in the month.
related roundup: iphone sebuyer's guide: iphone se (don't buy)related forum: iphoneshow full article98 commentslike apple, meta is working on humanoid robotsfriday february 14, 2025 3:22 pm pst by juli cloverfacebook parent company meta is investing heavily in ai-powered humanoid robots, according to a report from bloomberg. meta wants to create robots that can act like humans and help people with physical tasks, and has developed a new team in its reality labs hardware to work on the project.
meta's first focus will be on robots that can do household chores, but the company's overarching goal is to develop ai, sensors, and software for robots that can be manufactured and sold to third-party companies to allow those companies to develop their own robots. meta is aiming to be the android of robots.
robot technology is not currently advanced enough to allow robots to fold clothes, do dishes, or complete other household chores, but meta feels that its work in artificial intelligence and virtual reality could boost robot development.
in 2025, meta will spend around $65 billion on artificial intelligence infrastructure, robotics, and virtual reality products. meta plans to build some of its own hardware, and work with robotics manufacturers to build prototypes.
if meta does end up creating a humanoid robot, it could compete with an apple-designed robot in the future. apple is working on both humanoid and non-humanoid robots, but the company's work on humanoid robotics is in the proof-of-concept stage and years away from launching.
non-humanoid robots could come sooner. apple is said to be working on a tabletop robot with an ipad-style display that's attached to a robotic arm, and such a product could come as early as 2026 or 2027.
apple robotics researchers recently shared details on a lamp-like robot prototype with lifelike movements and human-like interaction capabilities.
show full article55 commentsapple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayedfriday february 14, 2025 2:21 pm pst by juli cloverapple's smarter version of siri that incorporates apple intelligence features could end up being delayed, reports bloomberg's mark gurman. apple is running into engineering problems and software bugs that could push back the launch of the new functionality.
rumors suggested that apple planned to introduce the new ‌siri‌ features in ios 18.4, but the first ios 18.4 beta is expected as soon as next week, and it appears ‌siri‌ won't be ready in time.
apple has already promised that ‌apple intelligence‌ will be available in new languages in april, suggesting that's when the ios 18.4 update will launch, so apple has a limited amount of time to get ‌siri‌ ready to go. some features may now need to be postponed until may later, with apple perhaps planning to introduce them in an ios 18.5 update.
apple has promised three ‌apple intelligence‌ features for ‌siri‌, including personal context to better understand and respond to requests, the ability to do more in and between apps, and on-screen awareness to respond to requests that involve content the user is looking at. employees testing the new ‌siri‌ features have reportedly said that they are not yet working consistently.
major new features rarely come as late as may, because apple typically transitions to working on the next-generation version of ios in june after wwdc.
gurman says that apple could still debut the features in ios 18.4, but turn them off by default as testing continues until ios 18.5, and in that case, we'd still see the new functionality in ios 18.4. we should be getting the first ios 18.4 beta soon, though it is not likely that ‌siri‌ will be in the initial beta given today's report.
related roundups: ios 18, ipados 18related forums: ios 18, ipados 18show full article163 commentsapple announces new downtown detroit store is 'coming soon'friday february 14, 2025 2:01 pm pst by joe rossignolapple today announced that it will soon be opening a new retail store in downtown detroit.
at this time, the store page on apple's website does not provide any further details, including an exact location or grand opening date.
apple does mention that the downtown detroit store is now hiring.
last year, it was reported that the downtown detroit store will be located on the 1400 block of woodward avenue, and construction was already underway.
apple already has three stores in the detroit area, but this would be the first location serving the city's downtown core, which has been experiencing a revival in recent years. the store could also serve customers from nearby windsor, ontario in canada.
(thanks, filip chudzinski!)
tag: apple storeshow full article27 commentsapple launched the macbook pro 19 years ago todayfriday february 14, 2025 1:19 pm pst by hartley charltonapple launched the original macbook pro 19 years ago today.
jobs announced the ‌macbook pro‌ at the macworld conference & expo in 2006. it was the first mac notebook to transition from powerpc processors to intel's core duo architecture. designed to be an intel-based replacement for the powerbook line, the ‌macbook pro‌ took a similar aluminum chassis and added an intel core processor, a webcam, and the magsafe power connector. its display was 67% brighter than its predecessor, matching the luminance of apple's standalone cinema displays.
apple claimed that the intel processors delivered "up to four times the performance of the powerbook g4." the transition was supported by rosetta, a software translation layer that allowed powerpc applications to run on intel-based macs.
the original ‌macbook pro‌ came in two configurations, both with 15.4-inch widescreen displays offering 1440 x 900 resolution. the entry-level model featured a 1.67 ghz intel core duo processor, 512mb of ddr2 ram, and an 80gb hard drive, while the higher-end model boasted a 1.83 ghz processor, 1gb of ram, and a 100gb hard drive. both models included ati mobility radeon x1600 graphics cards. the 15-inch model weighed just 5.6 pounds and was only one inch thick.
it also featured two usb 2.0 ports, a firewire 400 port, a gigabit ethernet port, and an expresscard/34 slot for expandability. the exclusion of firewire 800 in the initial 15-inch models drew criticism from some users, but this port was later restored in subsequent revisions. initially only available with a 15-inch display, apple introduced a 17-inch variant in april 2006.
over the years, the ‌macbook pro‌ line evolved through various design and technological iterations, including the unibody construction in 2008, the retina display in 2012, and the controversial touch bar in 2016. the transition from intel to apple silicon in 2020 marked the end of the intel-based ‌macbook pro‌ era, as apple moved to its proprietary m1, m1 pro, and m1 max chips.
show full article55 commentsnetflix isn't adding apple tv integration after allfriday february 14, 2025 11:30 am pst by juli cloverearlier today, some netflix users in the united states began seeing netflix content in the apple tv app's continue watching queue, which prompted speculation that netflix was rolling out ‌apple tv‌ integration.
as it turns out, netflix content showing up in new places in the ‌apple tv‌ interface was a bug, and netflix is not introducing expanded ‌apple tv‌ functionality. in a statement to the verge, a netflix spokesperson confirmed that temporary support for the continue watching feature was an error, and it has been rolled back.
netflix is one of the only major streaming services that has refused to offer integration with the ‌apple tv‌ app, preferring instead for customers to manage watch lists and browse for content directly in the netflix app.
netflix has never supported integration with the built-in content tracking feature in the ‌apple tv‌ app, so ‌apple tv‌ users are not able to see netflix shows and movies in their watchlists. content from ‌apple tv‌+, hulu, disney+, max, amazon prime video, and other services can be tracked with the ‌apple tv‌ app across apple devices, but that is not the case for netflix.
tag: netflixshow full article103 commentsinstagram tests new dislike button for commentsfriday february 14, 2025 11:17 am pst by juli cloverinstagram is testing a "dislike" button that can be used for comments, instagram head adam mosseri confirmed today. the dislike button is designed to give people a "private" way to signal that they don't feel good about a particular comment.
mosseri says that the feature is just a test at the current time, but the goal is to help "make comments more friendly." if the test goes well, the dislike signal could be integrated into comment ranking to move disliked comments lower down in the comment section of an instagram post or reel.
there is no dislike count for posts, nor can the post creator or other commenters see if a user has disliked a post. dislikes are an internal signal hidden from users. in a statement to techcrunch, an instagram spokesperson said the company is testing the feature with a small number of users.

we're working on ways to help people better control their instagram experience and what they're seeing on the app. we're testing a new button next to each comment on a reel or feed post for people to privately signal they don't feel good about that particular comment or find it relevant. we're testing this with a very small group of people to start. later, we may also test moving these comments lower down in the comments section to help create a better experience.
users who have access to the dislike feature will see a downward pointing arrow available to tap, which is similar to the downvote feature that reddit uses.
tag: instagramshow full article40 commentsthe macrumors show: apple teases its next major product launchfriday february 14, 2025 9:38 am pst by hartley charltonon this week's episode of the macrumors show, we discuss the imminent apple product "launch" that is widely expected to be the fourth-generation iphone se.


play

subscribe to the macrumors show youtube channel for more videosin a social media post on thursday, apple ceo tim cook teased an upcoming "launch" of some kind scheduled for wednesday, february 19. "get ready to meet the newest member of the family," he said, with an #applelaunch hashtag. the post includes a short video with an animated apple logo inside a circle.
we analyze the possibilities for the announcement and why it's most likely to be a new ‌iphone se‌, with rumored features including the a18 chip, a larger 6.1-inch oled display, face id, a usb-c port, apple intelligence support, and more. the launch of other new devices, such as the m4 macbook air, also appear to be right around the corner. 
we also discuss apple's new powerbeats pro 2 earphones, which tout active noise cancellation (anc) with transparency mode, personalized spatial audio, an h2 chip for improved power efficiency and apple ecosystem integration, and heart rate monitoring–a first time for an apple audio product. we talk through the utility of the heart rate monitoring feature, fit, and how they compare to the airpods pro 2.
the macrumors show also has its own youtube channel, so make sure you're subscribed to keep up with new episodes and clips.

subscribe to the macrumors show youtube channel!

you can also listen to ‌the macrumors show‌ on apple podcasts, spotify, overcast, or your preferred podcasts app. you can also copy our rss feed directly into your podcast player.
if you haven't already listened to the previous episode of the macrumors show, catch up for our discussion about apple's all-new "invites" app for iphone and icloud.
subscribe to ‌the macrumors show‌ for new episodes every week, where we discuss some of the topical news breaking here on macrumors, often joined by interesting guests such as kevin nether, jon prosser, luke miani, matthew cassinelli, brian tong, quinn nelson, jared nelson, eli hodapp, mike bell, sara dietschy, ijustine, jon rettinger, andru edwards, arnold kim, ben sullins, marcus kane, christopher lawley, frank mcshan, david lewis, tyler stalman, sam kohl, john gruber, federico viticci, thomas frank, jonathan morrison, ross young, ian zelbo, and rene ritchie.
‌the macrumors show‌ is on x @macrumorsshow, so be sure to give us a follow to keep up with the podcast. you can also head over to the macrumors show forum thread to engage with us directly. remember to rate and review the podcast, and let us know what subjects and guests you would like to see in the future.
tag: the macrumors showshow full article14 commentsiphone se likely to become more popular than everfriday february 14, 2025 9:31 am pst by hartley charltonapple is likely to sell over 20 million iphone se 4 units this year, making it the most popular ‌iphone se‌ model ever, according to apple analyst ming-chi kuo.
in a new post on x, kuo said that the fourth-generation ‌iphone se‌ is expected to see shipments of approximately 12 million in the first half of 2025 and 10 million in the second half of 2025–which is apparently better than previous ‌iphone se‌ models.
the new device will reportedly reduce the impact of lower iphone shipments at this time of year, as well as "accelerate the penetration of models that support apple intelligence."
kuo also noted that the ‌iphone se‌'s custom modem may be the source of patent litigation from qualcomm. the company apparently believes it may be able to obtain part of the patent licensing fees from apple's custom modem to reduce losses from cancelled component orders.
the new ‌iphone se‌ is expected to debut as soon as next week, featuring the a18 chip, a larger 6.1-inch oled display, face id, a usb-c port, ‌apple intelligence‌ support, and more.
related roundup: iphone setag: qualcommbuyer's guide: iphone se (don't buy)related forum: iphoneshow full article103 commentsamazon revamps prime video app on apple tv — here's what's newfriday february 14, 2025 7:56 am pst by joe rossignolamazon this week updated its prime video app for the apple tv with several improvements.
according to the verge, the app is now better optimized for the tvos platform. you can now use the siri remote to swipe through tv shows and movies, and touchpad gestures for fast forwarding and rewinding content are now supported.
suggested search results now appear as you type, and you can search with the siri remote.
the app now shows higher-resolution imagery, and there are new motion and sound effects.
last, the app now supports the apple accessibility features voiceover, hover text, and bold text.
all in all, the app now provides a more "native" experience on tvos.
you can download the prime video app from the app store for free, but you will need a prime subscription to stream content. the latest version of the app is compatible with all apple tv 4k and apple tv hd models.
related roundup: apple tvtag: amazon prime videobuyer's guide: apple tv (don't buy)related forum: apple tv and home theatershow full article45 commentsbest apple deals of the week: presidents' day deals arrive for ipad, macbook air, airpods, and much morefriday february 14, 2025 7:49 am pst by mitchel broussardfebruary has been full of great apple deals, and this week continued the trend with ongoing all-time low prices on airpods, airtag, apple pencil pro, ipad, and macbook air. we're also still tracking solid deals on third-party earbuds and headphones over at woot.
note: macrumors is an affiliate partner with some of these vendors. when you click a link and make a purchase, we may receive a small payment, which helps us keep the site running.

airpods


what's the deal? take up to $80 off airpods
where can i get it? amazon
where can i find the original deal? right here



$29 off
airpods 4 for $99.99


$30 off
airpods 4 (anc) for $148.99


$80 off
airpods pro 2 for $169.00

the best deals this week centered on airpods 4 and airpods pro 2, both of which are seeing the year's best prices so far on amazon. you can get the airpods 4 from $99.99 and the airpods pro 2 for $169.00 on amazon.

airtag


what's the deal? take $29 off airtag 4-pack
where can i get it? amazon
where can i find the original deal? right here



$29 off
airtag 4-pack for $69.99

amazon this week has the airtag 4-pack for the all-time low price of $69.99, down from $99.00. you can also find a solid deal on the 1-pack on amazon right now, available for $22.99.

apple pencil pro


what's the deal? take $30 off apple pencil pro
where can i get it? amazon
where can i find the original deal? right here



$30 off
apple pencil pro for $99.00

another all-time low price available on amazon this week was on the apple pencil pro, and it's still available for $99.00 today, down from $129.00.

ipads


what's the deal? take up to $200 off ipad, ipad pro, and ipad air
where can i get it? best buy
where can i find the original deal? right here



$70 off
ipad (64gb wi-fi) for $279.00


$100 off
128gb wi-fi ipad mini 7 for $399.00


$100 off
128gb wi-fi 11-inch ipad air for $499.00


$150 off
256gb wi-fi 11-inch ipad pro for $849.00

best buy's presidents' day sale kicked off earlier this week, and there are still an abundance of ipads on sale today. you can find record low prices on ipad mini 7, m2 ipad air, and m4 ipad pro in this sale, so be sure to visit our original post for more details about the event.

macbook air


what's the deal? save on m2/m3 macbook air
where can i get it? best buy
where can i find the original deal? right here

note: my best buy plus/total members only.

$250 off
13-inch m2 macbook air (256gb) for $749.00

in addition to ipads, best buy's presidents' day sale has solid discounts on macbook air as well. the highlight of this sale is the 256gb 13-inch m2 macbook air for the all-time low price of $749.00 for my best buy plus/total members, down from $999.00.

woot


what's the deal? save on earbuds and headphones from beats and more
where can i get it? woot
where can i find the original deal? right here



up to 75% off
woot earbuds and headphones sale

finally, woot introduced a big sale on earbuds and headphones this week, and you can get up to 75 percent off select accessories during the event. this includes beats products like the beats studio buds+ for $99.99 and beats fit pro for $129.95, both record low prices.
if you're on the hunt for more discounts, be sure to visit our apple deals roundup where we recap the best apple-related bargains of the past week.




deals newsletter
interested in hearing more about the best deals you can find in 2025? sign up for our deals newsletter and we'll keep you updated so you don't miss the biggest deals of the season!







related roundup: apple dealsshow full article1 commentreview: benq pd2730s 5k designer monitor – a studio display alternative that doesn't break the bankfriday february 14, 2025 7:25 am pst by tim hardwickapple may have a fight on its hands in the 27-inch 5k display space. recently we've seen a solid budget competitor to the $1,600+ apple studio display arrive on the market with the $799 asus proart 5k display, and now here we have the benq pd2730s, part of the company's designer series that promises "always accurate and consistent colors." 
price-wise, this monitor sits $400 either side of the apple and asus offerings at $1,200. as you'd expect, it packs more features than the cheaper asus display. for a start, it's thunderbolt 4. but the extra capabilities don't end there. i've spent several weeks with it, putting it through its paces alongside an apple studio display. so how did it fare?

key display specifications

panel type: 27-inch ips with nano matte coating
resolution: 5120 x 2880 (5k)
brightness: 400 nits peak
contrast ratio: 2000:1 (ips black technology)
color gamut: 98% p3, 100% srgb
refresh rate: 60hz
response time: 5ms (gtg)
hdr support: vesa displayhdr 400
vesa mount: 100 x 100mm
built-in speakers: 2x 3w stereo
included accessories: hotkey puck g3 wireless controller

design and build quality
first off, the pd2730s doesn't match apple's all-aluminum aesthetic. let's be honest, nothing on the market quite does. but benq has remained faithful to the same design ethos that was evident in our ma270u 4k monitor review. while it may not be to everyone's taste, it's tried and tested. 
the monitor combines black, white, and silver elements into a cohesive whole. the black bezels remain pleasantly slim, the rear of the display is a white plastic that curves outwards slightly, and the silver stand is a brushed metal pipe about 2.5 inches in diameter. assembly is extremely simple and requires no tools. you just click the neck of the stand to the back and then use the key-screw to fasten on the rectangular base.
once set up, the monitor feels remarkably solid, and the stand deserves special mention - it's a robust piece of engineering that provides great stability. i particularly like how the display panel remains steady even when adjusting its position, something that's surprisingly rare in this price range.
speaking of adjustments, benq hasn't skimped here. the stand offers a comprehensive range of movement: height adjustment up to 150mm, -5° to 20° tilt, and smooth 60° swivel capabilities. this versatility comes as standard - no $400 upgrade required, apple. for those preferring alternative mounting solutions, there's a standard vesa mount option.

connectivity and features
connectivity is where the pd2730s really shines. the monitor boasts a genuinely useful selection of ports. the thunderbolt 4 input delivers 90w of power delivery, which is enough for my 14-inch macbook pro. you'll also find hdmi 2.1, displayport 1.4, and a downstream thunderbolt 4 port supporting display daisy-chaining. these ports face outward rather than downward - a small detail that makes a big difference in daily use.
a thoughtful array of usb ports rounds out the package. there's both usb-c (2x) and usb-a (3x) connectivity, making this an effective hub for any desk setup. that said, most of these are located directly under the panel next to a headphone jack and they face downwards, so the dangling cables can look a bit messy if you use them all. on the other hand, benq includes a hook that attaches to the stand behind the monitor for funnelling cables through, which is a much more aesthetically pleasing cable management system than the one found on the asus proart 5k display.
another point worth noting is that the hub can provide power even when the display is off, so you can keep your macbook and whatever else plugged in and charging regardless.
benq also includes its unique hotkey puck g3 controller. this wireless dial provides quick access to display settings and input switching. it's customizable and works well, and creative professionals might appreciate it, but it's not something i've found myself using regularly.

display performance
let's get down to brass tacks: image quality. the ips panel delivers outstanding clarity. text on the panel appears razor-sharp, and images pop with vivid detail. with 5120x2880 resolution, you're getting the same pixel density as apple's studio display. and just like the apple studio display, you get 218 pixels per inch, ensuring that sweet spot for 5k retina.
likewise, color accuracy impresses right out of the box. the monitor covers 98% of the p3 color gamut, which is crucial for creative work. benq's factory calibration proved spot-on as far as i'm concerned, although you can fine-tune things further using the included software tools. display colortalk lets you easily match colors between a macbook and the monitor or between two monitors – no calibrator needed – while palette master ultimate lets you achieve more precise color matching using a calibrator.
the panel employs benq's nano matte coating, which effectively manages reflections without compromising image clarity. the panel's maximum brightness reaches 400 nits, which is less than the studio display's 600 nits. this is the one visually noticeable difference between the two panels, but i've found 400 nits to be perfectly adequate for my environment. it's worth noting that the panel is "only" 60hz. that may irk hard-core gamers, but i had no problems playing resident evil 2, and it's totally adequate for everyday tasks and image editing work. lastly, the pd2730s has 2000:1 contrast ratio, providing a solid dynamic range.

software integration
we covered benq's display pilot 2 software in the ma270u review, but it deserves special mention. it enables seamless brightness and volume control using your mac's keyboard - a feature that's surprisingly rare in third-party monitors. the software also provides straightforward access to color profiles and monitor settings. iccsync ensures consistent color matching between your macbook and external display, and while hdr support is limited to hdr400, it's there if you need it. the kvm switch functionality should also prove handy when working with multiple computers. 
all that being said, you don't have to use the software to control the monitor, since you can access all of the settings in the osd menu via the physical controls along the bottom of the display.

summing up
the benq pd2730s makes a compelling case for itself. at $1,199, it delivers 5k resolution, excellent color accuracy, thunderbolt 4 connectivity, and other thoughtful features at a significantly lower price point than apple's studio display. yes, the speakers are terrible, but that seems par for the course in third-party monitors. and no, it doesn't have a webcam like the studio display, but that just means you can invest in a better one than the latter offers. while the pd2730s can't match apple's premium build quality or 600-nit brightness, it compensates with superior ergonomics and connectivity options.
this monitor deserves serious consideration by creative professionals seeking a high-resolution display without breaking the bank. it strikes an impressive balance between performance and value, offering most of what makes the studio display great at a more accessible price point.

where to buy
the benq pd2730s is available directly from benq's website and through authorized retailers for $1,199. 
note: benq provided macrumors with a benq pd2730s monitor for the purpose of the review. no other compensation was received.
tag: benqshow full article87 commentsnetflix content begins appearing in apple tv app for some users [updated]friday february 14, 2025 5:50 am pst by tim hardwicknetflix appears to have softened its stance on apple tv integration, with some users in the us now reporting seeing prompts to connect their netflix accounts directly to apple's tv app.
flatpanelshd was first to spot the reports. the change means users can add netflix originals to their tv app watchlist. after accepting the integration prompt, these shows appear in the "continue watching" queue.
the integration currently seems restricted to netflix original content rather than the service's full catalog of licensed shows and movies. when users select content to watch, they are still directed to the netflix app for playback.
historically, netflix has refused integration with apple's tv app ecosystem. before now, netflix users had to use the company's standalone app exclusively.
the feature appears limited to the us at this time, as users with non-us apple ids are not seeing the integration option. it's worth noting that the functionality is limited to apple tv set-top boxes, since there are no reports of the connect prompt appearing in the apple tv app on iphones, ipads, or third-party devices like smart tvs.


am i dreaming? netflix integration in the apple tv app? pic.twitter.com/ymewk6x2us
— flatpanelshd (@flatpanels) february 14, 2025
neither apple nor netflix has made an official announcement about the integration, and it remains unclear whether this is part of a test or the beginning of a broader rollout. as always, watch this space.
update: netflix says that netflix content appearing in the apple tv was a bug, and it has since been addressed. netflix is not adding apple tv integration at this time.
tag: netflixshow full article77 commentsapple intelligence plan for china detailed in new reportfriday february 14, 2025 4:53 am pst by tim hardwickapple is working to bring its ai features to china as early as may, with alibaba and baidu acting as local partners to help the company meet strict state regulations, according to a new bloomberg report. 
apple is said to have dedicated teams in both china and the us working to adapt its apple intelligence platform for the chinese market, as it navigates the country's complex regulatory system. 
alibaba is apple's primary partner in the endeavor, with the e-commerce giant reportedly building an on-device system to analyze and modify apple's ai models for iphone, ipad, and mac users in china. the system will include built-in censorship and filtering capabilities to comply with chinese government requirements. meanwhile, baidu will act as a secondary partner, handling features like visual intelligence for the upcoming iphone 16.
the chinese version of apple intelligence will differ significantly from the one featured on us apple devices. the us version combines on-device features, server-based processing (private cloud compute), and chatgpt integration. in contrast, the chinese version will rely heavily on local partnerships. alibaba's software will basically be an intermediary layer that allows government-directed content filtering without the user knowing it.
the ai features that result from the partnership will only be available on apple devices sold within china, while devices purchased elsewhere and brought into the country won't have access to the local ai system. apple has reportedly submitted materials to chinese authorities for approval, but it still faces some regulatory hurdles before the features can be launched.
the combined effort comes as apple faces declining sales in china, its largest market outside the us, where local smartphone brands have gained market share partly thanks to their ai offerings.
tags: apple intelligence  guide, bloomberg, chinashow full article27 commentswhatsapp rolls out customizable chat themes and colorful bubblesfriday february 14, 2025 4:15 am pst by tim hardwickwhatsapp has announced the introduction of chat themes, giving users the freedom to personalize their conversations using custom colors for both chat bubbles and backgrounds. the encrypted messaging platform is also adding 30 new wallpaper options to help users further customize their chat experience.
the new customization options let you either choose from preset themes that modify both chat bubbles and backgrounds simultaneously, or mix and match colors to create your own unique combinations. 
you can apply a unified theme across all your conversations and channels, but the new options mean you also have the flexibility to customize individual chats with different themes. whatsapp notes that these customizations are visible only to the user who sets them, so personal preferences won't affect other people in the conversation.
to set a default theme for all chats, navigate to settings ➝ chats ➝ default chat theme. for individual chat customization, simply tap the chat name at the top of the screen. the new theme options are currently rolling out and will become available to all whatsapp users over the next few weeks.
tag: whatsappshow full article21 commentsiphone 17 air could look like this in real lifefriday february 14, 2025 3:41 am pst by tim hardwickthere have been several alleged leaked details of the iphone 17 air, apple's rumored new slim iphone, but images have been limited to grainy shots taken in component factories. however, this hyper-realistic concept created by weis studio gives us the best idea yet of what apple's thin device might actually look like.
the concept design is inspired by recent leaks indicating that the device will have a super-slim 5.5mm profile. for comparison, the iphone 16 pro measures 8.25mm in thickness, while the 11-inch m4 ipad pro comes in at 5.3mm. that measurement doesn't include the camera bump, which could be thicker to accommodate the single 48-megapixel rear camera rumored for the device.
in terms of size, rumors suggest the iphone 17 air will have a 6.6-inch display, which will put it in between the iphone 17 and the iphone 17 pro max in size. as mentioned, it will have a single-lens rear camera, and apple could be planning for a horizontal bar-like camera bump at the back. 
the iphone 17 air is rumored to come with a 120hz promotion display and apple's in-house 5g modem. it's also expected to feature the a19 chip, wi-fi 7, and a more durable display material designed to resist drops and scratches. 
unlike the iphone 17 pro models, which prioritize high-end hardware, apple is reportedly positioning the iphone 17 air as a design-focused device. while it may not have the most advanced internal components, its refreshed aesthetic could be a major selling point.


 










view this post on instagram























a post shared by weis studio | global сreative & production company (@weis_studio)


there's no word on battery life for the iphone 17 air yet, but space will be limited so there may be battery life compromises. the device is expected to be priced more affordably than the iphone 17 pro, which will start at $999. 

iphone 17 air design, specs, and more: all the rumors so far

the iphone 17 air will reportedly replace the iphone "plus" model in apple's new lineup, which is set to be released around mid-september. check out the video clip and let us know what you think of the concept.
(via 9to5mac.)
show full article101 commentsiphone 17 pro with all-new camera bar design allegedly revealedthursday february 13, 2025 5:49 pm pst by joe rossignolapple's next-generation iphone 17 pro will feature three rear cameras arranged in a familiar triangular layout, but the cameras will be housed in an all-new rectangular camera bar with rounded corners, according to youtube channel front page tech.
iphone 17 pro camera design render created by asher for front page techin a video uploaded today, front page tech host jon prosser said the camera bar will be considerably larger than many earlier concepts circulating online have showed. the camera lenses are positioned on the left side of the bar, while an led flash, a rear microphone, and the lidar scanner are lined up vertically on the right side.
prosser said the iphone 17 pro features a two-tone finish, with the camera bar appearing to be darker than the rest of the rear shell.
it is unclear if this alleged design change has any benefits, or if it is purely for aesthetics.


play

prosser said his information is based on multiple sources familiar with the iphone 17 pro's design, and he said that he has seen the device himself.
the redesigned camera array would presumably extend to the iphone 17 pro max, but prosser did not confirm that. the ultra-thin "iphone 17 air" is also rumored to feature a rear camera bar, but with only a single camera. it is not clear if the camera bar will extend to the lowest-end iphone 17 model, but it seems likely for consistency.
google's pixel 9 and pixel 9 pro also have a rear camera bar, but the lenses are arranged in a horizontal line rather than triangularly.
prosser has been a well-known tech youtuber for more than a decade. like most sources, he has a mixed track record with apple rumors, with  some hits and some misses. in 2020, he was the first source to reveal the design of the airtag, many months before it was announced. he also shared many accurate details about the ipad mini 6, months before that device was announced. on the other hand, he and others were wrong about the apple watch series 7 having flat edges, although perhaps apple tested such a design.
prosser recently claimed that ios 19 will introduce a redesigned camera app with a visionos-like design, including translucent menus and buttons.
apple is expected to announce the iphone 17 series in september, and additional design-related rumors will likely surface before then.
related roundup: iphone 17 protag: jon prossershow full article254 commentsnext page newer postsarchivesolder posts previous pageguidesios 18.3 features new visual intelligence features for iphone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.apple intelligence guide apple intelligence is what apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at wwdc in june 2024. here's everything we know.image playground guide image playground is apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.
iphone mirroring not working? if you're experiencing issues with iphone mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.• iphone 16 vs 16 pro • iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro: how to use all the new features • 50 macos sequoia features • watchos 11: all the new features and changes • what's new in ios 18 messages • ios 18 photos changes • new airpods features in ios 18 • 21 time-saving iphone tips • 14 macos tips to make your life easier • one airpod not working? see more guidesupcomingm4 macbook air early 2025m4 chip update expected, but no design changes.ipad (11th generation) early 2025chip update and other spec bumps for apple's entry-level ipad.iphone se (4th generation) spring 2025the end of the iphone home button as apple shifts its final model to an all-display front with a notch and face id.m4 mac studio mid 2025apple appears to be skipping the m3 generation and waiting to launch an m4 mac studio in mid-2025.• m4 mac pro • iphone 17 see full product calendarrecent commentsmac rumors articles• apple ramps up hiring for work on home robotics devices (68)• apple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we know (98)• like apple, meta is working on humanoid robots (55)• apple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayed (163)• top stories: 'apple launch' next week, powerbeats pro 2 debut, and more (3)mac notebooks• should i buy macbook air m3 at 40% off or wait for m4? (2)• first day with new m4 14", fan is loud (27)• any disadvantages to 2tb of storage vs 1tb on the new mbp? (33)• m4 macbook pro 14" battery (0)• login items subheading allow in background yongming zhang (5)mac desktops• mac mini m2 hdmi 2.0 or 2.1? (33)• m4 32gb or m4 pro with faster 24gb? (58)• after 12 + years ... will this imac be enough ? ty :) (10)• macpro6,1, ventura/sonoma and oclp (drm + chrome + electron issues) (309)• logitech mx master 3 disconnecting (0)macos sequoia• stop studio display charging macbook pro (1)• time machine error (109)• what’s your default browser? (50)• is the manglish used regarding the 15.3.1 update coded language? (8)• random macos sequoia restarts during standby (60)mac apps and mac app store• whatsapp desktop not working anymore (37)• eventually, i also fell victim to timemachine’s reliability issues (78)• get hooked! a must-have anti-peeping software for mac users! (3)• security for oclp (opencore legacy patcher) (225)• big sur / bluebeam revu for mac (109)iphone• cant get applecare+ with the iphone 16 pro anymore? (9)• touch issues with 16 pro / pro max display (1978)• 15 pro battery life (37)• iphone 15 owners, what is your cycle count and battery health? (757)• anybody still rocking an iphone 13pm? (2)ipad• an app experiment: how much do i really need dedicated apps with a "desktop-class" version of safari (7)• ipad mini a17 - new vs a15 (gen 6) (38)• can i add the bookmark icon to my toolbar in safari (7)• anyone having wi-fi connection issues with ipad mini 7? (15)• jelly scrolling not fixed (244)ios 18• mail app sharing vips across family? (2)• siri delay (3)• help apple improve search privacy issue (4)• ios 18.3 very sluggish at times (15)• 22d72 (18.3.1) icloud photo sync hangs with most recent video (1)apple watch• i might be saying farewell, my apple watch friends ... (140)• i have insomnia. how would sleep tracking help me? (53)• so you have to pick between sleep tracking and flashlight access? (43)• will an apple watch work properly if i wear it on the underside of my wrist? (5)• workoutdoors: new workout features (7204)apple tv and home theater• apps that support continuity camera (4)• iflicks reviews (35)• apple tv movies - some download as movpkg filetype (73)• question about arc/earc (6)• searching for movies just on movies on apple tv (20)other mac topics• buying advice i'm stuck, needed for future proofing (12)• drobo alternative... help needed (7)• is there a way to preserve my adobe cs6 & 2018 apps while still upgrading my imac? (19)• security risks staying on macos 10.13.6 (high sierra) ?? (14)• mbp for xcode, autocad and fusion. coming from a windows pc. (22)community• what’s on your mind? (24168)• 2024-2025 nfl thread (922)• the 2024-2025 football thread (1061)• 2025 formula one season thread (212)• which tv series are you binging on? (7638)site comments• what's going on with the "apple resumes marketing on x" topic? (21)• i'm sick and tired of macrumors forum… (90)• cannot mark as read one of my watched threads [merged] (69)• the "top stories" should be sorted as politically so that references to missing news are possible. (4)• macrumors pwa web app with push notifications (21)other storiesios 18.4 coming next week with these new features for your iphone1 day ago by joe rossignoltwo of apple's oldest products are finally getting updated this year1 day ago by joe rossignolapple teases a big surprise next week2 days ago by joe rossignolapple to invest in nissan? a new report explains why2 days ago by joe rossignoliphone 17 in new sizes this year: what to know2 days ago by tim hardwickguidesios 18.3 features new visual intelligence features for iphone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.apple intelligence guide apple intelligence is what apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at wwdc in june 2024. here's everything we know.image playground guide image playground is apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.
iphone mirroring not working? if you're experiencing issues with iphone mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.• iphone 16 vs 16 pro • iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro: how to use all the new features • 50 macos sequoia features • watchos 11: all the new features and changes • what's new in ios 18 messages • ios 18 photos changes • new airpods features in ios 18 • 21 time-saving iphone tips • 14 macos tips to make your life easier • one airpod not working? see more guidesupcomingm4 macbook air early 2025m4 chip update expected, but no design changes.ipad (11th generation) early 2025chip update and other spec bumps for apple's entry-level ipad.iphone se (4th generation) spring 2025the end of the iphone home button as apple shifts its final model to an all-display front with a notch and face id.m4 mac studio mid 2025apple appears to be skipping the m3 generation and waiting to launch an m4 mac studio in mid-2025.• m4 mac pro • iphone 17 see full product calendarrecent commentsmac rumors articles• apple ramps up hiring for work on home robotics devices (68)• apple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we know (98)• like apple, meta is working on humanoid robots (55)• apple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayed (163)• top stories: 'apple launch' next week, powerbeats pro 2 debut, and more (3)mac notebooks• should i buy macbook air m3 at 40% off or wait for m4? (2)• first day with new m4 14", fan is loud (27)• any disadvantages to 2tb of storage vs 1tb on the new mbp? (33)• m4 macbook pro 14" battery (0)• login items subheading allow in background yongming zhang (5)mac desktops• mac mini m2 hdmi 2.0 or 2.1? (33)• m4 32gb or m4 pro with faster 24gb? (58)• after 12 + years ... will this imac be enough ? ty :) (10)• macpro6,1, ventura/sonoma and oclp (drm + chrome + electron issues) (309)• logitech mx master 3 disconnecting (0)macos sequoia• stop studio display charging macbook pro (1)• time machine error (109)• what’s your default browser? (50)• is the manglish used regarding the 15.3.1 update coded language? (8)• random macos sequoia restarts during standby (60)mac apps and mac app store• whatsapp desktop not working anymore (37)• eventually, i also fell victim to timemachine’s reliability issues (78)• get hooked! a must-have anti-peeping software for mac users! (3)• security for oclp (opencore legacy patcher) (225)• big sur / bluebeam revu for mac (109)iphone• cant get applecare+ with the iphone 16 pro anymore? (9)• touch issues with 16 pro / pro max display (1978)• 15 pro battery life (37)• iphone 15 owners, what is your cycle count and battery health? (757)• anybody still rocking an iphone 13pm? (2)ipad• an app experiment: how much do i really need dedicated apps with a "desktop-class" version of safari (7)• ipad mini a17 - new vs a15 (gen 6) (38)• can i add the bookmark icon to my toolbar in safari (7)• anyone having wi-fi connection issues with ipad mini 7? (15)• jelly scrolling not fixed (244)ios 18• mail app sharing vips across family? (2)• siri delay (3)• help apple improve search privacy issue (4)• ios 18.3 very sluggish at times (15)• 22d72 (18.3.1) icloud photo sync hangs with most recent video (1)apple watch• i might be saying farewell, my apple watch friends ... (140)• i have insomnia. how would sleep tracking help me? (53)• so you have to pick between sleep tracking and flashlight access? (43)• will an apple watch work properly if i wear it on the underside of my wrist? (5)• workoutdoors: new workout features (7204)apple tv and home theater• apps that support continuity camera (4)• iflicks reviews (35)• apple tv movies - some download as movpkg filetype (73)• question about arc/earc (6)• searching for movies just on movies on apple tv (20)other mac topics• buying advice i'm stuck, needed for future proofing (12)• drobo alternative... help needed (7)• is there a way to preserve my adobe cs6 & 2018 apps while still upgrading my imac? (19)• security risks staying on macos 10.13.6 (high sierra) ?? (14)• mbp for xcode, autocad and fusion. coming from a windows pc. (22)community• what’s on your mind? (24168)• 2024-2025 nfl thread (922)• the 2024-2025 football thread (1061)• 2025 formula one season thread (212)• which tv series are you binging on? (7638)site comments• what's going on with the "apple resumes marketing on x" topic? (21)• i'm sick and tired of macrumors forum… (90)• cannot mark as read one of my watched threads [merged] (69)• the "top stories" should be sorted as politically so that references to missing news are possible. (4)• macrumors pwa web app with push notifications (21)other storiesios 18.4 coming next week with these new features for your iphone1 day ago by joe rossignoltwo of apple's oldest products are finally getting updated this year1 day ago by joe rossignolapple teases a big surprise next week2 days ago by joe rossignolapple to invest in nissan? a new report explains why2 days ago by joe rossignoliphone 17 in new sizes this year: what to know2 days ago by tim hardwick macrumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. we also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iphone, ipad, mac, and other apple platforms.about macrumors.comadvertise on macrumorsour staffarnold kimeditorial directoremail • twitter eric slivkaeditor in chiefemail • twitter juli clovermanaging editoremail • twitter joe rossignolsenior reporteremail • twitter mitchel broussarddeals editoremail • twittertim hardwicksenior editoremail • twitterhartley charltonsenior editoremail • twittermarianne schultzproject manageremail • twitterdan barberavideo content produceremail • twitterryan barrieaugraphic designeremail •twittersteve mosercontributing writeremail • twitteraaron perriscontributoremail • twitterrelated linkstouch arcadenintendo switch part deux – the toucharcade show #611where have we been!? – the toucharcade show #610polar express is scary – the toucharcade show #609remember payphones? – the toucharcade show #608they put the power button where!? – the toucharcade show #607back when aol was the internet – the toucharcade show #606just don’t huff anything! – the toucharcade show #605terrorizing pasadena – the toucharcade show #604youtubetim cook confirms new product coming february 19th!the $799 apple studio display | asus proart 27" 5k display reviewpowerbeats pro 2 review | the future of airpods pro!?apple ai photo clean up vs samsung’s #smartphone #techiphone se 4 coming next week!copyright © 2000-2024 macrumors.com, llc. privacy / dmca contact / affiliate and ftc disclosureaccessibility statement[ featured on/off ] [ full articles on/off ] [ fluid | fluid hd ] [ auto | light | dark ]









