


chicago pictures - photos and pictures of chicago




















    
	chicago pictures - photos and pictures of chicago
	
  
commentary on the photos and pictures of chicago that appear on chicagopictures.net





friday, march 17, 2006



	 
	 the sear's tower:
	 
    


the chicago tribune ran a story about suspicious people taking photos of the sear's toweri was also given a bunch of crap by the sear's tower security guards shortly after 9/11. my response is this, why are they hassling people taking photos of the sear's tower? security? give me a break, do a search on the internet and you can find a ton of photos of the sear's tower. honestly, if someone wanted to case the sear's tower, do you think they would jump out right in front of the building to take photos?anyway, here is a copy of the editorial i wrote for the chicago tribune way back in november 8, 2001.************chicago -- "land of the sort of free" (oct. 29) was a great article because it really captured the spirit of what is going on around the city. i'm a freelance photographer and i spend a lot of time photographing the city, for fun and profit. i used to maintain a web site featuring various pictures of chicago; however, i've stopped updating it because it is becoming too difficult to take photos in the loop. security guards from multiple buildings have come outside to ask me to stop taking photos, despite the fact that countless photos of these buildings have already been taken. i was taking photos of the sears tower a couple of weeks ago and i was informed by building security that absolutely no photos of the sears tower could be taken, not on the sidewalk, not from across the street and not from across the loop. they even went so far as to call the police and demand my film. fortunately, the chicago police department backed me up and told them they couldn't take my film. as a side note, i was very impressed with the professionalism of the officers and sergeant who handled the situation. i understand, but don't agree with, this new form of security. by adding protections such as these to our lives we've given up rights granted to us by the constitution. i'll continue to take photos where and when i can. in addition to giving up various rights, we are also throwing away something that makes chicago special. think about the effect this has on people who come to chicago as tourists. this weekend, i was at the aon tower, and it was a great day for photos. the trees around the building were a vibrant yellow, the building was glowing white and the wind was making the sound sculpture sing. it was one of those moments when i had put down my camera and just soaked it in. evidently, an elderly german couple thought it would be a good idea to take pictures of each other under the trees. they were run off before the lady could even sit down at the bench. sadly, they won't remember that fine autumn day when they sat in the plaza at the aon center, but rather, they'll remember being run off from that big white building, the one that stands out in every picture of the chicago skyline.



posted by thatdonguy at 11:17 am
3 comments









	 
	 speaking of beer....
	 
    


well, it is that time of the year again....st. patrick's day. upon visiting chicago, my friend little dave once made the seemingly profound comment "the great thing about chicago is (as he pauses to drink his beer) that at any given moment you are never more than diving distance away from a beer."over the last year or so i've put little dave's theory to the test, and yes it is true, you are never more then diving distance away from a beer.that being said, i need to follow it up with a caveat, yes, there is a great pub scene in chicago, but most chicagoans don't get drunk and act like idiots. there is always one or two in a bar that acts like some sort of fool, but it is a safe bet to say that they are usually visiting from the burbs. sorry, those from the burbs, but you know it is true.anyway, chicago is a great city for the most part, but there are a couple days a year when the city is turned into one giant rookie drinking fest. new years, cubs game days, and st. patrick's day. don't get me wrong, i love st. patrick's day and i love beer...what i don't love are who start drinking dyed green miller lite at 9 am acting like a fool at parade and then wake up in the morning with a massive hangover wondering why in the hell their pee is green.my favorite story happened 5-6 years ago when a girl, who's boyfriend bet her 5 dollars to do it, jumped into the chicago river and had to be rescued by the fire department. nevermind that the river is pretty skanky or that it was barely above freezing or that you are going to stink for a week, she did it for 5 dollars. if you are going to jump into anything, a giant vat of pudding is included, you should at least haggle for more than 5 dollars.anyway, back to the photo of the chicago river being dyed green.  the photo is not altered or enhanced.  it is really that green after they dye it.  



posted by thatdonguy at 10:28 am
0 comments






thursday, march 16, 2006



	 
	 beer with a view
	 
    


there are a lot of cool almost free things to do in the city. hands down my favorite has to be the signature lounge on the 97th floor of the hancock building. i forget how much it costs to visit the observation deck, but my memory of it goes something like this: long lines, smelly screaming kids, not much to do once you get up there, no real places to sit and enjoy the view.the cost to enter the signature lounge: free. you should really buy a beer and maybe something to eat. with a little patience, the beer helps, you can score a chair by the window and enjoy the view.more chicago photos and pictures at chicagopictures.net



posted by thatdonguy at 8:25 am
1 comments






wednesday, march 15, 2006



	 
	 sun times building - you only miss some things when they are gone.
	 
    


a few years ago, if you asked most chicagoans how they felt about the sun times building, most of them would have derided it. i always went back and forth on the building. i loved how it curved to fit the river; i loved how it looked like a barge. it always seemed a bit out of place amongst the jeweler and wrigley buildings, but that is sort of how chicago is, the classy mixed in with the utilitarian.well, the sun times building has been torn down and construction has started on the trump towers. they are up to about the third or fourth floor on the new building and i realize what i miss most about the sun times building….…it’s negative space.huh?i am starting to miss what wasn’t there, in other words, i miss the amount of light that the relatively short sun times building allowed in. like lasalle street, the river is being turned into a canyon. it always sort of had the canyon look, but it is getting worse. i was out shooting the st. patrick day drunkfest this last weekend and i took a walk along the river. there are a number of small buildings being torn down and replaced with some pretty big buildings:{whoops, i lost a bunch of examples when i updated}waterview tower at lasalle and wacker. not sure how i feel about this building. the lot size is pretty small, but they are really building high. it replaces a parking lot, so again we are going to lose a lot of light on the river.don't get me wrong, i love the new buildings and the fact that chicago is still building new skyscrapers. i just wonder sometimes about how the new buildings will change their surroundings.



posted by thatdonguy at 10:06 am
0 comments






monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 the frozen lake
	 
    


winter in chicago is an emotional rollercoaster.a number of years ago, i was shooting on a cold weather day and i busted the focus mechanism on my favorite auto focus lens. i took 6 months to get it back from the manufacturer, so i decided to stop shooting color in during the winter months. while my nikon can take a beating, i worry about the mechanical parts in my various lenes.so during winter, i do a lot of medium format work with my trusty pentax. i think winter looks better in black and white, but i tend to miss out on photos like this:you can see more of my chicago pictures and photos at http://www.chicagopictures.net



posted by thatdonguy at 9:40 am
0 comments











about me

name:  thatdonguy 

view my complete profile

links

my photos and pictures of chicago
my studio

previous posts

the sear's tower:
speaking of beer....
beer with a view
sun times building - you only miss some things whe...
the frozen lake

archives

march 2006









 



