







	pelican lake motorcoach resort > home




























x close


"book 6 nights get one night free for december 2024"
"book a month in january - april 2025 and get a $250.00 gift card" 




















book now or call 239-417-1600











|

resident login


 






 






























home


amenities


faqs


resort map


resort reviews


gallery


attractions


contact us












 ownership book now resident login 
































 

x

homeamenitiesfaqsresort mapresort reviewsgalleryattractionscontact us









 



 


 
|

resident login

 















                                          












  our luxury motorcoach resort





amenities



book a vacation



lots for sale



gallery



resort map




good people enjoying what life has to offera large
                    clubhouse, tiki-hut, a stage for live shows, resort-style bbq grills, modern gym and spa, six
                    dedicated pickleball courts, hiking trails, access to salt & fresh-water fishing, boating,
                    botanical gardens, an audubon wildlife sanctuary, and the everglades national park, are among the
                    extraordinary things to do while at pelican lake.

amenities


pelican lake luxury motorcoach resort.a resort. a
                        lifestyle.do you have a class a motorcoach? are you on the lookout for
                    amazing destinations? pelican lake motorcoach resort provides luxurious living and great times. our
                    one-of-a kind, resort in naples/marco island florida is just minutes from the white sands and blue
                    tropical waters of the gulf of mexico. enjoy countless events, restaurants, nature walks or privacy
                    if you choose. our extraordinary weather, 5-star amenities and lush, tropical landscaping with
                    picturesque palm trees is why our owners and guests call pelican lake “paradise”.
                  
book now


sitting in an unspoiled world,make pelican lake your forever home
                    pelican lake offers incomparable sun-swept resort accommodations and amenities
                    for owners and guests. the private sites provide custom-built coach houses with up to 308 sq. ft. of
                    indoor space, and with the option of adding a fully custom screen room too. many coach houses have
                    modern kitchens and bathrooms, built-in outdoor galleys, fire displays, and well-designed private
                    patios where you can entertain to your heart's content. 


lots
                        for sale 


gatherings, get-togethers, and revelrieswant an active
                    social life? life at pelican lake is always fun!our residents enjoy life to the
                    fullest—from catered events held in our large clubhouse to live bands in the tiki hut
                    overlooking the beautiful lake. bingo, movies, game nights, rv shows, a chili cook-off, fashion
                    shows, and a gourmet food truck extravaganza are just some of the amazing events we’ve held.
                    prefer something more active? water aerobics, yoga, pickleball, walking trails, swimming laps, or
                    working out in the gym—you name it, and we have it!

gallery


sun-swept waters. colorful trailsa little r&r more
                    your style? we have a full library and reading room. stroll the hiking paths around our beautiful
                    30-acre lake. breathe in the fragrances of nature, revel in the woodlands filled with palm trees and
                    flowering plants. this is truly paradise.


map








 








join us for the weekend, the season or join our family at pelican lake!
 
 
vacation   options   (click to
                rent) ownership
                options   (click to buy)
































































































































































































































      289  motorcoach sites    102  acres in our resort    30  acres in our lake    100%  friends and fun!    































about us






  pelican lake is a class a luxury motorcoach resort located in naples florida. over 280 privately owned, beautifully appointed lots await your vacation pleasure. let our paradise be your playground.    facebook instagram       












quick links









our resort


pelican lake sales


pelican lake rentals















contact info








pelican lake motorcoach resort
 4555 southern breeze dr.
 naples, fl 34114
phone : (239) 417-1600
email : info@pelicanlake.com
email : sales@pelicanlake.com
email : rentals@pelicanlake.com











































































pelican lake motorcoach resort
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use




your browser does not support inline frames
























