









home - solidarity community federal credit union

























































 

routing #: 274974726find an atmsign inmake a loan paymentcalculators & ratesbecome a memberhomechecking & savings

compare our accounts debit cards

spend2save debit card rewards

debit card rewards- bonus days 
solidarity card controls 
savings accounts advantage checking certificates

certificate rates 
business accounts transfer to solidarity mobile banking reorder checks
loans & credit cards

credit cards auto loans

boat, rvs, motorcycles 
mortgages

first time home buyers government loan options vacation home loans 
home equity online loan payments personal loans student loans
more services

forms holiday schedule for sale by credit union moneyline member claims portal- consumer loan debt protection accidental death and dismemberment coverage
resources

teaching online safety cyber security awareness calculators & rates financial wellness

financial education financial coaching center financial football 
reorder checks blog community participation
about

contact careers board of directors sponsorship/donation requests
solidarity is where #youbelonglet’s find a banking and savings solutions for you today!
sign infind an atmbecome a memberstay safe onlinefee changesscholarship portal (opens 2/1)top services







banking




our banking options include checking and savings accounts, online and mobile banking and other services to suit your needs.learn more






mortgages




ready to purchase a home? realtors often require a prequalification letter before showing you homes, so apply online for prequalification today. learn more






credit cards




we offer several options for credit cards. click here to find the right one for you. learn more






savings




from primary savings accounts to christmas club accounts to certificate rates, we have options and will work with you to find the one that best fits your needs.learn more






lending




our lending department offers experienced team members who will help find an affordable loan for you.learn more






online banking




you have 24-hour access to real-time account information from the convenience of your personal computer, mobile device or tablet.learn more












learning center




personal loans




certificate rates




calculators




blogs




wire transfers




careers




sponsorship/donation






our storyyour community, your credit unionsolidarity community federal credit union has a rich legacy that dates back to 1954. dedicated delco electronics employees came together with a shared goal – to help a co-worker buy a car. they pooled a quarter a week into a humble cigar box until their collective efforts paid off, and they had enough funds to purchase the car. this simple act marked the inception of a powerful concept – the birth of a not-for-profit cooperative known as a “credit union.”
driven by camaraderie and community, solidarity credit union embodies the belief that financial well-being thrives in unity. today, we proudly carry forward the legacy of people helping people, rooted in unwavering cooperative principles.
without stockholders, our allegiance lies solely with you. distinguished from conventional banks, our credit union places our esteemed members at our institution’s core. this member-centric philosophy ensures that every decision we make echoes your best interests, fostering a sense of ownership and togetherness that sets us apart.
solidarity federal credit union isn’t just about services; it’s about forging connections, fortifying neighborhoods and championing the notion that collective effort achieves greatness. each member is vital to and shapes our cooperative family  where financial aspirations become a reality for everyone.
why join a credit union?our foundation began with delco electronics co-workers joining together to support another in need, and that tradition continues today. solidarity community federal credit union has grown to include howard, tipton, clinton, cass, carroll, miami and white counties. we are built on forging connections and creating a credit union where you belong.
sign up for updatesget in touch and stay tuned with our latest updates

leave this field empty if you're human: *we’ll never share your email with anyone else.
member testimonialsthis institution has always fought hard to help me attain my financial goals. they are a diamond in the rough! 
john s.great staff, very communicative, and helpful! i recently took out a home mortgage loan through solidarity for my very first home, and the team who helped me made this process very pleasant, and a lot less stressful. kathleen the lender i worked with was amazing. she was great at explaining things i didn't understand as a first time home buyer, always there to answer my calls or quick to get back to me, and very patient and understanding. everyone i worked with from start to finish was very kind and professional. i couldn't recommend them enough.
jacki have always been impressed with solidarity's customer service. they have been so helpful and informative during the home buying process. kaylee has made sure every step of this process goes smoothly!
madisonthe people who work here are always friendly and helpful. they offer many different checking account options for a more individualized experience. the drive thru is wide and the atm is separate from the main building which helps keep the traffic congestion to a minimum. with a large parking lot which offers both handicapped parking and first responders parking, banking at solidarity is easier than ever.
yvonneif you are not already aware – solidarity provides commercial products and services, as well as residential. i have been utilizing that major convenience as a business owner for about a decade now, and personally for almost 30 years. not only do they offer great rates and service, but being able to have everything in one place really simplifies all of my financial dealings.
andyquick transaction, friendly people.
ronclosed on a house. an awesome job making it a seamless process.  i never even had to step foot in the bank. quick response time and always clear/concise communication. offering the lowest rates in town is always nice, too.
andrew
company linksrouting #: 274974726
sign in
find an atm
find a co-op atm
make a loan payment
calculators & rates
become a member
company linkshome
checking & savings
loans & credit cards
more services
resources
contact
privacy notice and disclosure
contact us(765) 453-4020toll free: 800-999-5894solfcu@solfcu.orgmain office201 southway blvd. e.kokomo, in 46902westside branch214 n. dixon rd.kokomo, in 46901open:monday - friday 9:00am-5:00pmfriday - drive-up open from 8:30am-6:00pm at both locations            
nmls #804855
copyright © solidarity community federal credit union

top





local atm     free nationwide atms


			close			

















hit enter to search or esc to close





















































