
















virginia beach pool service company | chesapeake pool store






































popup




dear customers, 
as you’ve probably heard, there’s a chlorine shortage affecting the entire pool and spa industry. we know, it’s no fun. trust us, we’d love to sell you all the chlorine you want. but it’s not possible right now. on top of ongoing pandemic delays, hurricane laura in august 2020 caused a fire at a chemical plant in louisiana that significantly impacted the chlorine supply across the nation. 
to help mitigate the issue, we recommend a no chlorine or low-chlorine option. we have them available and would be happy to answer any questions about them. 
no matter what, we’ll be here for you working to get all the chlorine we can and selling it to you at the lowest prices possible. if you have any questions, please contact us or give us a call at (757) 420-2222. 
















main location and corporate
953 reon dr.virginia beach, va 23464
757-420-2222
757-420-6991 (fax)





curbside pickup
available


see locations










homeaboutjoin our teamcustomer reviewsconsumer resourcespool service company checklistvinyl liner replacementliner gallerycoversservicespool & hot tub supply storechemicalspoolife®baquacil®sironapromoscontactlocations953 reon dr.2093 general booth blvd. #1014604 pembroke lakes circle1101 battlefield blvd. s.2990 churchland blvd. suite 100
































curbside pickup available
see locations















welcome to aqua leisure pools!
your pool service company & supply store serving virginia beach, chesapeake, & surrounding areas
welcome to aqua leisure pools, your hometown pool store since 1985. pool owners throughout hampton roads and the surrounding areas know aqua leisure pools is the leading pool service company and supply store, relying on our quality service, vinyl liner replacement, and expert pool care. we have five convenient locations in virginia beach and chesapeake to best suit our customers. we look forward to having you stop by and become a part of the aqua leisure family. pool ownership is meant to be enjoyed and our professional and experienced staff will help you do that in the easiest, most efficient way possible. 

professional pool service
at aqua leisure pools, we are dedicated to ensuring you have a worry-free pool ownership experience. we offer a number of professional pool service options in order to do so, including weekly pool service for the busy homeowner, pool repair and maintenance, equipment upgrades, as well as pool openings and closings. aqua leisure pools is a platinum authorized repair and warranty center for hayward and goldline products. we also service and repair other major brands of pool equipment. 
your time is best spent in the water and our service experts are ready to care for your pool as if it were their own. we take pride in providing the kind of pool service and maintenance you can rely on. we look forward to keeping your pool crystal clear and swim-ready at all times. give us a call to learn more about our professional pool service options and how we can help keep your pool pristine. 
vinyl liner replacement
your pool’s vinyl liner will deteriorate over time, but there’s no need to worry about finding the perfect replacement. aqua leisure pools has been providing quality vinyl liner replacement services for the past 36 years. we provide a large selection of the highest quality vinyl liners from today’s top manufacturers. we have professional in-house installation crews who will replace your liner leaving you with a beautiful and refreshed pool finish. 
your virginia beach pool care experts
when it comes to your pool, there’s no one better than aqua leisure pools. we provide complete customer satisfaction in all that we do. we give our customers the best service at affordable prices. be sure to stop by one of our five conveniently located locations throughout virginia beach and chesapeake where you can pick up everything you need to keep your pool healthy and your outdoor living space beautiful. we have chemicals, equipment, accessories, toys, games, outdoor furniture and so much more. aqua leisure pools has everything you need to be swim-ready. 
all of our locations offer free water testing. in addition, we provide free onsite quotes for vinyl liner replacements and safety covers. stop by or give us a call today to get ready and enjoy a comfortable summer in the privacy and luxury of your backyard pool!


 read more 
 read less 







best service and affordable prices











 pool services 
lear more




















 vinyl liner replacement 
lear more


















 covers 
lear more




















 pool & hot tub supplies 
lear more


















 chemicals 
lear more


















customer stories
the best pool support people in the area. always friendly, always helpful, and have all the answers about pools. and if they don’t they find out for you. ever helpful in keeping our pool clean and clear. angelis d.



    see more
  








download our pool service company interview selection checklist!



    get started
  

















5 convenient locations to serve you




main location and corporate
953 reon dr. virginia beach, va 23464
757-420-2222 757-420-6991 (fax)

store hourscontact us






aqua leisure pools
2093 general booth blvd. #101
virginia beach, va 23454
757-425-9411

store hourscontact us






aqua leisure pools
4604 pembroke lakes circle
virginia beach, va 23455
757-499-7711

store hourscontact us






aqua leisure pools
1101 battlefield blvd. s.
chesapeake, va 23322
757-436-7945

store hourscontact us






aqua leisure pools
2990 churchland blvd. suite 100
chesapeake, va 23321
757-484-7411

store hourscontact us



















































































 




quick links


home
about
join our team
customer reviews



consumer resources
vinyl liner replacement
covers
pool services



pool & hot tub supply store
weekly service
pool repair
parts & installation



pool closing / winterizing
pool opening
water testing
pool equipment



pool toys & floats
chemicals
promos
contact
















©2021 aqua leisure pools. all rights reserved. website designed  by pool marketing site. privacy policy.










close sidebar
contact us
have a question or would you like someone to contact you? please call us at 757-420-2222 or complete the form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.

 





















virginia

please leave this field empty.


how did you hear about us?internetreferralcommercialprint advertisementother

areas of interest?*vinyl liner replacementpool servicesupplies & chemicalspatio furnitureother (please specify)
how would you like to be contacted?emailphonetext








contact us












