













parachute – preventing injuries. saving lives.






























parachute






search

en
															/								fr



injury topics
programs
professional resources
donate
 
							menu						








search something specific

search


popular searches













filter by



						filter by type						clear
expand






										injury topics									




										programs									




										professional resources									




										pages									




										news releases									




										posts									




										resources									




										profiles									




										reports									






						filter by tag						clear
expand


i am a…




											athlete/coach										




											community organizer										




											educator										




											health-care practitioner										




											member of the public										




											parent/caregiver										




											researcher										




											road safety professional										




											senior										




											youth										


looking for information about…




											adults										




											children (5-12)										




											infants/toddlers (0-4)										




											older adults										




											youth (13-24)										






results for 


0/0 pages						
previous page
next page




no results found.


0/0 pages						
previous page
next page











back

home
injury topics
programs
professional resources
donate
search
 

about us
media
partners and donors
 

highlighted links
vulnerable road user (vru) safety resources repository
cost of injury in canada
 

follow @parachutecanada

facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube








preventing injuries. saving lives.

search something specific

search







 

support the ‘vital work’ of injury prevention
did you know that parachute receives no core funding from any level of government or academia? we rely on government project grants, corporate partnerships and support from people like you to continue our work in road safety, concussions recognition and management, fall prevention, child safety, poison prevention, and so much more. as dr. charles tator, renowned neurosurgeon and parachute’s co-founder says. “parachute needs your help to continue its vital work to prevent injuries that can happen at home, at play and on the move.” note: due to the 2024 canada post strike disruption, the government of canada has extended the charitable donations period so that donations made between jan. 1, 2025 and feb. 28, 2025 can be applied to your 2024 tax return.



 donate now to prevent injuries, and save lives.									




 

vehicle-for-hire driver training course accredited by city of toronto
register for parachute’s vehicle-for-hire training program for drivers in the city of toronto. click on the photo, right, to be taken to a page of information about our course and how to register, complete the course and obtain your certificate. after you read this page of information, if you have any further questions, please email info@parachute.ca.



program
													/ vehicle-for-hire driver training program															




 

get active safely in the great winter outdoors
participating in outdoor winter activities will help keep the whole family healthy, especially as pandemic isolation continues, but injuries can spoil the fun. learn tips on how to dress properly and safely for being active outside in cold weather at any age, and how to judge the thickness and safety of iced-over bodies of water.



injury topic
													/ winter outdoor safety															




 

winter sports and recreation
stay physically active this winter! our guides show how to remove hazards from winter sport and physical recreation activities by following safety standards and using the right equipment.



injury topic
													/ winter sports and recreation															





parachute in the news



the fight against photo radar: does it make streets safer?

 cbc radio the current – january 31, 2025					

link 


experts urge snowmobilers to stay safe this winter

 global news – january 16, 2025					

link 


car seat safety: tips for keeping your child safe and warm during winter

 durham kids family guide (link opens pdf – page 16) – january 14, 2025					

link 


why kids need to take more risks: science reveals the benefits of wild, free play

 nature magazine – january 9, 2025					

link 


parachute’s ceo pamela fuselli talks with 880 ched news’ courtney therieault about carbon monoxide poisoning

 ched radio edmonton – january 8, 2025					

link 

view more



why injury prevention matters
at parachute, canada’s national charity dedicated to injury prevention, we know the majority of injuries are predictable, and preventable.
in canada, unintentional injury is…

no.1 cause of death for people ages 1 to 34
no.4 cause of death overall
48 canadians die every day on average from an injury
61% of injury-caused deaths in seniors stem from falls



prevention works
in the past decade, we’ve seen fewer injury-related deaths in canada thanks to better laws, products and education. how we can do more:

have safer road design & construction
enforce regulations & ensure healthy policies put in place to reduce injury
improve how our homes are set up
follow best safety practices



our vision
we envision a canada free of serious injuries, with canadians living long lives to the fullest.
we want people to play, explore and be active while avoiding hazards that can cause injury and death.
so go ahead and skydive – but wear your parachute, when you do.
find more about parachute


keep canada healthy 
help us eliminate predictable and preventable injuries


know the facts
educate yourself, your family and your community using our online resources
understand the best practices
participate in our many programspromote our awareness campaigns


take action
advocate for changes in laws and regulations to build safer environments and for enforcement measures that will reduce injury.



as a charity, we rely on your financial support to continue our work.


donate now










open your parachute!
keep up to date with parachute’s news, programs, campaigns and events with our quarterly e-newsletter.
we promise to never share your information and send you only the most relevant information, never spam.

first name last name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe tonewsletter-2 yes, i would like to receive emails from parachute. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: parachute. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact




top






contact us



head office
150 eglinton ave east suite 308toronto, ontario m4p 1e8
telephone
647-776-5100
toll-free
1-888-537-7777
email
info@parachute.ca
for media enquiries,please contact
media@parachute.ca647-776-5128
charitable registration number:
13308 8419 rr0001



site mapinjury topics
programs
professional resources



about us
careers
media

partners and donors


connect with us
facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube




parachute acknowledges that our national office sits on what has been the ancestral land of the wendat, the haudenosaunee confederacy, and the anishinabek nation, including the mississaugas of the credit first nation, since time immemorial to today.
terms and conditions


site by premise:










