











software expert witness | barr group




















 

      skip to main content
    






+1 866 653-6233 linkedin software expert witness directory




search
search





about us contact us












toggle navigation








main navigation


expert services 


consulting experts in software and electronics


expert reports by testifying software experts


reverse engineering and forensic analysis


software source code review and analysis




areas of expertise 


left side


artificial intelligence


automotive systems


cloud computing


computer security


consumer electronics


electronic circuits


enterprise software


financial technology


firmware and iot




right side


industrial controls


mechanical design


medical devices


military & aerospace


mobile devices & apps


optical equipment


renewable energy


signal processing


telecommunications






matters & venues 


patent infringement and invalidity experts


software copyright and trade secrets experts


product liability and failure analysis experts


contract disputes and software project failures


venues and clients




directory


case studies 


directv anti-piracy


samsung software copyright


toyota runaway cars




resources 


expert witness blog


source code review in litigation


software source code discovery











 




















expertise matters.make your point with barr group’s team of expert witnesses and litigation consultants specializing in software, electronics, and related technology.request an expert witnessexplore our expert witness directory









testifying electronics and software expertsbarr group's electronics and software experts are internationally respected engineering practitioners and academics in the fields of software development, computer science, and electronics design. each is well-versed in examining and clearly presenting complex technical issues. our litigation support services include:source code reviewthorough and unbiased analysis of software and firmware source code by industry leading experts.reverse engineering & failure analysisexpert analysis of complex software, electronics, and electronic and cloud-based systems.consulting expert witnessesnon-testifying technical support for electronics and software litigation.expert reports & testimonyclear, concise, experienced and technically accurate testimony.

















 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 





 








previous


pause


next























“the arbitration went well, and barr group's expert was a very good witness.”




"barr group's expert was great to work with and very knowledgeable in his field.”




“we had a very tight deadline for code review and barr group came through for us.”




“only barr group really understood what we were looking for in our testifying expert.”




“it has been an absolute pleasure working with the barr group expert.”




“the arbitration went well, and the barr group expert was a very good witness. he was great to work with and very knowledgeable in his field. we would recommend him for sure.”





012345



















request an expert witness.call: +1 866 653-6233 or contact us








name



email



phone



category
- select -consulting and trainingexpert witness servicessource code review


message




submit


leave this field blank














find an expert witness with more credentials.barr group assists the legal community in finding the best expert witness for cases that require analysis of software or electronics and/or related opinions. we maintain an expert witness directory that provides profiles for a representative set of our engineers. however, not all of barr group's experts are profiled on our website. if you have a case involving product liability, patent infringement, contract disputes, or copyright and trade secrets that needs an expert, please contact us now for a free consultation.each of our expert witnesses is a highly qualified academic or experienced practitioner in the technology field whose impartial opinions are respected by courts and thus permitted to be expressed in front of judges and juries. depending on their technical field, a typical expert witness has both university degrees (often a ph.d.) as well as hands-on experience working in the industry. the courts of different jurisdictions, such as united states district court vs. the patent trial and appeal board, define the rules for permissible experts and testimony in their venues. we can help you find the best expert witness for your case.go to our directory to find an expert witness












call us


expert services
source code review servicesexpert witness directoryreverse engineering servicesexpert reports & testimonyhow-to technical articlesengineering services


latest insights




payment processing and e-payments fraud
albert einstein expert witness
medical device litigation and fda 510(k)
personality traits of the best expert witnesses











website contents copyright © 2012-2025 by barr group. | barr group's logo is a u.s.-registered ® trademark.sitemap  |  privacy












