

















welcome to valley health system | las vegas, nevada

























skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
careers
gme program



search


contact



loading
















menu









back







close






our facilities the valley health system overview: centennial hills hospital medical center 
elite medical center 
er at blue diamond 
er at cadence 
er at desert springs 
er at green valley ranch 
er at north las vegas 
er at south summerlin 
er at valley vista 
er at west craig 
henderson hospital 
spring valley hospital medical center 
summerlin hospital medical center 
valley health specialty hospital 
valley hospital medical center 
west henderson hospital 


services featured services: behavioral health 
cardiology 
ear, nose and throat 
emergency services 
family medicine 
gastroenterology 
internal medicine 
maternity 
neurology 
ob/gyn 
oncology 
orthopedics 
outpatient therapy 
pediatrics 
radiology 
rehabilitation 
respiratory services 
stroke services 
surgery 
weight-loss surgery 
wound care 


patients & visitors for patients: advance directives 
er reserve 
health records online 
obtaining medical records 
patient rights and responsibilities 
patient safety 
online registration - regie 
home health care 
er wait time 
mobile app 
no surprises act 
price guides 
valley health care centers powered by vera whole health 

billing and insurance: insurance plans 
online bill pay 
avoiding surprises in your medical bills 

for visitors: find a valley health system hospital 
visiting hours and rights 


resources for the community event calendars 
senior advantage 
volunteering 
welcome to las vegas 

health information blog 
flash flood tips 
heat safety tips 

the valley health system health news health news magazine online 
health education podcasts 


about the valley health system at a glance about us 
awards and accreditations 
careers 
contact us 
find a valley health system hospital 
media contacts 
news 
vhs board of governors 
graduate medical education consortium 






find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
careers
gme program
 



search form

search 



































          health happens here at the valley health system 
find out more! 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	gme program	    












	    	careers	    














	our system of care

	the valley health system is comprised of six acute care hospitals, seven freestanding emergency departments, and numerous primary care and specialty facilities in las vegas and southern nevada.









 filter options 

postal code 



distance 



mileskilometers






 search by filtering 
filter




 


 

javascript is required to view this map. 

view all locations 






































er at south summerlin to host community sneak peek on saturday, february 1, 2025

er at south summerlin to host community sneak peek on saturday, february 1, 2025
freestanding emergency department expected to begin patient care at 8 a.m. monday, february 3, 2025.
read 

west henderson hospital opens for patient care

west henderson hospital opens for patient care
west henderson hospital opened its doors to patient care as the newest acute care hospital in southern nevada on tuesday, december 3, 2024.
read 

henderson hospital, valley hospital earn "a" hospital safety grades from the leapfrog group

henderson hospital, valley hospital earn "a" hospital safety grades from the leapfrog group
the grade is based on over 30 performance measures reflecting errors, accidents, injuries and infections, as well as the systems hospitals have in...
read 




blog


at the  valley health system blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


who cares for the caregiver?

who cares for the caregiver? january 24, 2025 
	providing care for a loved one is a kind but exhausting task that can impact your mental health. find out what caregiver burnout is and ways to prevent it. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 16, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids january 10, 2025 
	approximately five out of six kids have at least one ear infection before they are old enough to start preschool. many kids have more than one. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















the valley health system2075 east flamingo road, las vegas, nv 89119 








contact us
about us
careers
news
valley health physician alliance
surgical weight control center



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	the valley health system is owned and operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the largest healthcare management companies in the nation.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither the valley health system or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors, shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.


privacy policy
terms of use
language assistance
site map
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency






© 2025 valley health system. all rights reserved.














