latest news, breaking news today - entertainment, cricket, business, politics - india today india todayaaj takgnttvlallantopbusiness todaybanglamalayalamnortheastbt bazaarharper's bazaarsports takcrime takastro takgamingbrides todaycosmopolitankisan takishq fmindia today hindireader’s digestindia todayaaj takgnttvlallantopbusiness todaybanglamalayalamnortheastbt bazaarharper's bazaarsports takmagazinelive tvsearchsearchsign inedition ininushome tvlive tvprimetimemagazinelatest editioninsightbest collegeslife+styleindiasouthglobalall world newsus newscanada newsuk newschina newsindians abroadbusinessall sportssports todaycricketfootballtennistechnologyentertainmentshowbuzzbollywoodhollywoodottlatest reviewsnewspresso specialspodcastsfirst things fastsunday specialhistory of itnewsmodiuinteractivesopiniongamesvideosshort videosfact check other newseducationit's viralsciencehealthautolaw todayenvironmentcitiesweatherweb storieshoroscopesdownload appfollow us on:   champions trophypm modi us visitdonald trump tariff warmaha kumbhincome tax calculatoradvertisement   news pm oli reacts to nepal woman student's suicide in odisha university amid outragenepal prime minister kp sharma oli addressed the death of nepali student prakriti lamsal in odisha. the nepali embassy sent officials to counsel students, offering them the choice to stay in their hostel or return home.
nepal pm addresses death of nepali student at bhubaneswar collegestudents demand transparency and justice from universitythe institute links death to personal issues, asks nepali students to leave.opinionthe quiet struggle of growing up hindu in us, and why silence is no more an optionhindus in the us have long been told we are "the good immigrants", but it is a double-edged sword. the people who praise us as hard-working immigrants turn on us when we become too successful. the time for quiet gratitude is over. we must own our identity, and speak out when we are misrepresented. build political and institutional power. make it clear that we are stakeholders in america's future, and aren't going anywhere.advertisementct 2025champions trophy: first glimpse of india's jersey out, features 'pakistan' imprintthe indian cricket team unveiled their new jersey for the icc champions trophy 2025 which interestingly has the hosts' pakistan name printed on it.world newsi shall return, that's why allah kept me alive: sheikh hasina attacks yunussheikh hasina criticised the muhammad yunus-led interim government, vowing to return and ensure justice for victims. she denied police involvement in protester deaths, asserting post-mortems would confirm her claims. hasina also defended police actions during the unrest.your daily capsule for quick news the quiet struggle of growing up hindu in us, and why silence is no more an optionmore >> 


us newswhy elon musk likes genghis khan, the conqueror who fathered hundreds of kidstesla and spacex chief elon musk has always tried to conquer, be it the electric car industry or space, the final frontier. musk has also fathered a number of children. his recent admission that he likes genghis khan shouldn't come as a surprise. the legendary mongol was one of the biggest conquerors who fathered hundreds of kids, and is said to have his dna in 16 million living descendants.bengaluru newsbengaluru to be hotter than delhi this year: weather bodybengaluru is experiencing record-breaking heat, surpassing delhi, with a high of 35.9 degree celsius on february 17, 2025. warmer days ahead, suggests imd. india news'leave ego aside': congress demands centre postpone selection of poll body chiefthe congress accused the government of violating a supreme court order by including the home minister, instead of the chief justice of india, in the panel to select the chief election commissioner. advertisementindia newsqatar emir in india, pm modi receives him at delhi airport in rare gestureboth the leaders shared hugs and were seen chuckling as they exchanged pleasantries at the airport. 
trending topicstaj mahotsav 2025vivo v50stock market todaydinesh karthik new income tax billbafta awards 2025maha kumbhbadshahpm modidelhi ncr earthquakehoroscope todayopiniondisease is not a joke, what's a stand-up comic got to do with it?diseases are to be discussed at a symposium sponsored by big pharmaceutical companies where doctors fly in on tickets paid for by the big pharmaceutical companies. is that kashmiri comic a doctor, a pharmacist, or a journalist?champions trophy 2025champions trophy: pakistan clarify indian flag controversy after backlashthe pakistan cricket board (pcb) has issued a clarification after india flag wasn't hoisted along with other nations on the the roof of the national stadium in karachi ahead of the icc champions trophy 2025. the big picturefive red flags railways missed just ahead of new delhi stampedethe stampede at new delhi railway station on saturday claimed 18 lives. the tragedy, which occurred hours after signs of overcrowding at the station, worsened due to confusing announcements, inadequate personnel, and delays in several eastbound trains on a few platforms on the ajmeri gate side. these were the five red flags, if noticed and acted upon, could have saved precious lives. india newsfrom dating apps to dine-and-dash: the rise of new-gen 'romance scams'online dating is more popular than ever, with 62% of people using dating apps, social media, or messaging platforms to find potential partners. half of those who met someone online have either been scammed for money or pressured into sending gifts. advertisementlatest storiesdonald trump faces backlash for air force one trip to daytona 500: taxpayer money wasted?fiery smriti mandhana and bowlers help rcb hammer dc, top table earlyi shall return, that's why allah kept me alive: sheikh hasina attacks yunusnikola jokic's priceless reaction to wembanyama's pre-game reading routine40-year-old afghan star dreams of playing with son, hints at extending career champions trophy: first glimpse of india's jersey out, features 'pakistan' imprintfunko fusion's failure triggers layoffs at 10:10 games – what's next?dj aqeel says 'whole world' was present at abhishek-aishwarya's sangeet partyneeraj recalls love story with himani, says marriage was no surprise to familyrenault kiger 2025, triber 2025 launched. check price, features, other detailsbollywoodsilent and sinister: how akshaye khanna's aurangzeb stole chhaavaakshaye khanna delivers a chilling, restrained portrayal of mughal emperor aurangzeb in chhaava, standing out amid past cinematic depictions. his silent menace contrasts vicky kaushal's fiery energy, proving that true power doesn't always need words—just presence.wpl 2025rcb vs dc highlights: smriti fires as rcb beat delhi for second windc vs rcb women's premier league (wpl) 2025 highlights: rcb hammered delhi by eight wickets riding on a magnificent innings from their captain smriti mandhana (81 off 47). as a result, they chased down 142 in 16.2 overs to register their second successive win of the season. earlier, delhi capitals were bowled out for 141 in 19.3 overs as renuka singh and georgia wareham picked three wickets each. india newsrahul gandhi slammed for flying banned chinese drone: 'rules don't apply to him?' in a video posted on x, congress mp rahul gandhi showcased a chinese dji drone which has been banned in india since 2022. he also acknowledged that "unfortunately, they don't allow to fly these in lutyens delhi". india newsnepal btech student's death by suicide in bhubaneswar college sparks big protesthundreds of students gathered on campus, chanting "we want justice", and accused the university administration of downplaying the alleged suicide case. mumbai newswatch: man falls into gap between train and platform, rescued by alert copa railway protection force personnel saved a 40-year-old passenger who slipped while boarding a moving train at andheri station. the dramatic rescue was captured on cctv, showing the officer pulling the man to safety.
kerala newswanted to clear debt before wife returned: kerala bank robber confesses motivea native of chalakudy in kerala's thrissur confessed to robbing a bank to clear his debts before his wife's return from abroad. the police arrested him and recovered rs 10 lakh of the rs 15 lakh stolen. india newscongress distances from sam pitroda's china remark: definitely not party's viewthe congress distanced itself from sam pitroda's remarks on china, stating they do not reflect the party's views. pitroda questioned the perceived chinese threat, calling it exaggerated. congress reaffirmed concerns over china's security and economic challenges. diua taste of their own medicine: reciprocal tariffs will hurt us healthcare and howabout 47 per cent of all generic prescriptions filed in the us were supplied by indian companies in 2022.  wellnessfrom weight loss to glowing skin: experts reveal the best morning drink for youwith countless 'right' morning drink recipes online, the overload of options has only led to confusion—what to actually drink to start your day? india newsin farewell speech, poll body chief flags 'misleading narratives' during electionsoutgoing chief election commissioner rajiv kumar, in his farewell speech, alleged that the poll body is "unfairly blamed" by those "unwilling to accept electoral outcomes" and is perceived as a "convenient scapegoat". us news'life-threatening cold' warning as many us states brace for severe polar vortex a polar vortex is bringing life-threatening cold to the rockies and northern plains after winter storms battered the eastern us, killing at least 10 people. kentucky saw severe flooding, with nine deaths, while snow and ice caused road chaos in the midwest.  india newsturban thrown in dustbin, tortured in us detention camp: deportee recounts horrora 23-year-old man who was deported from the us to amritsar along with 111 others on sunday alleged he faced torture in a detention camp when he was caught entering the us illegally. he claimed he was in shackles on the deportation flight. india today podcastshealth wealthwhat is an 'undignified' death? | health wealth, ep 8337:34nothing but the truththe big takeaways| nothing but the truth, s2, ep 7839:49sledging roomchampions trophy: shreyas iyer's shocking claim exposes india's think-tank problem | sledging room, s2 ep 7649:49geeta's worldwhy modi's visits to france and america matter | geeta's world, ep 11830:32health wealthaiims delhi special: can a smelly shoe cure epilepsy? | health wealth, ep 8246:29nothing but the truthgovt must get out of the way| nothing but the truth, s2, ep 7749:27sledging roomno way back to t20is for shubman gill and rishabh pant? | sledging room, s2 7547:27geeta's worldshould india worry about donald trump's china policy? | geeta's world, ep 11736:48anchorsshowsrajdeep sardesairahul kanwalshiv aroorgaurav c sawantpreeti choudhrynabila jamalmonday to friday at 09:00 pmmonday to friday at 08:00 pmmonday to friday at 07:30 pmmonday to friday at 05:00 pmmonday to friday at 10:30 pm

advertisement

 


 



what’s happening in tv


 magazine life+style india south

 global business all sportsmorevideostrendingfirst things fastnews todaynewstrackto the point5ive liveindia firstindia newslalu yadav says 'kumbh is faaltu' after new delhi station stampede kills 18india newslast minute platform change, no cops: eyewitnesses recount stampede horrorindia newscongress's gaurav gogoi denies wife's links to pak spy agency amid bjp attacksindia newsyamuna river clean-up begins weeks after bjp's delhi poll victoryview all

advertisement

 


 



celebritiesdj aqeel says 'whole world' was present at abhishek-aishwarya's sangeet partydj aqeel shares experiences from performing at high-profile bollywood weddings, highlighting the contrast between saif-kareena and abhishek-aishwarya's sangeet ceremonies.bollywoodkriti sanon begins shooting for dhanush's tere ishk meinactor kriti sanon has begun shooting for the aanand l rai film, tere ishk mein, which will see her sharing screen space with dhanush.  televisionlegends of shiva: amish tripathi gets real about lord shiva in his latest showauthor and producer amish tripathi returns as host of legends of shiva with amish, a new show on discovery channel, exploring lord shiva beyond myths. unveiled at the new delhi book fair, it promises a deep dive into mythology coinciding with maha kumbh 2025. hollywoodryan reynolds, blake lively's first appearance amid legal drama with justin baldoniryan reynolds and blake lively made a notable appearance at snl's 50th anniversary, drawing media attention amidst ongoing legal issues. the couple's presence was marked by a light-hearted exchange during a skit. visual storiesentertainmentpriyanka chopra's childhood diariesauto10 of the greatest cars ever madesportschampions trophy: top knocks of virat kohlilifestylepopcorns, anyone? emma stone's dress is serving (for real)technologyoneplus nord ce 4 lite price dropstechnologyiphone 14 price drops
advertisement

 







 
trending videosindia newslalu yadav says 'kumbh is faaltu' after new delhi station stampede kills 18india newslast minute platform change, no cops: eyewitnesses recount stampede horrorindia newscongress's gaurav gogoi denies wife's links to pak spy agency amid bjp attacksindia newsyamuna river clean-up begins weeks after bjp's delhi poll victory
advertisement

 


      
  follow us on:                      advertisement        publicationsindia todaybusiness todayindia today-hinditime televisionindia today tvaaj tak good news todayeventsagenda aajtakindia today conclavesahitya aajtak radioishq fmaajtak radiogamingindia today gaming world esports cupuseful linkspress releasesitemapnewsnewsletter privacy policycorrection policylmil documentsprintingthomson presswelfarecare todaydistributionrate card    syndications  headlines today        websites  india today india today malayalam india today ne business today dailyo aajtak lallantop bangla gnttv ichowk reader’s digest cosmopolitan    education  vasant valley best colleges best universities          trending topicstaj mahotsav 2025vivo v50stock market todaydinesh karthik new income tax billbafta awards 2025maha kumbhbadshahpm modidelhi ncr earthquakelatesthoroscope todaydownload app              about us contact us terms and conditions archives    copyright © 2025 living media india limited. for reprint rights: syndications today 