


john e. stith, writer, website -- neverend.com | neverend.com






























skip to main content
skip to search









 





 
toggle

main menu
homemy account










by dr. radut


 



site links

home
news
blog
naught for hire
future
covers
excerpts
bibliography
biography
reviews
honors
rights
store
faqs
manuscript format
miscellaneous
links
wallpaper
contact
 







john e. stith, writer, website -- neverend.com 






john e. stith's novels include redshift rendezvous (nebula award nominee from ace books), manhattan transfer (hugo award honorable mention from tor books), reunion on neverend, and reckoning infinity (on science fiction chronicle's best science fiction novels list for its publication year).
manhattan transfer, first published by tor books and the science fiction book club, has been optioned in 2022 for television by award-winning producer sky conway. partial funding for the tv pilot has been secured, and there is a wefunder page to solicit investment funding. more information here.

 
 
published october 1st 2024: tiny time machine: the complete trilogy. ttm is a ya science-fiction novel published by amazing stories under their amazing select imprint for stand-alone books.  the trilogy volume includes all three books: tiny time machine, aka tiny time machine 1: when meg met josh (2021),  tiny time machine 2: return of the father, (2023). and tiny time machine 3: mother of invention (2024).
 
 
 
published december 1, 2024. disavowed.  the sole survivor of a botched mission overcomes terrible odds to reach home. and then the real trouble starts. from amazing select, the imprint of amazing stories.

 
 
his mystery-suspense novel, pushback, was published in hardcover, trade paperback, and ebook on 1 november 2018. patronize your local independent bookstore (here, hooked on books is great) or if you can't, look online. amazon, for instance. audible has released the audiobook also. publishers weekly says, "stith...successfully expands his horizons with this unsettling hitchcockian thriller.... judicious use of humor provides some relief from the dark plot line. fans of daniel palmer-esque intelligent suspense will be pleased." mysterious book report says, "...meticulously well-plotted and insightful novel of psychological suspense that plumbs the deepest depths of the human heart and soul."
pushback is a finalist for the colorado author's league award, a finalist for the book excellence award for thrillers, and a finalist for the daphne du maurier award for excellence in mystery/suspense.

his other novels are scapescope, memory blank, death tolls, and deep quarry.
in addition to the original hardcover and paperback publications, new editions with new covers were re-released in trade paperback and in a variety of ebook formats by reanimus press during 2016 and 2017. here's a link for his work on amazon: https://www.amazon.com/john-e.-stith/e/b000ap9eno
in brief--
memory blank: in space... what you don't know can kill you.
deep quarry. a buried starship. nasty aliens. love and death.
redshift rendezvous: one fabulously wealthy colony. one hyperspace craft. one team of ruthless hijackers. one loner in their way. do the math.
manhattan transfer: aliens just kidnapped manhattan. they picked the wrong city to mess with.
reunion on neverend: ancient secret. old girlfriend. imminent danger.
death tolls: when disaster strikes on mars, one news team is always first.
reckoning infinity: the bionic woman meets journey to the center of the earth.
all for naught: nick naught, private eye. an analog guy in a digital world.
scapescope: brother sammy wants you!  in prison. for something you haven't done yet.
check out the tiny time machine announcement page.
he's the author of all for naught, which collects "naught for hire," and "naught again" both first appearing in analog. if you hear about "naught for hire" verbally, you might think the title is "not for hire" but it's not.

 
want to help spread the word about john e. stith? see the con flyers page.
 
about some of the links
the stith store merchandising page lets you order t-shirts, mugs, and mousepads with graphics from your favorite john e. stith novels and science-fiction art.
this is the free wallpaper page.
a few less-than-serious words from the author. (mp3 audio)
   (audio clip revised 8/4/98, depends on adobe flash being installed.)
john e. stith on mastodon
 






naught for hire fake headlines







            robosanta caught groping patrons at dance club. "but only the naughty ones. ho ho ho, if you know what i mean."          





more headlines

 




john e. stith additional online links

facebook personal page (writing news, photographs, humor, daily life) https://www.facebook.com/john.e.stith
amazon https://www.amazon.com/stores/john-e.-stith/author/b000ap9eno
goodreads https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/73455.john_e_stith
mastodon https://techhub.social/@johnestith
blog https://www.neverend.com/blogs/john-e-stith
youtube https://www.youtube.com/@johnestith
email newsletter signup: https://eepurl.com/bgl4kj or normal url: https://neverend.us12.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=96f965b2e25b691f022c47...







 





 





follow @johnestith
 





the blog







            01/17/2025          

disavowed reviewed by locus (paul di filippo) 



            01/15/2025          

tiny time machine reviewed by pulp fiction reviews 



            01/15/2025          

disavowed has been published 



            10/4/2024          

tiny time machine: the complete trilogy has been published 



            07/22/2024          

tiny time machine: the complete trilogy has sold to amazing stories 




 





email newsletter







subscribe to the john e. stith writing news mailing list
get occasional freebies and advanced news
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 





 






search form

search 





 








main menuhome
my account
 






..........
 



copyright ©  john e. stith.  all rights reserved.  













