







hunting and outdoor supplies




 







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


we accept the following credit cards:





 


all 
            prices are in new zealand dollars with 15% gst included.
overseas customers 
              are not liable for gst, divide nz$ by 1.15 and then use the below currency converter:



 





              currency converter by oanda


             








   search our website:


loading



             



             




 
 
 


our business
welcome 
              to hunting and outdoor supplies - new zealand's number one outdoors website with competitve prices on thousands of products. we offer online shopping from new zealand to anywhere in the world with secure shopping cart and order forms.  hunting and outdoor supplies is a family owned business situated in the small town of carterton in the wairarapa. 
 
 

              our retail shop


 
 
 


our history 
the business started in 1987 when the owner and founder, ross collings, decided to continue on with his father's business collings 
                and bradey which specialised in gunsmithing, firearms and 
                firearm products. ross started a new shop called hunting and outdoor supplies which 
                originally was a shop and mail order business run through his 
                garage that he had converted into a workshop and shop.  as the business expanded over the years, he hired tim wolland 
                  to help run the shop.
 
 

              tim and ross


 
 
 


our website
hunting and outdoor supplies is well known for its user friendly 
                website and has been created and is maintained by ross' twin daughters jessica and 
                rachel. our website is updated frequently as we endeavour to keep our products 
                 available, our prices  accurate and new products added as they come out. 
 
 

              rachel and jessica


 
 
 


goodwin prototyping
in recent years, ross has begun a new business with his two sons richard and eric called goodwin prototyping.   this business does the gunsmithing work for the shop 
            and also involves designing and producing products including moderators and muzzle brakes.
 
 

              our workshop


 
 
 


our shop 
goodwin prototyping has built a large warehouse in carterton that has the hunting 
                and outdoor supplies retail shop at the front, and the goodwin prototyping workshop at the back.
 
 

                our building


 
 
 


our products 
hunting and outdoor supplies promotes new zealand made products 
                (check out our k2 hunter packs   
                and svord knives) and all imported 
            products are of top quality (check out our leupold riflescopes and irish setter boots). thank you for choosing to shop with us.
 
 

              our retail shop


 
 
 










  





aj productions deluxe mkii universal game caller with remote controller - new 2023 model nz$188 (incl. gst)
key features: 
*
                  larger speaker: 75mm.
*
                  15 volume control levels.
*
                  volume output: 120+ decibels (no need to use any accessory amplifier).
*
                  two x interchangeable sound cards slots = 10 recordings.
*
                  operates on 4 x aa batteries for extra longevity (not supplied).
*
                  alternative dc 6-12v dc power socket. 
*
                  remote controller distance from 8 to 100 metres line of sight.

 
platypus big zip™ evo 2 litre lumbar reservoir nz$69 (incl. gst)

introducing the big zip™ evo - the latest evolution in taste-free hydration from platypus. delivering an extremely high flow rate, self-sealing hyflo bite valve, large drink tube, simple one-handed filling, easy cleaning, fast drying, quick access drink tube disconnect, leak-proof shutoff valve, and more, the big zip evo is a top pick for hikers, backpackers, travelers and mountain bikers. the big zip evo is available in 1.0l, 2.0l, 3.0l & lumbar 2.0l.
 
platypus big zip™ evo 3 litre reservoir nz$76 (incl. gst)

introducing the big zip™ evo - the latest evolution in taste-free hydration from platypus. delivering an extremely high flow rate, self-sealing hyflo bite valve, large drink tube, simple one-handed filling, easy cleaning, fast drying, quick access drink tube disconnect, leak-proof shutoff valve, and more, the big zip evo is a top pick for hikers, backpackers, travelers and mountain bikers. 



 
 
 
 
 


ridgeline mens ascent softshell jacket in excape camo nz$180 (incl. gst)

* model # rlcsjas
                      * colours: realtree excape camouflage 
* sizes: xs - 5xl

showcasing the new ridgeline excape camo from realtree, the mens ascent softshell gives the edge out in the field while keeping warm, comfortable and quiet with new stretch fabric allowing ample movement.
click here for our new ridgeline outdoor clothing!
 
ridgeline defender gaiters - nature camo nz$83 (incl. gst)
features:
 * colours: nature camo 
* sizes: small/medium and large/x-large
* waterproof, quick drying quiet fabric.
                          *
                          compatable with all ridgeline boots.
                          * top grip strip. 
                          *
                          two 25mm securing velcro straps.
                          *
                          front lace hook.
                          *
                          tabs to secure under your boot.
                          * durable.
click here for our new ridgeline defender gaiters in olive!
 
garmin etrex® 32x rugged handheld gps device with compass and barometric altimeter nz$560 (incl. gst)
preloaded with topoactive aus/nz maps
*
                    2.2” sunlight-readable color display with 240 x 320 display pixels for improved readability.
                    *
                    preloaded with topoactive maps with routable roads and trails for cycling and hiking.
                    *
                    support for gps and glonass satellite systems allows for tracking in more challenging environments than gps alone.
                    *
                    8 gb of internal memory for map downloads plus a microsd™ card slot.



 
 
 
 
 


victorinox swiss army knife - forester (black) nz$84 (incl. gst)
* model # 0.8363.3
just like you, the forester is always ready to leave the city and head toward the heart of nature. go back to the roots with 12 essential functions including a screwdriver and a large lock blade. no doubt that the forest is its preferred playground, but you can also keep it with you while exploring the urban jungle.
 

allen shotwave earbuds - switchable hearing protection from 12db to 25db nz$33 (incl. gst)
the allen® shotwave™ earbuds allow you to protect your hearing and listen to low-db sounds in a small, comfortable silicone earbud system.   the allen® shotwave™ earbuds are unique due to their analog (non-electronic) proprietary design that allows the user control of sound protection through an external push button system.
 
bushnell engage™ 3-9x40mm riflescope (capped turrets) - deploy moa reticle nz$494 (incl. gst)
the bushnell engage 3-9x40mm riflescope is a classic mid-range configuration scope which features capped windage and elevation turrets to avoid accidental adjustments in the field. 
click here for all of our new bushnell engage riflescopes!


 
 
 
 
 


leupold® vx-6hd™ 4-24x52mm (34mm) cds-tzl3 side focus dial matte black riflescope  nz$4,033 (incl. gst)
whether you’re in the wilderness or at the range, you never know what distance an opportunity might present itself. this is where the vx-6hd 4-24x52mm can come in handy. having the ability to walk around on four power, knowing you can go all the way up to 24x magnification at a moment’s notice gives you the flexibility to dominate almost any hunting or shooting situation. 
click here for all of our new leupold vx-6hd
                    riflescopes!
 
t4g topo-4-gps - topo maps of new zealand for garmin gps  - microsd/sd card nz$96 (incl. gst)
features:
 * ready for your handheld garmin gps device.
                      *
                      compiled from linz (land information new zealand) data.
                      *
                      includes doc tracks, huts, camps & hunting blocks. 
                      *
                      data loaded onto a microsd card (includes sd card adaptor). 
 
leupold bx-1 yosemite 10x30mm binoculars - new shadow grey finish! nz$350   (incl. gst)
smaller interpupillary distance adjustments mean anyone from children 
                    to adults can enjoy the serious optical performance of the yosemite® 
                    series binoculars.
* model # 117981
* 
                  actual magnification: 10x 
* linear field of view (ft/1000 yd): 351 ft
* linear field of view (m/1000 m): 117 m
* angular field of view (degrees): 6.7°


 
 
 
 
 


aqua-straw® - personal water filter nz$39 (incl. gst)
the aqua-straw® outdoor survival water filter gives you up to 1,500 litres of fresh, clean drinking water. removes up to 99.9% percent of waterborne bacteria and protozoan.  aqua-straw® is the ultimate survival and outdoor water filter. 

                      * two-layer filtration
                      *
                      filter accuracy: 0.01 micron!
                      *
                      ​removes up to 99.9% of waterborne bacteria and protozoan​
                      *                        
                      includes extension pipe and a threaded bottom compatible with many drink bottles​​
                      *
                      compact & light weight for easy carrying
                      *
                      filter up to 1500 litres of fresh water​
 
leupold® vx-freedom™ 1.5-4x20mm (1-inch) matte black riflescope - moa-ring reticle nz$690 (incl. gst)
a new generation of shooters deserves a new riflescope. with the   vx®-freedom™ you get best-in-class optics and unbeatable accuracy. it’s   also everything you expect from a leupold: designed, machined, and   assembled in our oregon factory, tested to the same ruggedness standards   as our top-tier riflescopes, and guaranteed for a lifetime of   performance. the new vx-freedom defines what a rifle scope should be: reliable, accurate, and extremely clear and bright. 
click here for all of our new leupold vx-freedom riflescopes!
 
nikko stirling panamax precision 4-12x40    riflescope with half mil dot reticle and 6x turrets nz$290 (incl. gst)
specifications:
* model # 
                      npp41240
                      * magnification: 4-12
* objective diameter: 40mm
* field of view at 100m: high power: 3.6m / lower power: 11.0m
* field of view at 100yds: high power: 10.9yds / lower power: 32.9yds
* click value at 100m: 7mm
* click value moa: 1/4 


 
 
 
 
 


 





 
 
 
 
 


lonely track rustla 5-piece clothing pack total value nz$199.95! our price nz$97 (incl. gst)
pack includes:
1: southwesta fleece tee - black colour and 200 gsm micro fleece weight. rrp $29.99.
2: 
                        buffer fleece pants - black colour and 270 gsm fleece weight. rrp $79.99. 
3: 
                            huntaway long sleeve zip top - black colour and 200 gsm micro fleece weight. rrp $49.99. 
4:
                                beanie - black colour and 200 gsm micro fleece weight. rrp $19.99. 
5:
                                    tus-socks - black colour. rrp $19.99.
                                      freight free within new zealand!
 

led lenser mt18 rechargeable torch - 3000 lumens special rrp nz$499 our price nz$410 (incl. gst)
this torch has got to be seen to be believed! weighing only 620 grams and just 171 mm in length, the mt18 torch is comfortable to hold in one hand yet provides an unbelievable amount of light. with 3000 lumens of brightess and a beam range of 540 metres, this torch is a beast of mammoth proportions. 
 

browning 
                    x-bolt - stainless stalker (without rings) special! was nz$1875 now nz$1690 (incl. gst)
description: receiver - stainless steel • matte finish • 
                    glass bedded • drilled and tapped for scope mounts 
barrel - stainless steel • matte finish • free floating • 
                    hand chambered • target crown 
action - bolt-action • 60º bolt lift • adjustable feather 
                    trigger™ • detachable rotary magazine • top-tang safety with bolt 
                    unlock button 




 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 








check out our gift 
              ideas page here!


more 
                    new products



please call us on 
                  0800 131 609



 






copyright © 1998-2023 hunting and outdoor supplies.  all rights reserved.  updated january 2025.









