  home | abpsi     followfollowfollowfollowfollow creating zola mondays career center register | 56th convention log in become a member donate nowdonate nowlog inbecome a member homeabout abpsiabout abpsileadershipstatementscontact usprogramsnational programscertification in african/black psychologysawubonaschool and organization consultationjegnashipabpsi global institutemembershipmembership benefitsprofessional chaptersstudent circlestudent circlestudent circle researchscholarships and awardsresourcesall events56th conventionjournal of black psychologynewsroomblack wellness directorycareer centerannual reportseppp study materialssponsorship opportunitiesshopevents    liberating black mindssince 1968 join the movement**video – towards a black psychology by shawn utsey, ph.d. welcome to the association of black psychologists, inc. (abpsi)we are honored to welcome you to this distinguished community of scholars, practitioners, students, artists, activists, and visionaries dedicated to the well-being of people of african descent. since its founding in 1968, abpsi has been a leader in research, practice, and innovation within the field of african/black psychology.whether you are here to contribute to cutting-edge research and programming, engage in meaningful dialogue, or connect with like-minded professionals, your voice and participation are essential to our mission. together, we honor the legacy of our ancestors and elders, amplify the strengths of our communities, and build a future rooted in justice and collective well-being for generations to come.we look forward to partnering with you in this transformative work. together, we stand in purpose and solidarity. learn moreour missionthe association of black psychologists sees its mission and destiny as the liberation of the african mind, empowerment of the african character, and enlivenment and illumination of the african spirit. join abpsidonate to abpsinational programsabpsi global institutebuilding global solidaritycertification in african black psychology (cabp)expertise in the science of african/black psychologysawubona healing circlecommunal healing in practiceschool and organizational consultationnurturing the next generationbecome a memberparticipate in an organization committed to the spiritual, mental and physical well-being of african and african descended people. 9jegnaship (mentoring) 9access to abpsi’s on-line career center 9scholarships & awards 9access to national programs 9listing in the abpsi black wellness directory 9 voting privileges (except for affiliate members) 9reduced annual convention registration fees 9subscription to the journal of black psychology 9subscription to the psychdiscourse news journal 9be a part of creating zola mondays 950% discount on eppp study materials  the journal of black psychology is celebrating 50 years!since 1974, the journal of black psychology has led and recorded the most outstanding contributions within the field of psychology toward the understanding of the experiences and behavior of black populations learn morebecome a member of abpsi“becoming a member of the abpsi is more than just joining a professional organization—it’s stepping into a community committed to the liberation, well-being and joy of african/black people globally.” sharon l. bethea, ph.d.president, the association of black psychologists inc. join volunteer donate  join us for the 56th convention! | july 30  – august 3, 2025 register for the 56th convention   volunteervolunteering for the association of black psychologists offers a unique opportunity to advance the impact of an organiz… learn moredonateour organization is able to continue its mission because of your support and generosity. by contributing to a… learn morejoinbecoming a member of the association of black psychologists connects you with a community of committed to the mental… learn moreeventsattending an event hosted by the association of black psychologists provide a valuable opportunity… learn more the association of black psychologists sees its mission and destiny as the liberation of the african mind, empowerment of the african character, and enlivement and illumination of the african spirit.homelearnprogramsmembershipstudent circlecontactdonatebecome a memberloginfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowcontact (301)449.3082 national office abpsi@abpsi.org 7119 allentown rd #203, fort washington, md 20744careers event feed © the association of black psychologists 2025. website design and content by president sharon l. bethea, phd, and candace wilson.website design and development:  include web design         
