

manufacturers & exporters of electrical accessories

























































welcome to super impex
super impex is a joint venture of our associate manufacturers & super impex to professionally distribute the entire range of electrical fittings and accessories.

            the core competence area of super impex is its high standards in quality. ace is backed by strong foundations of iso 9001: 2000 manufactures & ul approved products of its parent companies super impex which is ul listed for s.s grounding equipment (the safety standards for us and canada). 
the best of these two companies combine to give you unmatched excellence in all its products & services, from manufacturing to delivery of its finished goods. all the products are designed to met international standards, ensuring compliance with the demands of a majority of end users. 
super impex welcomes you to discover, for yourselves, the best in the field fo electrical fittings and accessories.
 
 










home | about us | enquiry & contacts 
earthing & lightning | cable lugs & terminals | cable glands | conduits & accessories | copper braid | cable trays & shruts


 super impex 
marketing & communications:
          305 adhyaru industrial estate, 
          sun mill compound, lower parel, 
          mumbai - 400013.  india
          tel # : +91-22- 61485400 (20 lines), 
          fax # : +91-22-66341933
          e-mail : info@superimpex.com  


 








copyright © 2010 super impex 
website by gkstechnolgies 




these jordan 4 retro cool grey seniors should be very proud of themselves and what they accomplished. on thursday night, a man who had been inhabiting one of the trees there for 89 days was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, wherein he allegedly attacked another man with a knife while still in his tree.. larry ford received his masters in counseling with an emphasis in human relations from the university of oklahoma,cheap jordan 1 og volt gold and he received his doctorate in behavioral health from arizona state university. because of graphite and lifeless build, the tongue spot flaunts several flag including yellow, indigo and bordeaux window treatments. kobe bryant was the son of a professional basketball player, but not just any ol' professional basketball player. another characteristic of these shoes is that their name and fame still continue, while their creator, michael jordan retired from the basket ball fraternity many years back.. computer science encompasses both the theoretical and the practical aspects of the study of computers and cheap jordan 1 og black gold algorithmic processes.

