










neilmed® pharmaceuticals - get that clean nose feeling today!












































































 






















skip to content








 +1 877 477 8633 questions@neilmed.com
 store locator









 medical professionals & pharmacists neilmed worldwide 





































 
homeabout us about us about neilmed core values external links careers in media print television radio web medical publications articles & literatures testimonials customer testimonials physician testimonials contact us contact us global locations newsletter sign upproducts product categories nasal care sinus rinse nasaflo neti pot pulsating nasal wash nasal saline spray nasal decongestant nasal moisturizer aromatherapy hydromed babies & kids ear care first aid accessories & devices piercing aftercare product information directions for use & warnings instructional videos disinfection protocol faqs buy locally customer surveys physician survey current promotions product tools store locator download brochure online rebate submission register product product trainingsinus & allergy tools sinus & allergy tools sinus & allergy quiz ask a doctor faqs medical articles, literatures & publications medical articles & literatures principles of nasal irrigation why doctors prefer neilmed volume rinse vs microsprayorder nowask a doctorblog












search














 

















      your browser does not support html5 video.
    

















get that clean nose feeling®






safe • simple • effective • affordable






neilmed® is the first name in all-natural, drug-free nasal care. we are a diverse family of experienced, dependable, and innovative wellness advocates dedicated to helping people breathe easier. we develop the safe, effective, affordable medically-proven products supported by the reliable, responsive, and caring customer experience you'd expect from the worldwide leader in nasal care.




















nielmed® in media




neilmed® in mediaview neilmed in the media including print, television, radio, and digital media on the world wide web. 










faq & knowledgebase




faq & knowledgebaseget all your answers on sinus, allergy & nasal irrigation related issues. 










where to buy




where to buyenter you zip code or address and find stores near you that are stocking neilmed products. 














view current promotions




view current promotionskeep up with the most recent neilmed promotions!  click here to learn more. 










ask a doctor




ask a doctorask questions and get answers, or search our knowledgebase. 










physician testimonials




physician testimonialstestimonials from renowned physicians. all testimonials provided purely as a courtesy. 













how to videos




how to videosget complete details on how to use neilmed products. view our professional how to use instructional videos. 










sinus & allergy tools




sinus & allergy toolsexplore various interactive and educational tools & resources about sinus, allergy, and nasal irrigation. 










medical articles & literatures




medical articles & literaturesmedical articles, literatures, and publications gathered by neilmed. 


















featured products






















hydropulse neo















eustachi eustachian tube exerciser














nasamist isotonic saline spray















clearcanal all natural ear wax removal

















products available nationwide










































































































click here for a complete list




















get that clean nose feeling®





order now

































join our newsletter





join our mailing list to stay up to date the the latest information on special offers, promotions, medical literatures, and publications.















subscribe
go










 










about us neilmed® is the largest manufacturer and supplier of lvlp (large volume low pressure) saline nasal irrigation systems in the world. the neilmed brand of products help alleviate common nasal and sinus symptoms in a simple, safe, effective and affordable way. the company supplies millions of products to end users through various trade channels.
read more

important linkscareers
contact us
disclaimer
privacy policy
ccpa privacy notice for california residents
return policy
guarantee
get in touch







facebook





twitter





instagram





pinterest





youtube







 questions@neilmed.com
 +1 877 477 8633
 601 aviation blvd, santa rosa ca 95403, usa
download the neilmed® app!

 





have questions? call toll free in usa & canada only:  +1 877 477 8633  |   +1 707 525 3784  |   questions@neilmed.com
copyright ©  neilmed pharmaceuticals inc., all rights reserved. |   













accessibility



 accessibility modes

 



	                    epilepsy safe mode                        




epilepsy safe mode
dampens color and removes blinks


this mode enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.





	                    visually impaired mode                        




visually impaired mode
improves website's visuals


this mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as degrading eyesight, tunnel vision, cataract, glaucoma, and others.





	                    cognitive disability mode                        




cognitive disability mode
helps to focus on specific content


this mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as dyslexia, autism, cva, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.





	                    adhd friendly mode                        




adhd friendly mode
reduces distractions and improve focus


this mode helps users with adhd and neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions.





	                    blindness mode                        




blindness mode
allows using the site with your screen-reader


this mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as jaws, nvda, voiceover, and talkback. a screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it.


 online dictionary




start typing to search in wikipedia






 readable experience
 

content scaling




default







text magnifier





readable font





dyslexia friendly





highlight titles





highlight links




font sizing




default






line height




default






letter spacing




default







left aligned





center aligned





right aligned



 visually pleasing experience
 


dark contrast





light contrast





monochrome





high contrast





high saturation





low saturation




adjust text colors




































adjust title colors




































adjust background colors



































 easy orientation
 


mute sounds





hide images





virtual keyboard





reading guide





stop animations





reading mask





highlight hover





highlight focus





big dark cursor





big light cursor





navigation keys




link navigator



                            select an option                        








reset settings


hide forever


neilmed pharmaceuticals inc
accessibility statement





accessibility statement

www.neilmed.com
february 18, 2025


compliance status
we firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone, and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience,
regardless of circumstance and ability.
to fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the world wide web consortium’s (w3c) web content accessibility guidelines 2.1 (wcag 2.1) at the aa level.
these guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible
to all people: blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more.
this website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times. we utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific
disabilities to adjust the website’s ui (user interface) and design it to their personal needs.
additionally, the website utilizes an ai-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly. this application remediates the website’s html,
adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by the blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments.
if you’ve found a malfunction or have ideas for improvement, we’ll be happy to hear from you. you can reach out to the website’s operators by using the following email 
screen-reader and keyboard navigation
our website implements the aria attributes (accessible rich internet applications) technique, alongside various different behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with
screen-readers are able to read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions. as soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive
a prompt to enter the screen-reader profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively. here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements,
alongside console screenshots of code examples:


screen-reader optimization: we run a background process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website.
	in this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the aria set of attributes. for example, we provide accurate form labels;
	descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.); validation guidance for form inputs; element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups),
	and others. additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images and provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an alt (alternate text) tag
	for images that are not described. it will also extract texts that are embedded within the image, using an ocr (optical character recognition) technology.
	to turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the alt+1 keyboard combination. screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the screen-reader mode on
	as soon as they enter the website.
these adjustments are compatible with all popular screen readers, including jaws and nvda.


keyboard navigation optimization: the background process also adjusts the website’s html, and adds various behaviors using javascript code to make the website operable by the keyboard. this includes the ability to navigate the website using the tab and shift+tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with esc, trigger buttons and links using the enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the spacebar or enter key.additionally, keyboard users will find quick-navigation and content-skip menus, available at any time by clicking alt+1, or as the first elements of the site while navigating with the keyboard. the background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, and not allow the focus drift outside of it.
users can also use shortcuts such as “m” (menus), “h” (headings), “f” (forms), “b” (buttons), and “g” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.


disability profiles supported in our website

epilepsy safe mode: this profile enables people with epilepsy to use the website safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
visually impaired mode: this mode adjusts the website for the convenience of users with visual impairments such as degrading eyesight, tunnel vision, cataract, glaucoma, and others.
cognitive disability mode: this mode provides different assistive options to help users with cognitive impairments such as dyslexia, autism, cva, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily.
adhd friendly mode: this mode helps users with adhd and neurodevelopmental disorders to read, browse, and focus on the main website elements more easily while significantly reducing distractions.
blindness mode: this mode configures the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as jaws, nvda, voiceover, and talkback. a screen-reader is software for blind users that is installed on a  computer and smartphone, and websites must be compatible with it.
keyboard navigation profile (motor-impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard tab, shift+tab, and the enter keys. users can also use shortcuts such as “m” (menus), “h” (headings), “f” (forms), “b” (buttons), and “g” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.

additional ui, design, and readability adjustments

font adjustments – users, can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more.
color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome. additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds, with over 7 different coloring options.
animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button. animations controlled by the interface include videos, gifs, and css flashing transitions.
content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize important elements such as links and titles. they can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only.
audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing. this option lets users mute the entire website instantly.
cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine that is linked to wikipedia and wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others.
additional functions – we provide users the option to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions.

browser and assistive technology compatibility
we aim to support the widest array of browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share including google chrome, mozilla firefox, apple safari, opera and microsoft edge, jaws and nvda (screen readers), both for windows and for mac users.
notes, comments, and feedback
despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating and improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. all this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility, following technological advancements. for any assistance, please reach out to  













scroll to top



please wait while you are redirected to the right page...







we use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. this includes personalizing content and advertising. by continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and revised privacy policy. 
 
accept    
 

privacy policy 

    change settings  






cookie box settings



cookie box settings






 privacy settings


decide which cookies you want to allow.

you can change these settings at any time. however, this can result in some functions no longer being available. for information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.

learn more about the cookies we use.


with the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies: 





block all




essentials




functionality




analytics




advertising







this website will:

this website won't:


 



 remember which cookies group you accepted
 essential: remember your cookie permission setting
 essential: allow session cookies
 essential: gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pages
 essential: keep track of what you input in a shopping cart
 essential: authenticate that you are logged into your user account
 essential: remember language version you selected
 functionality: remember social media settings
 functionality: remember selected region and country
 analytics: keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken
 analytics: keep track about your location and region based on your ip number
 analytics: keep track of the time spent on each page
 analytics: increase the data quality of the statistics functions
 advertising: tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.
 advertising: gather personally identifiable information such as name and location




 essential: remember your cookie permission setting
 essential: allow session cookies
 essential: gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pages
 essential: keep track of what you input in a shopping cart
 essential: authenticate that you are logged into your user account
 essential: remember language version you selected
 functionality: remember social media settings
 functionality: remember selected region and country
 analytics: keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken
 analytics: keep track about your location and region based on your ip number
 analytics: keep track of the time spent on each page
 analytics: increase the data quality of the statistics functions
 advertising: tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.
 advertising: gather personally identifiable information such as name and location







save & close





















 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.

 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.







