




  


video game pianist






















































 













 














 

























 






home
events
reviews
sheet music
bio

about the super mario medley video


media
mission
contact

services


 







































video game pianist™ is one of the first musicians to gain recognition for performing live video game music on a solo instrument. he has been acknowledged for starting the trend of people posting videos of themselves playing video game music on various instruments on the internet. the internet premiere of his super mario medley video, created at age 17, launched his video game music performance career overnight.

 biography


















dr. martin leung, also known as video game pianist™


view my calendar of my upcoming events, read my biography, view the super mario medley video, contact me, and more!

 contact dr. leung





video game pianist™from classical music to the gaming worldvideo game pianist™
recital at pax 2016performed at benaroya hall, home of the seattle symphonythe west meets east when martin performs western classical music and transitions to video game music by japanese composers. all the classical music pieces martin plays appears in video games.
   the history of the
super mario medley videoclick the animation to read the history of the super mario medley video!
   video game pianist™ plays the entire super mario 64 soundtrack!music transcribed by video game pianist™enjoy the spirit of the game by listening to the performance!
   





in their words...


martin leung, a pianist who gained fame on youtube, brought down the house with his signature blindfolded performance of the theme from super mario brothers.seth schieselthe new york times





the real star of the show [video games live], however, was pianist martin leung, known around the world as the “video game pianist.” his medley of songs from the final fantasy series was truly a showstopper.kip mooneydallas morning news





…an amazing classical musician. …leung’s delivery of [liszt piano concerto no. 1], which is technically very difficult, was wonderful …joe couturethe leader-post


 
all reviews











bring life to your event!martin leung will bring more joy and class to your event with his performances of video game music! please contact martin for more details.




book martin











connect with
















recent blog posts













audio playlist





 







					© 2018 video game pianist.				















powered by ultimate auction 























