




















uf/ifas office of conferences & institutes













home


about

our office
meet the team
testimonials



services

our services
faculty resources



events

upcoming events
prior events



contact

contact us
emergencies (ice)


 subscribe






office of conferences & institutes (oci)











meet the team
our office consists of several talented individuals all equipped with the skills needed to provide you with the very best in conference planning and coordination.
meet team »







our services
your time is valuable. let us manage the details so you can relax and attend your own conference with confidence while we make sure things are running smoothly.
learn more »







testimonials
we have the resources to help you organize a successful conference, but don't just take our word for it! read what many of our happy clients have said about using our services.
read all »










about us
uf/ifas oci is a full service conference planning agency at the university of florida. we were created to support the institute of food and agricultural sciences (ifas) mission to develop knowledge in agriculture, human and natural resources, and the life sciences, and to make that knowledge available to people to sustain and enhance the quality of life. conferences have proven an effective tool for disseminating and sharing this wealth of knowledge, and uf/ifas oci conducts a variety of workshops, conferences and symposia in support of the ifas mission. contact us to find out how our team of trained meeting professionals can help plan your next conference or event.
read more »















organized speaker presentations





technical training & field trips





hotel contracting & site selection





audio visual operations





budgeting & financial management





engaging poster sessions





previous



next


*pictures shown were taken prior to covid-19





upcoming events




geer: greater everglades & ecosystem restoration (geer)
april 21–24, 2025
coral springs, fl
science is the foundational element for everglades restoration and management and the geer conference is the premier showcase for everglades science.
find out more »






applied statistics in agriculture and natural resources
may 11-15, 2025
gainesville, fl
the conference on applied statistics in agriculture and natural resources brings together statisticians and researchers across academia, industry, and government to share insights and advancements in the application of statistics to address challenges in agriculture and biological sciences.
find out more »






the 14th international symposium on biogeochemistry of wetlands & aquatic systems
june 1-5, 2025
baton rouge, la
this symposium is designed to bring together those actively engaged in applying principles of biogeochemistry to solving environmental and social problems from a wide range of systems.
find out more »




view all listings »










about uf/ifas
uf’s institute of food and agricultural sciences (uf/ifas) is a federal-state-county partnership dedicated to developing knowledge in agriculture, human and natural resources, and the life sciences, and enhancing and sustaining the quality of human life.
while extending into every community of the state, uf/ifas has developed an international reputation for its accomplishments in teaching, research and extension. because of this mission and the diversity of florida’s climate and agricultural commodities, uf/ifas has facilities located throughout florida.
visit uf/ifas website »






get in touch
ready to plan your next conference with uf/ifas oci? contact us today and find out what a difference a dedicated conference management team can make.

contact us »









copyright ©  all rights reserveduf/ifas office of conferences & institutes

  
  




navigation

our services
faculty resources
upcoming events
prior events



policies 

code of conduct
uf privacy
this page uses google analytics:
google privacy policy 



get in touch

  conf@ifas.ufl.edu
  phone: (352) 392-5930
  fax: (352) 392-4044
  contact us










code of conduct
we are dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. we do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form. suggestive statements, sexual innuendo, or offensive remarks are not appropriate during any activity, including during talks, poster sessions, workshops, social functions, after hours parties, via zoom chat or on twitter or other online media. participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. those violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled without a refund at the discretion of the organizers. if you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns about participant behavior, please notify the organizers immediately.


close








