







etiquette - network (be the best you can be): manners, seminars, book, and more.



 











.........enjoy   the end of 
						august, 
												by my mother, 						joyce thompson 







 
 
"be the best you can be!" 
robin is on a medical sabbatical and not offering classes.  but her book is available "be the best you can be"
that's the motto of etiquette-network of illinois. since 1983, owner robin thompson
						has been dedicated to the promotion of etiquette, good manners and image enhancement, social skills and confidence. 
 




robin thompson and a select group of licensees offer: 


charm school classes
 
corporate etiquette seminars


self-improvement programs
 
etiquette lectures



our programs increase the confidence, self-esteem and success that come with the
						knowledge and practice of good manners. please refer to class
						locations page for course sites.
corporate & business etiquette seminars									projecting a professional image is essential in the business world. every day new opportunities arise to present
									a positive impression. at a job interview or in the workplace, your actions and mannerisms speak for you. a well-groomed
									appearance and poised behavior demonstrate confidence. 

robin thompson's etiquette book, be the best you can be,
						is a 						helpful and entertaining guide for any child, teen or family.




topics include: 


poise
posture
walking & sitting
first impressions


confidence
social skills
manners in public
manners at home


shyness
friendships
voice & grammar
conversation


table manners
place settings
restaurants
dining etiquette


phone etiquette
school life
image
grooming


						being your best gives you confidence, charm and strength to succeed in life with all of its challenges and rewards.
						if you want to be respected and well-liked, you must be considerate and kind to everyone. you'll gain admiration
						from people who may have never had anyone show them a moment's worth of courtesy. never underestimate the difference
						you can make in a person's life.						let etiquette-network show you the advantage of being your best!						robin thompson's biography 



home						| etiquette book						| children/teens | corporate/collegeclass locations						| press coverage						| graduation photos | contact | links 





 
