













basement waterproofing, foundation repair in greater springfield, western ma, northern ct | pro-tech waterproofing solutions inc.
















phone: 413-533-8217say goodbye to your water problems.a healthy home begins with a dry foundation. pro-tech waterproofing solutions, inc. is a family owned and operated business specializing in fixing water related problems -- cracked and leaking concrete, block, brick and stone foundations, wet, damp, moisture plagued and flooded basements caused by hydrostatic and surface water issues. we proudly serve the needs of homeowners and commercial businesses throughout western massachusetts and northern connecticut. we provide estimates and we guarantee our work.â homeowners, builders and businesses have relied on pro-tech waterproofing solutions and our 25-plus years of experience to accurately identify and solve their unique water problems, and to provide long-lasting waterproofing solutions that will fit any budget. we can help you too.â call us today!1homeabout usservicesproductsgalleryblogcommunitytestimonialscontact uspro-tech waterproofing solutions, inc.â â â  copyright 2016â â â  all rights reserved â -â privacy policywhat do our customers say about us?watch theâ pro-tech waterproofing solutions teamâ as founder, ron gilpatrick, son gill, and daughter gisele are interviewed at the 2012 home & garden show of western mass.once again, a thank you from both townes! everything done and in time for the summer's thunderstorms! your brother, son (his or yours?) and all the crew of helpers did a fast, thorough and clean job from start to finish. thank them again for us.best regards,dick & peggy towne(read more)â ma home improvement contractors licenseâ #144335ct home improvement contractors licenseâ #602175ma construction supervisor license #'s:ronald gilpatrick - #10198gill gilpatrick - #95913â when water problems threatened their suffield, ct build in 2009, extreme makeover home edition called the experts at pro-tech waterproofing solutions for help.â â find out morefully licensed & insuredcontact us today - 800.734.8217double click here to add text.










