


bucky goldstein’s g.w. deer mouse ranch


















































mice & more

marina
pumpkin
squeek & babies
cc & babies
lil' orphan annie
stuey's story
cheddar
muffin's story

muffin page 1
muffin page 2
muffin page 3
muffin page 4
muffin photos


dermott
prissy
patch
speedy
angie's guests
rusty
snowy
mouse city



fyi 
    articles

fyi intro
aggression
cuterebra fly
diabetes
diet for mice
good vets
hantavirus
inbreeding
itchy & scratchy
orphaned babies
releasing

releasing mice
release shelter
release story


taming wild mice



extras

care sheets

white footed mice
red backed voles


deer mouse color
animal welfare



miscellanea

douglas' july 4th
dr. wango tango
bucky beaver



links

deer mice
fancy mice & rats
forums
humane traps
and more...



contacts

bucky
paul
angie
deb krom
ann vole
douglas




























      rachael at the bronx zoo mouse house
    


      one of the "baby" brothers
    



if you have an urgent mouse question or need assistance right away, please check the 
      mouse fyi articles and links pages for an answer before emailing or posting 
      on the forums. replies to emails or forum posts may not be quick enough to help, 
      especially in the case of orphaned babies. 
      if you still have questions, please don't hesitate to email me.
welcome to bucky goldstein’s g.w. deer mouse ranch
"hey babe, take a walk on 
    the wild side" - lou reed
this site is dedicated to providing information about keeping deer mice, 
      white footed mice and other wild species as pets. traditional domestic 
      pet mice are also included as well as other things that interest me. there 
      are a number of informational articles and care sheets as well as links 
      to interesting animal sites.




choctawhatchee beach mouse
peromyscus polionotus allophrys
habitat: sandy dunes above the high-tide line
location: florida
threats: construction of homes and other buildings on beaches; cats
status: listed as endangered under the endangered species act in 1985
number: up to 1,000
    
please be considerate of our wild friends and don't remove them from 
      the wild. if the mouse is in distress, such as an orphaned baby or an 
      injured mouse, removal may be appropriate. mice are social creatures and 
      form family groups that you may disturb if you trap them in their natural 
      environment. you may be separating a mom from her babies, making them 
      orphans that will quickly die.
please remember that many wild species are threatened or endangered and 
      by removing them from their home range you reduce the population and make 
      it that much more difficult for the species to survive. they may also 
      be protected and by removing them you may be breaking the law. many endangered 
      mice have very small ranges, maybe a few dozen acres for the entire species. 
      many of these threatened mice suffer from human encroachment and predation from house cats. 
deer mice are the most populous mammal in north america, but they are 
      only one species in the genus peromyscus, which contains 55 species. most 
      of these look very similar, some of them are at risk. the alabama 
      beach mouse, which can easily be mistaken for a deer mouse, is endangered 
      and protected. please don't trap in the wild.
the mice on this site were acquired either as distressed mice such as 
      orphans or mice that were humanly trapped within a human residence. even 
      humane trapping and release can be life threatening for a mouse. you are 
      removing it from its familiar surroundings and relocating it far away 
      from its shelter and food supplies. care and consideration should be taken 
      when relocating mice. personally i have no objection to keeping a mouse 
      that was trapped in your house and i doubt that most states would have 
      a legal issue with doing this. wildlife laws vary by state and most states 
      prohibit removal of wildlife from the wild.
thank you for visiting. i hope you find your visit both fun and educational.



alabama beach mouse
peromyscus polionotus ammobates
range: portion of alabama gulf coast.
      this small, sandy-colored mouse lives only in coastal sand dune areas 
      and contributes to its coastal dune ecosystem by collecting and distributing 
      seeds. primarily active at night, beach mice prefer sand-covered slopes 
      with patches of sea oats, beach grass, and other grasses and herbs. coastal 
      development and roadway construction have placed this mouse on the endangered 
      list, while hurricanes, tropical storms, and dune use by humans bring additional 
      harmscasualties. because beach mice live only in the dunes just above the 
      high-tide line, rising waters, stronger hurricanes, and increasing storm 
      surges caused by climate change jeopardize this coastal mouse and its habitat.
    


find me online:
        skype nickname: g.w.deermouse
        email: please use the email on the contacts menu.


powered by














a list of updates to this site may be viewed on our site update history page.




  bucky goldstein's g.w. deer mouse ranch © paul goodman, 2000 - 2022. 


