








lafayette historical society - lafayette, california








































 





lafayette historical societylafayette, californiahome
archives/oral histories

index by name
index by category
2009 library project oral histories


lafayette history rabbit holes
celebrating 175+ years

bay miwok people
early downtown
pioneer & farm life
mt. diablo boulevard
early school days
leisure pastimes
tunnels, roads & rails


about us

who we are
mission
officers


shop
blog
contact us

membership
volunteering


town history

pictorial history
preface
lafayette’s first inhabitants
mexican ranchos
speculators
yankee settlers
early days
the farmers
village life
from wagon roads to city highways
school days
the leisure life
historic houses
the changing pace
the town
the city
references


local sites

tour
cemetery


newsletters
links

 


 




 




what’s new
lafayette library display – a farmer’s journey: elam brown’s path to californiawe all know about elam and margaret (allen then) brown taking a wagon train to california in 1846, but do we really know what that was like? the display in the library is about their specific journey, the route, the hardships, the successes. it answers questions that may have occurred such as, “why do we […]
oral history: mary mccosker — june 24th, 2009summary: mary mccosker, a lafayette native, was interviewed by georgi mclain on june 24, 2009. she had been involved with the project to build the new lafayette library and learning center–which was on track to open 5 months later–for many years at that point. she recalls in this interview that lafayette’s out-dated current library had […]
oral history: robin holt — may 19th, 2008summary: robin holt was interviewed by pat riegg on may 19, 2008. she and her husband, a navy officer based in alameda, moved to lafayette from hawaii in 1975. long a member of the friends of the lafayette library, she became involved with the project to develop a new library after attending a presentation by […]
oral history: susan weaver — november 25th, 2008summary: susan weaver was interviewed on november 25, 2008, by mary mccosker. as a professional librarian working for the country, she was the last manager of the “old library,” which opened in 1962, and the first at the new (2009) library. having lost her hearing at age 2, susan showed an interest throughout her career […]
oral history: rick & janet cronk — march 27th, 2009summary: rick and janet cronk were interviewed by nancie sherman on march 27, 2009. rick grew up in montclair and janet in palo alto. they met when they were both students at berkeley. later they moved to lafayette and raised their family here, and rick spent thirty years growing dreyers into the largest ice cream […]
oral history: robi duncan — april 3rd, 2009summary: robi duncan, senior clerk at the old lafayette library, was interviewed by mary mccosker on april 3, 2009. robi grew up in concord, but she had spent three months living with her grandmother in lafayette, and going to school here, while her family was building a new home. she returned to serve the lafayette […]








location and hours

history room

open tuesday, thursday and saturday
10:00 am to 2:00 pm
lafayette library
& learning center,
enter on golden gate way
925-385-2297



mailing address: po box 133 lafayette, ca 94549


donations









your memories tell the story of lafayette
memories of living and working in lafayette are precious. let us help you share those memories with others who value the town’s history. call the lafayette historical society’s oral history line to set up a brief oral history phone interview with one of our friendly volunteers. together, we can preserve the vibrant narrative of our town for generations to come.

call 925-297-5397


visit our youtube channel
we embed our videos here, but the most convenient way to access the majority of our material is to visit our youtube channel here: lafayette historical society youtube channel

potential members and volunteers

i would like to become a member
i would like to become a volunteer


building the caldecott tunnel


available now in the history room and in the online store





 


follow us



lhs store







recent posts


oral history: mary mccosker — june 24th, 2009


oral history: robin holt — may 19th, 2008


oral history: susan weaver — november 25th, 2008


oral history: rick & janet cronk — march 27th, 2009


oral history: robi duncan — april 3rd, 2009






all photographs on this site are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of the lafayette historical society.
copyright © 2025 by lafayette historical society · site by last laugh creative














