









jc higgins & associates




















































skip to content













menu


home
available rentals

spotlight properties
commercial rental properties
residential rental properties
rental application


community associations
payments
rental maintenance requests
real estate professionals & service providers
our services
rental application
contact us

about / teams
resources / links


 






















real estate management solutions since 1982









our services











communityassociations











available rentalproperties











real estate professionalsservice providers





















welcome to our website





























jchiggins and associates is a local property management company specializing in the management of income producing real estate and community associations in the south puget sound region. since 1982 we’ve nurtured our company to foster an unparalleled management system which promotes solid, long lasting relationships based on respect, results, and value. we are proud of our talented people, our fantastic company, and the outstanding job we do.





























it is our ongoing vision to remain the most dependable and cost effective real estate management company in the south sound. by consistently providing unmatched results and unbeatable value, our high standards of care, outstanding service, and cost effectiveness earn us the reputation of being truly committed to excellence in proactive real estate management – day in and day out – no matter the scope of the work involved.





























we have a passion for what we do and we take pride in not only what we do but how we do it – with ethics, honesty, and integrity. if it can’t be done that way, we feel it shouldn’t be done at all. we hope you agree, if so we just might be the company for you.

















please take the time to look around our site, you will find out more about us, how we do business, and how we can best serve you and tailor our services to fit your specific real estate management needs.
thank you for visiting and we hope to hear from you soon.






dave and amber emery






principals






call us: (253) 841-0111

























































 










© 2024 jc higgins & associates | (253) 841-0111 | po box 731029, puyallup, wa 98373  




scroll to top















