




		   st. jude's school - kitchener, ontario	




















































 
 














888 trillium drive, kitchener ontario, n2r 1k4


















discover

about
the st. jude’s advantage
methodology
testimonials
virtual tour


programs

day school
headstart summer school


admissions

learning assessments
tuition


contact








  limited seats available for september 2024wait lists now active for 2025-2026 school year
  





  our august headstart school has seats available in all grades from sk to 8register now !
  





bringing joy to learning
for the students of waterloo region since 1980





day school
a full-day special education school that provides custom education programs for students in jk to grade 10. our curriculum is for bright and gifted students who experience learning difficulties or are not achieving their intellectual potential. class sizes are very small to ensure teacher-pupil time is maximized.
more


tutoring school
the tutoring school at st. jude’s offers educational instruction and tutoring to students not enrolled in our day school. provided in an after-school setting, this program helps students excel in their current school environment.
more


summer school – headstart
available to all families, summer school provides students from jk to grade 8 with an academic headstart. whether strengthening a specific area of your child’s education or helping with academic transitions (entering grades 4, 7 or 9), headstart provides high-quality, private-school instruction all summer long.
more



i just wanted to write you a quick note to say ‘thank you’ for all you and your staff do to provide an environment that both nurtures and challenges our daughters to be the best they can – and to be confident in their abilities. i know i don’t say it enough – but thank you.

barbara


thoughts from the director
received this awesome e-mail april 1, 2020we just got this amazing email from an sjsh’s. she knew we were having a staff meeting today and she wanted me to share it with you. here it is: “i feel so fortunate right now to be a part of the sjsh family. when i see what’s happening with… read more »source: fred’s blog – scholars' hall private school | published: april 1, 2020 - 2:38 am

 
 





email: director@stjudes.com
        tel: 519.888.0807



888 trillium drive,
kitchener, ontario, n2r 1k4




 facebook
 twitter
 instagram




 login to sjsh 





© copyright  
   st jude's school | all rights reserved | design by qt web designs


special thanks to
 




discover▼aboutthe st. jude’s advantagemethodologytestimonialsvirtual tourprograms▼day schoolheadstart summer schooladmissions▼learning assessmentstuitioncontact



 














