



















































lets chat poultry, chickens, waterfowl, gamefowl, at the poultry world — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































gamefowl_news
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














gamefowl_news







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
lets chat poultry, chickens, waterfowl, gamefowl, at the poultry world

about
 


profile
gamefowl_news


page summary
 [#] game fowl farms  [#] the best looking game fowl photos  [#] what are the best gamefowl magazines?  [#] gamefowl -  a new gamefowl site!  [#] nutrients in gamefowl and poultry  [#] gamefowlworld.org - poultry gamefowl and pitfowl cockfighting. free auction, message forum and chat.  [#] gamefowl poultry auctions. live auction for gamefowl, poultry and game fowl  [#] gamefowl - where can i find pure game fowl  [#] the bumblefoot grey gamefowl history - gamefowl fighting roosters  [#] dubbing a rooster - advice for dubbing gamefowl and show fowl. oeg's 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofilethe poultry world previous page


links
gamefowl factsgamefowl wikigamefowl message boardthe hijacking of americas cultures and heritagegame fowl linksgame fowlgamefowl cyber showgame fowl farmsgame fowl for salegamefowl auction


january 2008
 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





game fowl farms

jan. 29th, 2008 @ 11:21 pm 



throughout the united states there are an estimated 150,000 game fowl farms. some of them breeding and raising as many as 1,500 roosters a year and some game fowl farms raising a little as 10 game fowl yearly. worldwide it is estimated that there are roughly 2.3 million game fowl farms.  now that's a lot of game fowl and a lot of feed money spent annually. i am always looking for other breeders so if you own a personal game fowl site then here are some different places you can add your websites link to for free. try any of the following sites:gamefowl wikigame fowl linksgame fowl farmsgame fowl for salegame fowl breeders
(3 comments | leave a comment)



the best looking game fowl photos

jan. 13th, 2008 @ 03:26 am 



have you ever done an internet search to find the best looking game fowl  photos? remember that these photos belong to others and are not meant to be  copied and used for yourself. i have found several sites that have great game fowl pictures  on them. one site is called game fowl  facts with a monster photo gallery, game fowl wiki, game fowl blog and game fowl message  board.  another great place would be to look at the online game fowl cyber show. this site is  fairly new and offers a cash prize to contestants. there is a large variety of game fowl farms for  adding links. i noticed another game fowl site yesterday for other breeders to add there game fowl farms or game fowl for sale sites  to. hope you enjoy these new sites. out!
(leave a comment)



what are the best gamefowl magazines?

dec. 13th, 2007 @ 12:38 pm 



in a recent question over on the   gamefowl and cockfighting daily q&a, jd mccoy ask members what  gamefowl magazines are the best? as you can see from the responses members  have different opinions on the matter. some believe "grit  and steel" is the best magazine while others feel that the  gamecock and  feathered warrior are the best. i cant tell you which one is the best as you  will have to decide for yourself. feel free to reply to this topic and let me know what  gamefowl magazine is the best? don't forget to visit the only free gamefowl auction  and game fowl boards.tags: animals, blogs, chickens, game fowl, gamefowl, livestick, pets, poultry, websites

(leave a comment)



gamefowl -  a new gamefowl site!

oct. 3rd, 2007 @ 09:44 am 



i see that recently a new gamefowl community has opened up. this site seems to have everything you could ask for from a user photo gallery to a wiki, forums, chat, blog and many other things. i recommend this site to everyone as it seems to have more options than i have found elsewhere. they have a free gamefowl and poultry auction also. the site is at http://www.gamefowlfacts.org gamefowl facts.tags: poultry animals livestick websites blogs

(1 comment | leave a comment)



nutrients in gamefowl and poultry

mar. 20th, 2006 @ 01:36 pm 



"n" is for nutrition in gamefowl submitted by sawman grit and steel 1974 by: dr. mickey hall, clemson universitywhat is game bird nutrition? when we have to consider the environment the bird is in, the bird itself as well as the effect the combination the environment plus bird will leave, environment - bird - environment the purpose of nutrition is to provide nutrients for functional needs. so the nutrients for game birds will be different than that of a laying hen. consideration for the welfare of that animal while in captivity along with the breeding must be dealt with when providing the proper nutrients. remember that half the breeding goes down the throat. what are the best concepts of nutrition? we feed birds to meet nutrient requirements not certain ingredients. therefore, we must select ingredients based on particular properties. ingredients are combined to balance nutrients to maintain a specific bird for a specific purpose. nutrients are for maintenance plus performance of the bird. what are nutrients? simply elements or compounds that are essential for life. nutrients can act independently when put in a diet. nutrients can even have an antagonistic or toxic effect. what are some common nutrients?  read the rest of this article at the gamefowl world  a "sister site" of the poultry world and gamefowl poultry news daily one of the best sites i have found is the site called gamefowl facts. it includes a gamefowl wiki, message forums, gamefowl photo gallery and a great animal rights blog and more. all gamefowl breeders should visit http://www.gamefowlfacts.org
(leave a comment)


other entries


» gamefowlworld.org - poultry gamefowl and pitfowl cockfighting. free auction, message forum and chat.

gamefowlworld.org is the parent site for three other sites whose primary purpose it that of gamefowl, poultry, chickens, roosters, ducks, geese and more. this site " gamefowl chickens & poultry daily news " has one purpose and that is to distribute and record regularly updated important gamefowl and poultry news that we find useful to everyone in and around the poultry and game fowl industry. most all of the news you see at gamefowl chickens & poultry daily is found on one or more of our featured sites such as the poultry world, the gamefowl world andgamefowl world auction.we update this site "gamefowl chickens and poultry daily news" every day with the latest happenings included but not limited to animal rights, game fowl and poultry breeding, bloodlines and history, along with message forum post from members of our poultry and gamefowl sites. we could not possibly list here in this brief introduction what all you can find in our news sections. over time the sky is the limit as far as gamefowl, auctions, photos, poultry and more. gamefowl chickens & poultry news dailey, enjoy!the poultry world - uniting the world of poultry, ducks, geese, ratites, turkeys gamefowl and more.poultry world puts all the cards out on the table and holds nothing back! meaning that everything poultry, game bird, waterfowl, etc is discussed. the site includes poultry and breeders message forums, live chat, gamefowl news,  poultry news and more.poultry world is also the home of the poultry and gamefowl weekly news.the gamefowl world - game fowl for sale, photos, chat, news, free auction, cockfighting and more.the gamefowl world is a free community made up of breeders that raise gamefowl (fighting games) either for show or for fighting purposes. the site has message board topics on fighting gamefowl with long knife, short knife, short gaff, naked heel and more. there are pre set areas forgamefowl conditioning, keeps, poultry disease, gamefowl for sale or trade, breed history, coops, pen plans, tie cords, and an area just for beginners getting started in gamefowl and cockfighting.free poultry and gamefowl auction - free members auction for poultry gamefowl supplies and more.free auction listings! no sale - no fee!, and a strong pledge to customer service. gamefowlworld.org is the marketplace to buy or sell almost anything! all auction members are verified. this free auction site is available to everyone for buying and selling poultry, gamefowl, chickens, supplies and includes an additional 900 categories for non poultry and gamefowl related items. the auction also features wanted ads.
mar. 16th, 2006 @ 03:55 am

(1 comment | leave a comment)

» gamefowl poultry auctions. live auction for gamefowl, poultry and game fowl

gamefowl poultry auctions. live auction for gamefowl, poultry and game fowlthis is a great free gamefowl and poultry auction. if you want to buy and sell gamefowl with your very own auction site or userstore for poultry including eggs, ducks, turkeys geese, game fowl supplies, and more you need to check out thegamefowl world auction this beautiful free auction even submits all auctions from users stores to googles search engines to help you gain more exposure for your auction items. this will be one of the better protected auctions forpoultry and gamefowl sellers and buyers. the free auction also has over 900 other categories for items not related to game fowl or poultry.gamefowl world auction is owned and operated by gamefowlworld..org the parent site of poultryworld.net and gamefowlworld.comhappy selling!
mar. 13th, 2006 @ 04:06 pm

(leave a comment)

» gamefowl - where can i find pure game fowl

 "purity" pure gamefowl, is there such a thing?by feathered warrior magazine 1942
here i go sticking my neck out on this purity subject again.i don't know what pure is, so far as game fowl are concerned, and in all the thousands of articles which have been published by game fowl magazines on this subject i have never seen even an attempt made to define the word purity. the chemist knows what pure oxygen, hydrogen and various other elements are, and exactly what they will do and how they will react when combined with other elements. exactly the same result will be obtained every time they are combined.. not most of the time or nearly all the time...but identically the same a thousand times out of a thousand. it probably is correct to say that many or most of our wild birds and animals are pure in there bloodlines. they are true to type in not one physical, mental or nervous characteristic, but in all of them. this has been accomplished by millions of identical matings until each and every characteristic has been positively fixed and made pure. more or less has appeared in the game fowl magazines about the mendelian laws of heredity.  they are right to so far as they go, but for some reason or another most of these writers fail to mention one of mendel's most fundamental and important discoveries, namely that each characteristic is inherited separately.
did you ever stop to think how many characteristics are embodied in a piece of living organism? whether it be man beast or fowl? i dare say there are more such characteristics-mental, physical, nervous etc., than there are dollars in the national debt.you have a cock with a crooked prop toe. let us say he is pure in that one characteristic. you mate him to a hen, his full sister, which is like-wise pure with respect to the crooked prop toe,1,000 out of 1,000,and if these chicks are mated together not to anything else) all their million offspring will have crooked prop toes. now mind you, i stated in the beginning that both hen and cock are pure with respect to this crooked toe characteristics, not hybrid in such respect. not every cock with a crooked prop toe is pure as regards such characteristics. in fact the overwhelming majority of them will be hybrid, in which case some of the offspring will come with the crooked toe and some will not. cross such offspring even with each other, and you will get some crooked toes from parents whose toes are straight, and plenty of straight toes from parents whose toes are crookedever seen that happen in gamefowl? sure you have, plenty of times muffs from clean heads, clean heads from muffs, and a thousand such other characteristics. why? because one or the other or both of the parents were not pure as regards to that characteristic. had both parents been pure as regards crooked toes, muffs tassels or anything else, you would reproduce that characteristic in every chick. how are you to tell whether a bird is pure or hybrid as regards any give characteristic? you can't tell by looking at him. it can be determined only by the results of his breeding. you may have two full brothers that look the same one may be pure and the other hybrid with respect to any particular characteristic. or you may have 15 full brothers same cock, same hen-possibly only one of the 15 may be pure with respect to the particular characteristic you are looking for. all the other 14 being hybrids. how are you going to find that one? only by mating him to a hen that you have previously proved to be pure in that same characteristic and observing the result in the offspring. will the hybrids impart the desired characteristics to their offspring? sure they will, too some of them maybe to most or all of them. but the one cock in the lot which is pure in that respect will impart that characteristic every time if mated to a hen that is likewise pure in that same respect. so let us assume that by trail, error or accident we somehow got a hen and a cock both of which are pure with respect to the characteristic of the crooked prop toe. now from this pair and there offspring, if bred together we can produce absolutely pure crooked prop toes to the end of time...so what? will they be pure in the millions and billions of other characteristics that make up a chicken? in some characteristics yes in numerous others; no. they may not be pure with respect to feather, leg eyes, and even gaminess. but they all will have that crooked prop toe. they are pure with respect to that one characteristic. now a game cock is a mighty complicated piece of mechanism. he is what he is today by virtue of billions of matings. happily for us, nature and to a limited extent man has by certain selections fixed or rendered pure most of his characteristics, both physical and nervous. it isn't difficult nor does it take a very long time to fix or render pure any one particular characteristic please note i said just one) not some generality which might be composed of a hundred different ones. once the individual cock and hen are located, both of which are pure in the desired respect, you are all set to go as far as that particular characteristic concerned. but the trouble comes in finding the brood fowl which are pure in all the respects we seek. we may find purity with respect to power but hybrid as regards to cutting etc. then when we find just what we want on the male side, try and find those same qualities on the female side.what a chore! you think you'll not live long enough to establish purity in all the characteristics you desire in your fowl? don’t despair. you could not do it if you live to be a thousand years old. nature is to complicated for that. we can and have developed purity in many respects but never in all. for example, it isn't difficult today to obtain 100% yellow legs or round heads, or muffs, or a hundred other characteristics but show me the family of game fowl that are or ever were pure to all characteristics, physical, mental, nervous. they don't exist and never did and never will as long as man has a hand in the matings so and so develops a family which are very very uniform in looks, appearance and pit qualities. we call them pure. they are not and never were. they likely are pure in many respects, but they are hybrid in many others. as this family are bred together they start to show certain distinctly individual characteristics. why? simply because some of the hybrid undesirable characteristics which were from the beginning present in the original cross. and that’s all it ever was), but were dormant and did not show up, have gotten together through successive matings, become fixed or pure remember it is just as easy to fix or make pure undesirable characteristics as desirable ones), and we say so and so has ruined his strain, that is bull crap! he never had a strain that was pure in the first place, no matter how famous the name or how many times it won in the pit. his fowl at one time may have been pure in a great many characteristics but not in all. probably for a certain length of breeding time, such a family showed very few undesirable characteristics. but don't fool yourself! they were there all the time, and when bred together long enough started to show up. this poor breeder, what is he to do? he makes a lucky cross or combination, gets a uniform looking and fighting bunch of winning hybrids, gives them a name, extols them in print and advertisement, old-timers sing their well deserved praises and then comes the rub.. the job of perpetuating them. if he tries to inbreed them, in time the hidden undesirable characteristics will come to life and become so fixed and pronounced that everyone condemns his fowl because they are no longer winning. if he crosses them with something else they no longer look and fight like the original cross. what's he to do? well even as you and i, all he can do by the use of good judgment and skillful observations 365 days a year and in the pit, do the best he can. i believe i can supply you with a pair of pure robins or seagulls or mackerel or rabbits, but a pure gamefowl? pure in all characteristics? no way no how never. nor can anyone else.poultry world 
dec. 12th, 2005 @ 05:36 am

(leave a comment)

» the bumblefoot grey gamefowl history - gamefowl fighting roosters

gamefowl history: the origin of the bumblefoot grey
 
the history of the curtis blackwell and for that matter red fox fowl, is that curtis blackwell and harold brown fought a one eyed gamecock from zack abney of prattville, ala. his was the best shown at orlando that year.curtis was down at zacks and learned that he had four sisters to his gamecock. curtis persuaded zack to let him have two of them. these two hens were bred to a regular grey rooster from jimmie hawes that came out of a trio of a $500.00 trio from c.c. cook. this mating produced wonderful looking gamecocks that couldn't win so they were dubbed non-cutters. 
the non-cutter hens were bred to a griffin claret gamecock produced all the winning red fox gamecocks called the no. 1's.a few years ago curtis blackwell saw w.a. kelso fight a gamecock that he admired very much. his kelso gamecock was a loser but looked good to curtis losing.mr. kelso gave him to curtis. his kelso gamecock bred to the non-cutter hens produced gamecocks that tied with mr. kelso for the money at hot springs in about 1956. bob jones, billy ruble, and bobby manziel each got one of these gamecocks. i had them walked here for curtis. this was the year that mr. kleberg died when curtis worked for him.to produce the bumblefoots, curtis reached back and bred the grey rooster that was half ted mclean hatch and half the original law hen. this hatch is in all of curtis blood today and is also heavy in the blood of billy ruble's power gamecocks.the gamecocks that curtis fought at orlando represented hatch inbred to the mclean hatch on the sire side and inbred kelso blood on the hen side. curtis did considerable inbreeding to this kelso 109 gamecock.incidentally, some of the duke hulsey's winners are bumblefoots that bobber jordan got from curtis. duke also got at least a dozen of the bumblefoot hens for his brood yards also.so i guess this is how they were made from reading this issue. there is also like a family tree showing it in more detail. hope this can help people understand more clearly. i would also like to add that the kelso 109 gamecock was made from a murphy rooster bred to a mcclanahan hen, so i guess this could tell you this is how some of mr walter kelso's, kelso's were made.
 
poultry waterfowl gamefowl and game bird links
the poultry world all poultry gamefowl and waterfowl
dec. 7th, 2005 @ 04:35 am

(leave a comment)

» dubbing a rooster - advice for dubbing gamefowl and show fowl. oeg's

chickens - dubbing tips for show fowl - oeg's 
i've dubbed hundreds of oes and gamefowl and the only part of dubbing i look forward to is the way they look when they're all healed, it changes their appearance dramatically. all you will need is some sharp scissors or dubbing scissors, something to wrap the rooster in ( a slightly damp towel works good ), blood stop powder ( just in case ), a roll of paper towels, alcohol and a clean bucket of cool water. clean the scissors and wipe them down with the alcohol, snugly wrap the rooster in the damp towel and if your lucky enough to have a good helper have them hold the bird and keep the head still by holding the comb.
i start with the wattles, pull the wattle down stretching slightly and as close the beak as you can starting from the front working your way back towards the earlobe, remove the wattle getting all folds and wrinkles. when the wattle is removed go to the earlobe and pinch up all you can with your off hand, watch his ear and remove as much as you can. repeat the procedure on the other side. i try to leave a thin strip of skin between where the wattles were, if you don't it'll look like you cut his throat, but it's ok, it'll heal. now the comb, take your time and decide how much to leave, too little or too much and the bird will not look as good as he could have. these little roosters have a natural line that runs horizontally in their comb, use that as a guide ( i usually cut slightly above the line ). the first thing i remove is the back part of the comb ( the blade ), cutting as close to the comb's base as you can, cut it off ( straight up and down ). then starting at the front ( some start from the back ) as close to the beak as you can begin making the cut ( some like a straight cut, some like a slightly curved cut ). keep in mind you can't put it back if you cut too much off. when you've completed cutting you should have a point at the back, round it off, slightly. look him over real good to see if you need to go back and trim anything you may have missed. a good clean dubbing job makes a lot of difference at the shows.tips,don't dub in hot weather, their blood is thin and the game birds bleed a lot heavier.i dub my roosters at night but early enough that i can watch them for a few hours. they are easier to catch and they settle down quicker in the dark.sometimes you'll have one that bleeds a little heavy, when that happens i pull a downy feather from under his vent and put it over the comb and sprinkle the blood stop powder over it.take your time, it's a chore you'll want to be over and done with, but, poor dubbing hurts your chances at the shows.some people dunk the roosters head in the bucket of cool water after dubbing, i just use it to clean the dubbing scissors.it takes about 3 weeks for them to be completely healed so keep that in mind when getting geared up for the shows.alfalfa meal on the feed for a few days before you dub helps with bleeding, it has natural vitamin k.note: there are some that like to dub in 2 stages. they believe that you should trim the comb early to keep the rooster small. then wait until the adult sickle feathers are completely in before they dub the wattles and earlobes to promote longer tails.poultryworld.net - the poultry world - all poultry, waterfowl, gamefowl, game birds, free poultry auction and message forums
poultry world - site map
dec. 7th, 2005 @ 03:37 am

(leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























