






union township chamber of commerce | businesses building businesses since 1956




















































facebook




instagram


 












programs / events

2025 multi-chamber networking event
meet the mayor
2025 annual gala
2025 gala ad journal
2025 businesses scholarship
thank you 5k sponsors


job board

find a job
new employers request login
employer login  to post a job


directory & map

member directory
member map


become a member

join  online
renew online
join / renewby mail


renew membership

member login
logout


about us

benefits of membership
new 401k benefit
members share 51 reasons to join the chamber
member benefits index
member bill of rights
guide for web ads
board of directors


 


select page


  
 
 









mayor’s 5k huge success thanks to all and especially our sponsors listed here





a note from the executive director / ceo
dear members & friends:

our chamber continues to work to grow your business -and i am pleased to announce
that we have grown – in addition to union, we now serve the business community of the borough of roselle park, kenilworth and hillside! we welcome them into our association and look forward to doing great things
	together with our members in the township of union.
keep coming back to this site for updates on upcoming events and programs – and
always feel free to reach to me at executivedirector@unionchamber.com.

it is a great time to be a chamber member! it always is!   

yours in service, jim masterson, ceo
sign up for the chamber newsletter








welcome to the greater union township chamber of commerce!

by webmaster | may 3, 2019 | sticky-home



our chamber is an active and growing group of businesses who know the value of networking and partnerships!  we are officially affiliated with the businesses of union, roselle park, kenilworth and hillside but we also have members from throughout union county and beyond who are active and engaged.
membership provides you with direct access to leaders of government, decision makers in the community and colleagues who share your desire for success in today’s ever changing business world. being a chamber member tells your customers that you are part of an association that prides itself on superior performance and quality service. 
the chamber logo on your wall illustrates that you are supported by a network of business heads, entrepreneurs, civic leaders and volunteers whose mission is to unite, strengthen, represent and promote their individual and collective growth.
our chamber is your success! join us! inquiries about membership may be direct to executivedirector@unionchamber.com (jim masterson, executive director/ceo)









2025 multi-chamber networking event

by webmaster | dec 29, 2023 | events




save the date
tuesday jan. 28, 2025 to meet business professionals from the following chambers:






bernards township regional chamber of commerce
business connects nj
cranford area chamber of commerce
edison chamber of commerce
gateway chamber of commerce & affiliate chambers of plainfield, springfield & watchung
greater elizabeth chamber of commerce and its affiliate linden chamber
greater union township chamber of commerce, & affiliate chambers of hillside, kenilworth, roselle park





greater westfield chamber of commerce and its affiliate chambers of: clark, fanwood, garwood mountainside and scotch plains
millburn / short hills chamber
maplewood/south orange chamber of commerce
rahway chamber of commerce
suburban chamber of commerce featuring the towns of summit, new providence & berkeley heights
woodbridge area chamber of commerce






sponsorship tables are available.
please contact your local chamber for info
















enjoy a delicious all-you-can-eat buffet, and make some great connections!
don’t forget to bring plenty of business cards.
the limit is 300 attendees, so register today! this event sells out every year.
register by january 19, 2025
$58 members – $70 non-members – $85 walk-ins


online registration
please remember to register as a member of the greater union chamber










meet the mayor

by webmaster | dec 20, 2023 | eventsjoin the chamber in welcoming union township mayor james bowser,  as well as members of the township committee and key department heads, as the mayor shares his vision for the union in the upcoming year! 
wednesday, february 19, 2025
5:30 – 7:30pm
connectone bank
2455 morris ave. union, nj
cost: $10 for members, $15 for guests
** registration is required **
click to register online  or contact the chamber at executivedirector@unionchamber.com or call 908.688.2777


refreshments will be served
parking is available in the branch’s parking lot and at the rear lot of the huck finn diner 













search for:



introducing….new imap 3.0member spotlight! 

promote your business the greater union township chamber is several hundred members strong and growing. your participation in chamber events will enable you to make valuable business connections.
for year-round visibility, members are encouraged to bring a supply of their businesses’ brochures, flyers, business cards and promotional items to our events and to our office.
we’ll display them at the event on the give-away table, and leftover materials will be taken back to our office and put in our reception area.
we also offer many opportunities to promote your business throughout the year at both business-to-business and business-to-consumer events.
consider being a sponsor at one of our special events like the 5k and the annual gala!
and – be sure to keep us abreast of any changes to your contact information!

 

progressive edge physical therapy check out our new members interview on union’s tv-34
https://vimeo.com/321314377?loop=0sign up for the chamber newletter!

scan the qr code to install the appcategories

events

sticky-home


sponsors






 








business building businesses! our mission is to unite, strengthen, represent and promote business growth for the members of the union township chamber of commerce.
copyright 2023
privacy policy

 






facebook




instagram


 






	// 



























