







association of persons affected by addiction








































































































              about
            

training


support


              opioids & recovery
            

            news & group schedule
          

            leadership
          

              careers
            



              donate
            

              chat live!
            





back


            professional training & certification
          

            consulting & ta
          



back


            for companies
          

            for community
          

            personal fundraising
          

















































about
training

professional training & certification
consulting & ta


support

for companies
for community
personal fundraising

opioids & recoverynews & group scheduleleadershipcareers











donatechat live!









scroll








we envision a world community that understands addiction and mental health conditions of the mind, body, and spirit; that is free from stigma and supports prevention, treatment, wellness, and recovery.






 

we’re loud about recovery!the association of persons affected by addiction (apaa) is a leading provider of  recovery support for individuals with mental health, co-occurring, and/or substance use challenges. for 26 years, we’ve been at the forefront of providing life-saving, peer-to-peer support — support that’s personalized, evidence-based, and aimed at achieving long-term recovery.we began as a small operation with a handful of volunteers in 1998. today, we have a footprint across north texas serving individuals in dallas, ellis, hunt, kaufman, navarro and rockwall counties.




    download our brochure!
  

  




 











our mission
to educate all segments of the community about the nature of addiction and mental health recovery, and provide recovery support services to individuals, families, and the community.



 











 







 

apaa is a recovery community organization (rco), accredited with the council on accreditation of peer recovery support services (caprss). caprss is the only accrediting body in the united states specifically for rcos offering addiction peer recovery support services.








            what is a recovery community organization?
          










a recovery community organization (rco) is an independent, non-profit organization led and governed by representatives of local communities of recovery.








            what does the caprss accreditation mean?
          










accreditation is an intense and intensive process that looks at seven areas (called domains):• recovery principles, culture and climate• ethical framework for service delivery• peer leader development• peer supervisor development• governance and program oversight• management systems• peer support capacity: core competenciesapaa is the 1st rco in texas to receive national accreditation from caprss and one of two agencies in texas designated with “exemplary” status.








            what are the core values of a recovery community organization?
          










• rco’s, their staff and programs always focused on recovery first  • rco’s gear their services to all people. their programs and services reflect cultural diversity and inclusion  • decisions are made through the participatory process from the staff, stakeholders, partnerships, and individuals receiving services  • rco’s run on the peer-helping-peer model  • programs allow for leadership development in staff, volunteers and individuals receiving services  • all programs, services, communications and policies are strength-based  • all programs and services encourage individual autonomy and choice








            what is peer support?
          










peer recovery support services are provided by people who have lived experience with a substance use disorder or a mental health challenge.  they help individuals stay engaged in the recovery process and increase the likelihood of long-term recovery.





 






peer support works. here’s why.



3.4m$3,422,632 saved in healthcare costsin total, recovery support services saved $3,422,632 in healthcare costs, representing a 72% savings in costs over 12 months.

 

 54%owning or renting their own living quarters after 12 monthshousing status improved with 54% of long-term coaching participants owning or renting their own living quarters after 12 months, compared to 32% at enrollment.

  

58%increased employmentemployment increased to 58% after 12 months from 24% at enrollment.






 









“we are the subject matter experts because we’ve experienced years of health, wellness, and recovery.”joe powell - president & chief executive officer 




























get involved



advocacyour lives prove that recovery is possible, and our stories inspire action. join us in replacing misinformation with understanding, misperception with empathy, and denial with hope.




    advocate
  



volunteer opportunitiesvolunteering your time—whether you're in recovery from alcohol or substance use or you are a loved one of someone in recovery, you can share your time and talents in one of apaa’s programs.  




    volunteer
  



make a donationa donation of any amount will help apaa continue its life-saving work. recovery  support is an important job — but with your support, we’re up to the task. make a tax-deductible donation today!




    donate
  

 






new web opening



introduction



what we do



just the numbers



banner



2022 impact goals



our impact



banner 2



press quote



our team



get involved










frank crowley courts133 north riverfront blvd.dallas, texas 75207louis e. deere sr. behavioral health complex3001 al lipscomb waydallas, texas 75215south dallas drug court2922 martin luther king jr. blvd., bld. cdallas, texas 75215mesquite @ valiant behavioral healthcare2620 gus thomasson road, ste. 102mesquite, texas 75150



apaa recovery community center3116 martin luther king jr. blvd.dallas, texas 75215mlk & malcolm x2800 martin luther king jr. blvd.dallas, texas 75215hope house @ kaufman501 west high streetterrell, texas 75160telephone (214) 634-apaa (2722)



newsletter sign-up










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *







thanks for joining our email community.  more recovery news is headed your way soon!








association of persons affected by addiction
3116 martin luther king jr. blvd. ,
dallas, texas 75215,
united states
(214) 634-apaa (2722)
info@apaarecovery.org


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm
sat 9am - 3pm
sun closed




opioidsettlement


 









 









 

©2024 association of persons affected by addiction. all rights reserved.









