










eighteenth century english music | this site is dedicated to the many remarkable composers who lived and worked in eighteenth century england	

























skip to primary content


eighteenth century english music
this site is dedicated to the many remarkable composers who lived and worked in eighteenth century england





search




main menu

home18th century music

composers

capel bond
charles avison
daniel purcell
johann christian bach
john christian mantel
john hebden
john ranish
john stanley

john stanley’s songs and cantatas
zimri


joseph gibbs
maurice greene
michael festing
richard jones
thomas arne
thomas chilcot
thomas linley the younger
william boyce

memoirs of dr. william boyce – part 1
memoirs of dr. william boyce – part 2
william boyce – the eight symphonies


william croft


historical background
vauxhall pleasure gardens


about
blog








an introduction


britain in the eighteenth century witnessed a period of unprecedented prosperity. this was chiefly the result of a comparatively stable democratic government and a flourishing international trade with a growing number of colonies supported by trusted financial institutions.
consequently, many industrious and successful merchants, traders, craftsmen and professionals (the new ‘middle’ class) found they had the time and money to visit opera houses, music clubs or, in london, one of the pleasure-gardens such as vauxhall or ranelagh to hear the latest concertos and songs. thus england become the vibrant musical centre of europe to which, not surprisingly, a great wave of continental musicians emigrated to seek fame and fortune. amongst these of course was the great george frideric handel.
but although handel dominated the opera house and the world of the oratorio, it fell to others to provide the majority of the music in the theatre, the church and chamber music in the home.
many of these composers, although very popular in their lifetimes, have for 250 years been generally ignored. in all probability the main reason for this was that their music simply went out of fashion, with most baroque music concerts in the 19th and early 20th centuries consisting of oratorios i.e. music predominately by handel and bach.
a revival of 18th century english music in the 1930s and 1940s, led by the likes of gerald finzi (1901-1956) and constant lambert (1905-1951), went a long way to rekindle interest in this forgotten era – but still, today, many of these composers’ works remain relatively unknown.
more background information. 
i would very much appreciate your comments and thoughts on anything on the site – including any corrections to the facts stated.
my aim is that these pages will encourage others to listen to, play, publish, perform, record or broadcast the music of those mentioned.
roger slade












 
search



contact me website@rslade.co.uk
 

blogroll

cantatas
stanley’s songs and cantatas
chandos
hyperion
jacks, pipes and hammers
suppliers of facsimile editions of much 18th century english music






					proudly powered by wordpress				






