




bankers life insurance company




























skip to content
















homeimportant formstoggle website search










menu
close





home
important forms
toggle website search




 








bankers life insurance








policyholder login


bankers life insurance company (”blic”or the “company”) is in court-ordered liquidation effective as of november 30, 2024.  the north carolina insurance commissioner is the court-appointed liquidator.  when a liquidation is ordered, each state’s life and health insurance guaranty association provides coverage to the company’s policyholders who are residents of that state up to the coverage limits specified by state laws.  blic’s policy obligations are now covered by various state life and health insurance guaranty associations subject to applicable statutory limits and requirements.  any policy benefit amounts above the state’s life and health insurance guaranty association coverage limits become claims against the company’s remaining assets, after all administrative expenses are paid.  the login above is for the portion of your policy that is not covered by a state guaranty association.  it will become active in january of 2025.  the portal for blic policy benefits that are covered by the state guaranty associations is now open – click here to access.
please refer to the links below for important information.

the us department of justice indictment of greg lindberg.
liquidation order 12/30/2022
north carolina supreme court order 8/21/2024
order approving moratorium on policy surrenders for uncovered amounts
policyholder notice
publication notice
potential claimant notice
proof of claim form
liquidation order faqs 1/15/2025
state guaranty association faqs

on june 20, 2023, the north carolina court of appeals affirmed the court’s mou judgment and order. details are found in the links below:

memorandum of understanding (mou) announcement
mou faq
copy of the judgment and order
on august 4, 2022, the court issued a further ruling in the mou case.  important information from that ruling can be found here.
mou remand order

important information

rehabilitation letter to policyholders
consent order of rehabilitation

view the quarterly reports for the receivership process as filed with the insurance commissioner. click here
all documents are provided or approved by the special deputy liquidators, appointed by the commissioner of insurance for the state of north carolina, in his capacity as court appointed liquidator.

contact us
bankers life insurance companyp.o. box 11948winston-salem nc 27116
833-658-2840
e-mail
customer service
claims  

























terms of service  • privacy notice 
 











				copyright 2021 – bankers life insurance company			
























