


lower your cholesterol





















    
	lower your cholesterol
	
  
if you are looking to lower your cholesterol or find the latest cholesterol news or articles, then bookmark us now and visit often.










monday, october 08, 2007



	 
	 cordaptive™ cholesterol drug - merck & co
	 
    


merck & company announced that the food and drug administration(fda) had accepted it's new drug application for cordaptive™ for a standard review. cordaptive™, in earlier phase i and ii trials, has been shown to be effective in raising hdl cholesterol (hdl-c) levels and lowering ldl cholesterol (ldl-c) levels. cordaptive™ is a combination of extended release niacin and laropiprant (to help with a known side-effect of niacin called "flushing"). in early september, merck also reported that phase iii trials of cordaptive™ had reduced ldl-cholesterol (ldl-c) levels, increased hdl-cholesterol (hdl-c) levels and reduced triglyceride levels compared to placebo. during the trial, cordaptive™ was given both as a monotherapy and also added to patients currently using statin therapy. patients given cordaptive™ showed significantly less flushing than those receiving only the extended release niacin. technorati tags: cholesterol ldl hdl laropiprantcordaptivelabels: cholesterol, cordaptive, hdl, laropiprant, ldl



posted by ken mackenzie at 10:41 am
6 comments















about me

name:  ken mackenzie 
location:  ma, united states 
view my complete profile

links

lower your cholesterol
national cholesterol education program
private cholesterol tests

previous posts

cordaptive™ cholesterol drug - merck & co
merck's investigational cetp-inhibitor, mk-0859 - ...
september is national cholesterol education month
simvastatin enters the marketplace
new trial to test increasing good cholesterol (hdl)
recent studies support almonds' role in heart heal...
new health corp. introduces lipidshield™ liquid fo...
cholesterol lowering drugs not associated with red...
your cholesterol levels
home cholesterol test kits

archives

june 2005
july 2005
january 2006
february 2006
june 2006
september 2006
october 2007










 






