





































    
    albuquerque property management - ammre
  
  
















               


 (505) 765-5800        

 










       home



  real estate sales



  residents


   overview



  resident portal





  management services


   overview





  owners


   owner statement



  faq





  about us



  contact us



  blog






     
 
pay rent








    
 





       




   pay rent online did you know that you can now pay your rent online? it’s fast, easy, and secure, so why wait?   

learn more


 available properties view our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.   

learn more


 property management services providing world-class service in the property management business since 1979. hablamos español!   

learn more




      albuquerque property managementhat has made ammre the leader in residential management since 1979? we connect the best residents with the best rental owners through the best management services in albuquerque. we use proven strategies and technology to streamline the rental process for residents and rental owners alike. we can help you make the right decision at ammre real estate, we understand the key to successful property management is finding the right home for the right resident. we then provide attentive resident services that includes 24/7 availability in emergencies and responsive service for routine requests. our residents can pay rent securely online using a choice of payment options. we encourage potential residents to view our listings. you can also learn more in our tenants section or call us with your questions.
  




    


 working with our property owners for albuquerque, nm area investment property owners, we specialize in building sustainable cash flow while improving property appreciation. we target quality residents in search of long term properties to call home. if you own an investment property and are in search of a property manager that will give your property the attention it deserves, contact us. you can also learn more in our owners area and management services area.discover the attentive and progressive resident and property management services of ammre real estate. we look forward to assisting you.


   testimonials i came to ammre not knowing anything about albuquerque. the staff was very helpful and kind. i found a home and was able to move within just a few days. i would definitely recommend them to anyone.– kenda deputy jaime has been great with us. the most important thing to us since we live out of town is having someone who is responsive to questions and concerns about our property and she has that covered. whenever i have a question, she responds right away.– nina banagay
 get a free quote for your property send us your info and we will get in touch with you to learn more about your property and help provide you with a free property quote.  
   first name*

 last name*

 email*

 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




          



















submit maintenance request
    



view owner statement
    



management services









      ammre real estate, inc.       




 6745 academy rd ne, albuquerque, nm, 87109, usa suite c﻿



     



 (505) 765-5800


      






 (505) 765-5858


     



 info@ammre.com


     



  m-f 9:00am–4:00pm



 follow us on facebookgoogle +twitter
    online portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap © 2021 all rights reserved. ammre real estate, inc.
 




















































































































  
  share by:





   




