



jln labs online



the quest for overunity
(c) jln labs 1997-2010 - by jean-louis naudin
http://www.jlnlab.com 
 you are connected on a backup site 

dear new explorers and experimenters,

you are welcome in the jln labs web site dedicated to the
search of free-energy solutions and new generation of
space-propulsion systems. 
good exploration,

jean-louis naudin ( france )






 "....if we could produce
electric effects of the required quality, this whole planet and
the conditions of existence on it could be transformed. the sun
raises the water of the oceans and winds drive it to distant
regions where it remains in state of most delicate balance. if it
were in our power to upset it when and wherever desired, this
mighty life-sustaining stream could be at will controlled. we
could irrigate arid deserts, create lakes and rivers and provide
motive power in unlimited amount. this would be the most
efficient way of harnesing the sun to the uses of man......"
( nikola tesla, june 1919 )





click here for the english version 
cliquez ici pour la version
        francaise 
 
2sgen, a tiny solid
        state generator



  what's new  






search this site powered by freefind



 







 
 cold fusion researches and
        experiments
 plasma, ball lightning,
        oaugdp experiments
 the bingofuel
        project (
        alternative fuels researches )
the synergetic theory: a
        solution to the energy crisis
free energy from atomic
        hydrogen with the mahg 
the chung's negative
        resistance (cnr) experiment



some westlund's experiments
        conducted by jl naudin
tests of the solid state infinite
        power supply (ips) from ossie callanan - full tests by jl
        naudin
tests of the jeff cook's device by
        jl naudin
the acg/pod ( power on demand ) from tim harwood and john
        jankowski - full tests by jl naudin
the hep experiment


"le chemin qui mène à la
perfection et à l'amour est au fond de nous...
regarde avec ton esprit, prends conscience de ce qui est en toi
depuis toujours, fais usage de ta science, enseigne la,
fais la partager et tu trouveras la voie de l'envol...."
richard
bach << jonathan livingston le goéland >>

copyright
information
unless
otherwise noted, all materials at this site (including without
limitation all text, html markup, graphics, and graphic elements)
are copyrighted ©, 1997-2010 by jean-louis naudin. the material
available through this site may be freely used for attributed
noncommercial educational purposes only. we ask that due credit
and notification be given the author.   
all
materials appearing on this website may not be reproduced, stored
in any retrieval system, or used in any way for commercial
purposes without the express prior written permission of the
copyright holder.   
disclaimer:
the author assumes no liability for any incidental, consequential
or other liability from the use of this information. all risks
and damages, incidental or otherwise, arising from the use or
misuse of the information contained herein are entirely the
responsibility of the user. although careful precaution has been
taken in the preparation of this material, we assume no
responsibility for omissions or errors.   
send
correspondence to: jnaudin509@aol.com




