





a1scrubs.com medical scrubs, nursing uniforms, shoes and accessories since 1997












 
































 home

register








 last chance, sale ends monday! - up to 40% off select fav's + free shipping @ $99! 0








 >registershop medical scrubs a-z top scrub brands a-calluraallura reservebarco onebarco one performance knitbarco unifycarharttcarhartt force cross-flexcarhartt rugged flex peakcherokeecherokee atmoscherokee formcherokee workwearww core stretchww originalsww originals ultraww professionalsww revolutiontop scrub brands d-hdickiesdickies balancedickies edsdickies eds essentialsdickies eds signatureeds nxtfundamentalsgreys anatomy classicgreys anatomy evolvegreys anatomy spandex stretchhealing handsheartsoulhh limited editionhh new jacquard collectionhh purple labelhh workshh x dr kwanetop scrub brands i-rinfinityinfinity gnr8inspirainspira flexjockey scrubslandaulandau forwardlandau proflexlandau scrub zonemc insightmc touchmed couturemeta lab coatsmeta scrubsproject lab by cherokeerothwear insightrothwear touchtop scrub brands s-zskechersskechers slip-insskechers vitalitywhite crosswhite cross crftwhite cross v-tesswink boundlesswink motowink novawink originswink prowink renewwink thrivewink w123wink workwonder winkzoe+chloeshop menshop womengroup ordersembroideryjoin the clubhelp/returns











       























































 

































































































  shop premium medical scrubs and nursing uniforms - a1scrubs.com 
why choose a1scrubs.com?



consistency and quality - 
	our nursing scrubs are
     designed to maintain their comfort and durability through countless
     washes, ensuring your team looks professional every day.
	


wide range of options - 
	with popular scrubs brands like 
	carhartt,
	wink, skechers, infinity and more, we offer professional medical apparel to suit every
     member of your staff, from the front desk to the operating room!
	


customization services - 
from embroidery to custom logos, personalize your new scrubs to reflect the professionalism
     and identity of yourself, your healthcare facility or medical office.
	



what we offer:
comfortable nursing scrubs: 
	prioritizing comfort for long
shifts, these scrubs offer breathable, stretchy fabrics that keep you cool and dry.
	


durable medical scrubs: 
	looking for scrubs that can
withstand frequent washing and wear? we've got you covered in styles you'll love.
	


high-quality nurse uniforms: 
	seeking premium materials
and construction? our medical apparel is top of the line using the 
	latest innovations in fabric technology to keep you looking your professional best!
	


functional nursing scrubs: 
	needing practical features
like ample pocket space? we've got the scrubs you need, with up to 7 pockets in select styles and more.
	


stylish hospital scrubs: 
	wanting to maintain a
professional appearance with modern designs? we've got the unique colors and styles you desire.
	


breathable scrubs for nurses: 
for those who work in
warmer climates or need better ventilation, our scrubs offer breathable options that wick moisture away from your body for the ultimate in all day comfort.
	


flexible scrubs with stretch: 
	allowing for ease of
movement during busy shifts, our 2-way stretch, 4-way stretch, and multi-directional stretch medical scrubs move with you while maintaining their shape.
	



affordable medical scrubs:
	you've got a budget, and we hear you, which is why we offer affordable brands that are durable and functional without breaking the bank.
	
ready to upgrade your
medical uniforms?
 explore our extensive collections and enjoy free delivery @
$99+ and contact us for volume discount options and unsurpassed customer
service.
a1 scrubs blog: stay updated on all aspects of medical apparel. discover essential tips and tricks, along with uniform dos and don'ts, and much more.enhance your professional look with custom embroidered
medical uniforms

at a1 scrubs, we offer top-quality medical uniforms and
scrubs with optional embroidery
	 to add a personal touch to your workwear.
choose from popular brands like cherokee, landau, jockey scrubs, dickies and more and 
	customize your scrubs with up to two lines of embroidery or your logo starting at just
$8.99. our durable polyester thread ensures your embroidery remains vibrant and
professional, even after multiple washes. explore our extensive collection and
enhance your team's appearance with custom embroidered scrubs that combine
comfort, quality, and style. 
	enjoy easy online ordering and exceptional
customer service at a1 scrubs.
	

join the a1 scrubs family today by registering and unlock a streamlined and personalized shopping experience that saves you time every time you shop at a1scrubs.com.
registering allows you to move through the checkout process faster, keep track of your orders, create wishlist's, enjoy exclusive members-only discounts, and receive up to $10 in store credit.
frequently asked questions: (faqs)


what medical scrubs brands do you offer?


we offer a wide range of brands, including landau, grey's anatomy scrubs, skechers medical scrubs, jockey scrubs and more. each brand is known for its
quality and 
	durability, making them perfect for busy medical environments.
	


how can i place an order for medical scrubs?


you can shop by color above or select a brand then a
scrub top or pant first. you can use our search feature as well to find
"zipper fly pants" or "mock wrap tops" or
"antimicrobial" scrubs or "joggers". if you can't find what
you're looking for, use our live chat feature or contact us @ 866-217-2782.
	


do you offer group discounts for bulk orders?


yes, we offer competitive pricing and discounts for bulk
orders. the discount level depends on the quantity of your order. check out
	group orders for more details.
	
 join the club be the first to know about new medical scrubs, special offers and more.  first name  last name email * a1scrubs club  join now


		there is no cost or obligation. opt out anytime.
	



bulk/group orders 
for medical and dental offices

at a1 scrubs, we understand the needs of medical and dental
facilities that require quality, professional, and cost-efficient 
	uniform
solutions
	. whether you're outfitting a small clinic or a large hospital, our
	bulk/group order options provide the flexibility and pricing that make us the go-to
choice for healthcare professionals across the nation.
	



treat yourself to new medical uniforms and scrubs!discover top-brand medical scrubs and uniforms at
unbeatable prices. 
shop by color for a coordinated team look or add
personalized embroidery to showcase your style. enjoy easy online ordering and
significant savings on 
bulk orders. shop now @ a1 scrubs 
"we pride ourselves on excellent customer service.
if you have a question or can't find what you're looking for, use our live chat
feature, send us a message or contact us toll free @ 866-217-2782. we're here
to help you find quality, affordable, beautiful new scrubs and we appreciate
the opportunity to earn your business today."
	



  
   4.7 / 5         2,508 verified reviews                                       slide 10 to 12 of 50jodi06-19-24 - united statesso far so goodshawn l.06-18-24 - united statesi ordered the wrong size pants, so will be returning and requesting an exchange.sarah g.06-17-24 - united stateswonder sales rep that assisted with checkout onlinekeith b.02-11-25 - united statesfastanonymous02-06-25 - united stateseasy to use the website and come quicklybrian e.01-29-25 - united statesthank you! i was looking for these in my size and this color.achara01-16-25 - united stateslandau 8380 and 8219 fits my body type. thank you for carrying them.thomas d.01-13-25 - new hanmpshire, united stateseasy navigationi think you could improve the tracking link, overall i am quite satisfiedjeanie b.01-13-25 - fl, united stateshave ordered many times because i found a brand/ size that worked for me - if you know the brand and size you want you can get some good deals/ if you're not sure and order you will have to pay for return shipping / and shipping takes approximately a week to 10 days / had to return this time because of size i ordered was wrong - my advise if you know what you want- go for it !susan p.01-08-25 - united statesgreatdr. t.01-01-25 - united stateseasygee12-26-24 - tx, united statesalways get good service.terri h.12-11-24 - united statesvery easy to navigate, really appreciated the holiday discount!anonymous12-06-24 - united stateseasy to find a specific item my daughter wanted.karen f.12-05-24 - texas, united statesi was happy to use the friday discount code that you guys offered. thank you so much!achara p.12-03-24 - united statesthe landau 8380 pants and landau 8219 are so comfortable and absorbs moisture very well - i love them !lisa s.12-01-24 - united statesit was easy to order.clw11-22-24 - united statesgreat selection, easy to use.anonymous11-19-24 - united stateseasy to place order. good pricesanonymous11-16-24 - united statesgood selection. easy to search.edward m.11-13-24 - united statesit was user friendlyrochelle r.11-07-24 - united statesi have had in the past had to order off of several different sites to get all that i needed. but here i was able to order everything in 1 site.gee11-01-24 - united statesyou had my scrubs in!achara p.10-31-24 - united statesyou have landau essentials 8380 pants and landau essentials 8219 v neck top. please do not stop carrying these items. thank you so very much. it means a lot for people with certain body types. these are so comfortable, absorb sweats and lets the pores breath.priscilla r.10-26-24 - cartago, costa ricaeasy to do itcarl d.10-22-24 - united statesvery easy on line shoppinganita t.10-07-24 - united statesgreatanonymous10-01-24 - united statesquick and easy check outwanda09-27-24 - united statesit was good. i did not see you on google. i found you on the landau website. i'm glad i did.david c.09-26-24 - united statesfast and easy shopping experience!debora c.09-24-24 - united statesdo not like that i had ti pay shipping.ken09-18-24 - united statesit worksthomas t.09-13-24 - united statesordered scrubsjames p.09-09-24 - united statesa1 always has the selections i am looking for and deliver accurately every time.janet h.09-01-24 - az, united statesgreat qualitypatricia g.09-01-24 - tx, united statesvery misleading on the pant order. i wanted to order. landau #7602, hunter green. it says in stock but it's not. till november. so i had to buy a replacement that we don't like.marchelle w.08-31-24 - united statessecond time to order. very satisfied.anonymous08-30-24 - united statesgreatsusan08-24-24 - me, united statesi am an older health care worker that does not prefer the modern scrubs of the younger people i work with. these scrub pants are comfortable and just my speed. i appreciate your company having them still available.esther a.08-17-24 - united statesfirst time useanonymous08-15-24 - united statesvery easy to orderpatricia g.08-10-24 - united statesi am returning my first order because of wrong size so you suggested to purchase the right size again & then return the wrong size that way i will get them faster.jean08-07-24 - united stateseasy use of website have ordered this brand for many years now - happy with order and productannmarie a.08-06-24 - united stateseasy and quick ordering process! will review more when i receive the order.little j.07-20-24 - united stateseasy and fastbill a.07-18-24 - al, united states!!!sylvia m.07-10-24 - ohio, united statesdid the medic discount apply?nomildred m.07-09-24 - texas, united statesgreat timeamy b.06-26-24 - united statesin making a return for size issues, the matter was handled promptly and efficiently with no hassles or glitches. i am pleased with the products and the service.kevin r.06-22-24 - ohio, united statesorder came fast and was correct. the scrubs i ordered were on backorder but a1 scrubs had them in stock.jodi06-19-24 - united statesso far so goodshawn l.06-18-24 - united statesi ordered the wrong size pants, so will be returning and requesting an exchange.sarah g.06-17-24 - united stateswonder sales rep that assisted with checkout onlinekeith b.02-11-25 - united statesfastanonymous02-06-25 - united stateseasy to use the website and come quicklybrian e.01-29-25 - united statesthank you! i was looking for these in my size and this color.      see more reviews on shopper approved                       
 
*exclusions to promotions and coupons: if you have any issues redeeming an a1 scrubs coupon code, please note the following manufacturers have imposed restrictions on retailers that prevent us from using a coupon on their products: adc, asics, cherokee, cherokee workwear, dickies, grey's anatomy, heartsoul, infinity, landau, skechers, wonderwink & gift certificates. in addition - coupon codes will not work if the item is already discounted or marked down. if a coupon code is good for a discount at a specific dollar amount, that dollar amount excludes applicable shipping and or sales tax. coupons cannot be combined. one coupon per order. a1scrubs is not responsible for incorrect pricing and/or sale detail nor will it match or sell products displaying false/incorrect pricing and reserves the right to refuse, cancel, invalidate and/or refund any order.
 






×



save more!join the club for instant discounts, coupons, special sales and more. first name *  last name *email *
 a1scrubs club
 join the club
don't show this window again










shop womentops
pants
jackets

lab coats

maternity


shop mentops
pants
jackets
lab coats
popular
a1 scrubs, inc. since 1997about us
help/contact
privacy policy
terms/conditions
e-gift cards
group sales
embroideryregistered usersmy account
my order history
my wishlistshopper approved reviewsshop safe
accepted cards







payment partners

paypal express
purchase order








© 2020 










































×
shop by color





close







