






allmetal screw products corp. - stainless steel fasteners,specialty fasteners | manufacture and sale of commercial & military stainess steel fasteners






























phone: (631) 243-5200
  
 
 










home
about

about us
line card


parts search
products/services

browse our products
product manufacturers
special custom fasteners
quality control
packaging


contact / rfq
 


select page


  
 



 



 











 
 

stainless steel screw products
made in the usa
dfars compliant
 
learn more

 
 
 



stainless steel screw products
made in the usa
dfars compliant
 
 



 
 
 



ready to shipover 150,000 sku’s in stock


 

manufacture and sale of
commercial & military

 
view items

 
 
 



browse our products
 
 
 


special custom fasteners
 
 

military parts
 
 

aircraft & aerospace fasteners an-ms-nas
 
 
 


eye bolts
 
 

available product lines
 
 

hex bolts & cap screws
 
 
 


hex nuts, lock nuts
 
 

metric fasteners
 
 

machine & tapping screws
 
 
 


pins
 
 

plastic & nylon fasteners
 
 

plating and special finishes
 
 
 


self-locking fasteners
 
 

socket head cap & set screws
 
 

spacers, standoffs, handles
 
 
 


tamper proof fasteners
 
 

u-bolts
 
 

washers
 
 
 



 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 



stainless steel fastener specialists
custom stainless steel fabrication
 
iso 9001 certified | dfars  compliant | an, ms and nas certified inventory
 
at allmetal screw products corp. in deer park, new york, we have successfully provided high quality metal fasteners to commercial, government and military customers since 1929. we have been recognized as the industry leader in stainless steel fasteners for more than 86 years. to meet the diverse demands of our worldwide customer base, we stock more than 150,000 different types of bolts, nuts, screws and other fasteners.
 
 

 
 


 

more than 150 years of combined experience
 
serving customers worldwide
 
our combined warehouses, covering over 25,000 square feet, are devoted to fulfilling the needs of our customers. we have a vast inventory of standard and military hardware and the ability to manufacture fasteners to comply with your specifications, in a wide range of sizes and materials. our quality management system is certified to iso 9001.
 
 
 


other services we offer
 
manufacture and sale of commercial & military parts
 

inventory management services – our staff will monitor your inventory and keep it within agreed-upon minimums and maximums.
lean manufacturing technology – we can help you minimize waste in your production model by maintaining tighter controls on your inventory. our employees will monitor your inventory as often as three times a week to ensure that you have what you need, but not more than you need.

 
 

 
 
 



stainless steel fastener specialists
custom stainless steel fabrication
 
iso 9001 certified | dfars  compliant | an, ms and nas certified inventory
 
at allmetal screw products corp. in deer park, new york, we have successfully provided high quality metal fasteners to commercial, government and military customers since 1929. we have been recognized as the industry leader in stainless steel fasteners for more than 86 years. to meet the diverse demands of our worldwide customer base, we stock more than 150,000 different types of bolts, nuts, screws and other fasteners.
 
 



 
 


more than 150 years of combined experience
 
serving customers worldwide
 
our combined warehouses, covering over 25,000 square feet, are devoted to fulfilling the needs of our customers. we have a vast inventory of standard and military hardware and the ability to manufacture fasteners to comply with your specifications, in a wide range of sizes and materials. our quality management system is certified to iso 9001.
 
 



 
 


other services we offer
 
manufacture and sale of commercial & military parts
 

inventory management services – our staff will monitor your inventory and keep it within agreed-upon minimums and maximums.
lean manufacturing technology – we can help you minimize waste in your production model by maintaining tighter controls on your inventory. our employees will monitor your inventory as often as three times a week to ensure that you have what you need, but not more than you need.

 
 



 
 
 



more than 150 years of combined industry experience
 

 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 



our information
 
allmetal screw products corp.94a east jefryn blvddeer park, ny 11729
corporate office: long island, new yorkbranch office: baltimore, mdphone: (631) 243-5200
 
ny corporate office directions
 
 

contact us / request for quote
 
name *phoneemail *company namecompany websitemessage *captcha * 




=

 



messagesubmit
 
 
 
 



locations in new york & maryland
 
 
 


new york corporate officephone: (631) 243-5200fax: (631) 243-5307
 
 

baltimore, mdphone: (410) 437-0088fax: (410) 437-3551
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



 


      
 



© 2024 all metal corp. | design by web perseverance  

 
 
 














