









cowan, liebowitz & latman home page











main menu
main content
search




share 









spotlight


cowan, liebowitz & latman earns high rankings from leaders league



news & insights


cowan, liebowitz & latman is hosting another association of corporate counsel musical cle presentation at the bitter end  
24 cowan, liebowitz & latman attorneys named in super lawyers new york metro 2024 lists
valentine's day greetings
new counsel announcement: raphael nemes and lyndsey waddington






on my mind blog


proving a slogan fails to function as a trademark





louis s. edererpartnermeet our attorneys ›



case studies


major league zombie hunter & design registration for clothing is cancelledwe succesfully represented our client, major league baseball partners, inc.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
litigation victory: mastercardlearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
complex sale of the mccall pattern company and transfer of international assetslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
multiple hundred-million dollar sale of firm’s oldest client to kohler co.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
appellate victory on behalf of barclaysfederal circuit upholds successful opposition against application to register lehman brothers for whiskeylearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
u.s. supreme court supports copyright protection for apparel designslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
pro bono offer for covid-19 charitable or nonprofit ventureslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
a smoking hot decisionwe established that cigarette rolling paper size designations are generic.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
appellate victory against coca-cola marks well-known in indiafederal circuit reverses cancellation of u.s. trademark registrationslearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
$3.5 million award in case involving resale of digital musicthe second circuit affirms summary judgment for our client.learn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›
multi-million dollar sale of publishing/news organizationlearn more about&nbspthis&nbspcase›






what they say


“of [robert] english, a patron remarks, ‘bob’s advice on complex trademark licence issues is always insightful. he is knowledgeable, practical and patient – a pleasure to work with. cowan’s fees are reasonable and turnarounds are swift.’”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals
“across virtually every industry area, [maryann] licciardi delivers comprehensive and effective trademark counsel, supporting the commercial objectives through strategic portfolio management and penetrating enforcement.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals 
“joel [karni schmidt] is a highly competent professional in all uspto matters. he is also skilled in negotiating co-existence agreements and supporting in alleged infringement matters covering all kind of ip rights. joel is highly qualified, has a hands-on approach and is a skilled ip practitioner whose work always satisfies.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals
“jeff chery is a strong trademark practitioner who gets to know his clients’ portfolios. he has an excellent knowledge of the us trademark office practice.”2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals 
“from the quality of its clientele to the calibre of its practitioners, cowan, liebowitz & latman is an undisputed leader in the trademark space. for bullet-proof prosecution strategies and hard-hitting enforcement, few firms across the united states offer as well-stocked a bench as the new york boutique. “2024 wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals 


read more reviews ›





why us
founded in 1957, we maintain long-term relationships by providing sound advice, quality legal work, and highly-responsive, personalized service.

more information about us ›


what we do
we represent clients of all sizes across a broad range of industries. the boutique size of our firm, and the breadth of our practice capabilities, allow us to provide a multidisciplinary approach in a cost-effective manner.



trademark
copyright
litigation & early dispute resolution
patents
advertising, media & technology
customs, international cargo & regulatory compliance
corporate & real estate
trusts & estates
employment & military law
trade secrets


see our practices ›


our clients
our experience spans a broad range of industries and is international in scope. we appreciate the opportunity of growing with successful companies and brands, as well as creative individuals and accomplished executives.













see more clients ›


cowan, liebowitz & latman, p.c.


21st floor
114 west 47th street
new york, ny 10036-1525
t  212.790.9200f  212.575.0671law@cll.com


contact us ›


stay informed
sign up to receive news, insights, invitations to programs and updates from our team.
			by inserting your email and clicking the “sign up” button, you agree to the
			terms of our privacy policy and terms of use.


email address*



x code




* indicates a required field.








why usabout uswhat they sayreach and impactpro bonodiversity and inclusionsocial responsibilityour peopleattorney searchwhat we dopractice areasshaping the fieldexperienceclientswhat's newnewseventson my mind blogcopyright developments blogpublicationssign upcontact

back to page


© 2025 cowan, liebowitz & latman, p.c.
cowan connect
join us
resources
terms of use
privacy policy
attorney advertising

site by firmseek










our website uses cookies to improve the user experience and other functionalities. by continuing to use our site or clicking the “proceed” button, you agree to our use of cookies and the terms of our privacy policy and terms of use.

proceed










