










carnivorous plants for sale: venus flytrap, sundew, and more























































































































 

























skip to navigation
skip to content










your cart










 
  free uk delivery on orders over £70.00

  contact | about us | my wishlist

 








menu

 


search for:

search


 

gift vouchers


my account


help & faqs


checkout


 




£0.00
0











search for:

search


 



carnivorous plants

venus flytraps

venus flytrap plants
venus flytrap collections
all carnivorous plants
collectors specials


trumpet pitchers

all trumpet pitchers
sarracenia species

sarracenia flava (yellow trumpet)
sarracenia leucophylla (white pitcher)
sarracenia minor (hooded pitcher)
sarracenia oreophila (mountain pitcher)
sarracenia psittacina (parrot pitcher)
sarracenia purpurea (purple pitcher)
pitcher plants over 30cm tall
pitcher plants under 30cm tall
sarracenia collections
sarracenia hybrids




more carnivorous plants

beginners plants
sundews
bladderworts
butterworts
cephalotus
cobra lily
heliamphora heterodexa
nepenthes
outdoor carnivorous plants (uk)
gift vouchers


image venus flytraps browse our collection of venus flytraps
image sarracenia browse our collection of trumpet pitchers


cacti & succulents

cacti 

cereus
euphorbia
mammillaria
opuntia
pilosocereus
all cacti


succulents 

aloe
crassula
echeveria
gasteria
haworthia
pachyphythum
all succulents


image cactus browse our collection of cacti
image succulent browse our collection of succulents


collections
terraria
compost & sundries

compost 
growing sundries 
pots, saucers & sowing trays 
indoor light care 
all compost & sundries


seed & seed kits
gift ideas
plant care

carnivorous plant information

albany pitcher
bladderwort
butterworts
cobra lily
heliamphora
nepenthes
sundew
trumpet pitcher
venus flytrap
natural fly control


carnivorous plant care

guide to water for carnivorous plants
growing carnivorous plants outside
guide for carnivorous plant compost
pests & diseases
overwintering venus flytraps
read all blogposts >


videos & downloads

tutorial videos
care guides


how to divide a venus flytrap how to divide a venus flytrap


 


 browse

gift vouchers
my account
help & faqs
checkout
wholesale

do you have a question?

contact us

follow us

facebook
instagram
youtube
newsletter







£0.00
0









  new! cacti & succulents in our range  ! click here to browse them all.

 





 













   



check available carnivorous plants here >> 



    



   























welcome to south west carnivorous plants. 



winners of 7 golden medals at rhs chelsea flower show. 







 































product range. 












 




venus flytraps > 








 




trumpet pitchers > 








 




sundews > 












 




collections > 








 




nepenthes > 








 




seeds and seed kits > 












 




pots, trays and saucers > 








 




compost and sundries > 








 




indoor light care > 



























littleshopofhorrors.co.uk is the online store of south west carnivorous plants 
based in devon uk. 











we have been growing carnivorous plants since 1990 and specialise in hardy carnivorous plants including venus flytrap (dionaea muscipula), north american trumpet pitcher plants (sarracenia), sundews (drosera) and cobra lily (darlingtonia), bladderworts (utricularia) and more.
our care guides and tutorial videos will help you get the most from your carnivorous plants, wherever you grow them. 














subscribe to our newsletter































blog. 











carnivorous plantsare you looking for an exciting and fascinating plant? then a carnivorous plant might be something for you! did you know that carnivorous plants evolved in such a way that they do not use soil as a source of nutrition, but insects?insect-eating plantscarnivorous plants are true carnivores and eat all kinds of insects. in nature, carnivorous plants grow in swampy areas and jungles. these areas have nutrient-less soil, meaning there is no nutrition in the soil. because of this, the carnivorous plant family has evolved to survive by luring insects. carnivorous plants can be found all over the world. in every shape and size, and each species has a different appearance and a different lure method. carnivorous plants are used indoors as natural fly control, or outdoors in a bog garden for example. we also offer various outdoor carnivorous plants that will thrive well in the uk.the trapseach species within the carnivorous plant family has a different baiting method. below you will find a quick overview of the various type of traps.the ‘clap’ trapthis trap is used by the best-known carnivorous plant, the venus flytrap. the venus flytrap (dionaea muscipula) is the only plant species that can count. the fly trap manifests itself in the shape of a mouth. in this mouth there are three to nine hairs. when an insect lands in this trap and touches one of these hairs – twice – within 20 seconds, the trap closes. the plant has successfully caught the insect and the insect won’t break free from it.the ‘cup’ trap:this trap is used by nepenthes (monkey cup plant), amongst others. the cup has an attractive colour and produces an attractive smell that lures insects. when an insect enters the cup, it can not come out again. the cup contains enzymes that slowly digest the insect. we have various species of this spectacular nepenthes for sale in the uk.the ‘trumpet’ trap:sarracenia (trumpet pitcher plant) and darlingtonia californica (cobra lily) are characterized by this type of trap. this trap owes its name from its beautiful appearance. this trap resembles a trumpet. similar to the cup trap, this trap produces an attractive liquid and beautiful colour that attracts insects. inside the trap are small vertical slits that prevent the insect from escaping. at the bottom of the trap is a watery secretion that digests and converts the prey into food.the ‘sticky’ trap:this trap is used by drosera (sundew) and pinguicula (butterwort), among others. the trap consists of a leaf covered with sticky droplets that smell delicious. this smell attracts insects. once the insect lands on the trap, it sticks to it. the prey insect cannot move. these types are ideal for controlling fruit flies.care for carnivorous plantseach carnivorous plant species needs its own care. read more about comprehensive carnivorous plant care by species here. the general care of carnivorous plants will be described below.waterpreferably use rainwater, osmosis water or distilled water. most carnivorous plant species need a lot of water. read more about how much water each species needs on our general care page. do not give carnivorous plants tap water. because carnivorous plants cannot extract substances from the soil properly, it is difficult to separate the substances (which can cause roots to rot). as a result, the carnivorous plant absorbs all substances from the soil. the lime contained in tap water is bad for carnivorous plants and can cause lime build-up in the long term. read more about watering carnivorous plants here.lightcarnivorous plants generally need a lot of sunlight. lots of light gives them a beautiful colour and allows carnivorous plants to attract more insects. read how much light each species needs on our downloadable care guides for carnivorous plants.soilcarnivorous plants are on nutrient-less soil in nature. as a result, they need special carnivorous plant soil. preferably do not use normal potting soil. recommended: we sell the right carnivorous plant compost in our webshop.pruningtraps of carnivorous plants die back, wither and make room for new traps. old traps are best to be removed. remove the traps carefully with clean secateurs without damaging the plant. some carnivorous plants grow flowers. flowering costs a lot of energy for a carnivorous plant. as a result, the traps will not grow quickly. for this reason, it is best to remove the flowers if traps don’t develop as they should (unless, of course, you find the flowers extra beautiful). the flowers of the pinguicula are an exception to this. these flowers aim to attract more insects and can therefore continue to bloom nicely.repottingduring a year carnivorous plants will have a growth and a dormancy period. the growth period starts in spring to autumn (around april to around august). during this period, it is best to repot carnivorous plants. preferably use special carnivorous plant soil. you can also make your own compost mix with peat (maximum ph of 5), sphagnum moss, grit and perlite.need more information?would you like to learn more about carnivorous plants? then have a look at our plant information and care blogs. here we tell you more about carnivorous plants and your most frequently asked questions. do you have a question that is not answered on our online shop? please feel free to contact us. we are happy to help you.buy carnivorous plantswould you like to buy your own carnivorous plant? in our online shop you can easily order your own carnivorous plants throughout the uk. your order will contain care instructions for each plant variety to make sure your carnivorous plants will thrive for years. 











blog



				growing your own carnivorous plants			


in this blogpost we’ll provide you with some tips and tricks to make sure your carnivorous plant seeds will have most success to grow into



			read more »		







plant care



				how to care for nepenthes?			


nepenthes is found in jungles all over the world. this species likes a tropical climate, which is why it is best to keep monkey cup



			read more »		




















read all blogs >































tutorial videos. 












 









 















watch all videos >>





































free uk shippingon all orders above £70,-






fast uk delivery
	despatched within 1-3 days



100% secure checkout
	stripe / paypal / mastercard / visa



 



 
little shop of horrors
(south west carnivorous plants)
united kingdom

product categories 
venus flytraps
sarracenias
sundews
bladderworts
butterworts
cephalotus
cobra lily
heliamphora
outdoor carnivorous plants (uk)
nepenthes


information 
contact
help & faqs
my account
carnivorous plant care guides
delivery information
environmental policy
gift vouchers
wholesale


join us 
subscribe to our newsletter



 



 © littleshopofhorrors.co.uk 2024 | terms and conditions | privacy policy
a company of primrose trading ltd and formerly known as south west carnivorous plants.

 follow us on: facebook | instagram | youtube 

 


 











































































