





tilted kilt































































 














skip to content








home
locations
menu
gear
 

 

home
locations
menu
gear
 








































 

































 














 



"a cold beer never looked so good!"® 



 







 















find a location near you! 







zip / address:




			radius:		
1mi5mi10mi25mi50mi75mi100mi150mi200mi300mi





no results found in this location. please try again.


 


get directions




















						from					





						to					













							add waypoint						





				for			


					driving				

					walking				

					transit				

					bicycling				





				show options			

				hide options			



					avoid tolls				


					avoid highways				


					avoid ferries				







				print directions			

				reset directions			



fetching directions......

reset directions

print directions















 



 















									tilted kilt pub & eatery is more than just a restaurant, and so much more than a sports bar. our fun, festive atmosphere makes us the go-to place to watch sports, enjoy a cold beer and hang out with friends.  we offer a delicious, mouth-watering menu, more than 30 draft and bottled beers to choose from and an extensive spirit selection.  all this, plus year-round, nonstop pro and college sports action on all of our hd screens. of course, there’s also our world famous tilted kilt girls®. beautiful and ever so friendly, everyone is eager to put a smile on your face and an ice cold beer in your hand. so, when you’re in the mood for fine pub food and cold beers, get into your nearest tilted kilt pub & eatery. all across america, everyone agrees that “a cold beer never looked so good.”®
								













 

 

 





















check out our amazing menu where you’ll find plenty of delicious pub food, including our signature handcrafted pub burgers, traditional wings and fish & chips. you can wash it all down with your choice of more than 30 ice cold drafts like guinness, lagunitas and shock top or domestic drinks such as bud light, coors light, and miller lite to local craft drafts as well as bottled beers. tilted kilt knows that variety is as important as quality beers. along with a surplus of beer options, our menu boasts an extensive selection of fine spirits, wines, and custom cocktails. whether you’re in for a celebration, a gathering, or to cheer on your favorite team, tilted kilt has something for everyone to sip on.menu and specials will vary by location. check out the location nearest to you for specifics. 








 




view menus 





























 














casting & careers 



contact us 



franchise inquiry 



franchise login 







 









 







 

















copyright © 2024 – tilted kilt pub & eatery.  all rights reserved | sitemap 






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 





















































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








