


































learning for justice




































































      skip to main content
    

        accessibility
      





 
 
 





 












popular bookmarks

your bookmarks



secondary navigation


latest magazine


publications


the moment


podcasts


one world posters




user account menu


log in


join












primary navigation


the learning center


resisting hate in education


civics for democracy


learning from the civil rights movement


youth learning for justice


growing together


resource pages


liberation lit book reviews


podcasts


film kits




magazine & publications


latest issue


magazine archive


publications


frameworks


articles


one world posters




educator resources


webinars


youth in front


read-along series


student texts


student tasks


teaching strategies


self-guided learning


lessons


learning plan builder




about lfj


about lfj


what it means to learn for justice


the power of place


changes to lfj


reprints and permissions




get the lfj newsletter









search learning for justice

search

















 













celebrate black history month
resist politically motivated attempts to restrict learning about and celebrating black history and other aspects of our diversity. discuss, teach and learn from black history all year long.










 













the roles and responsibilities of the president
understand the office and hold the president of the united states accountable.










 













resisting hate in education series
strategies for prevention, intervention and response to hate and bias.







the moment


dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline



school policies that include harsh punishments, automatic out-of-class time and police involvement for discipline contribute to pushing young people out of classrooms and into the criminal legal system. these punitive practices disproportionately affect black and other children of color, students with disabilities, young people experiencing poverty and children from communities that have been historically marginalized. urgent change is needed to end school pushout and dismantle this school-to-prison pipeline. together, families, educators and community members can advocate for and implement practices that prioritize mental health and well-being and do not push children out of the classroom. we offer these resources to open dialogue, shift practices and foster change to benefit all young people. 





 
















what is the school-to-prison pipeline, and how do we dismantle it?


  urgent change is needed to dismantle the school-to-prison pipeline. together, families, educators and community members can advocate for and implement practices that prioritize mental health and well-being and do not push children out of schools.












 






          publication
        

only young once: dismantling georgia’s punitive youth incarceration system



  [2024] this report investigates policies and practices producing harm and racial disparities in georgia’s youth legal system, and the political culture that undergirds it.











 






          article
        

the heart of facilitation in restorative justice



  inclusivity, understanding of power dynamics and cultural sensitivity are the heart of facilitation for effective restorative justice practices.












view, discuss and sharesee and share past moments using these options. sign up for updatesshare this momentvisit the archive




 














learning from the civil rights movement

the civil rights movement is a story of people who believed they could bring about change. the resources in this series can help us learn from our history and examine today’s justice issues to answer the questions: “how can i make a difference?” “how can we make a difference together?”
learn more




 



get the learning for justice newsletter


enter your email to get started














donate


facebook


instagram


youtube




contact usprivacycareersaccessibilitya project of the southern poverty law center ©1991-2024




























