





b. a. casey communications - copywriter, content developer, stratagist

























 




b. a. casey


enter your content here

 





 











 copywriter  

content developer    

 strategist    









writer



hello. i’m barb casey, a marketing communication writer and content strategist serving business-to-business and business-to-consumer clients in minneapolis, st. paul and nationwide. the right words can drive connection, clarity, motivation and inspiration. believe in the power of the pen!   testimonials.    i’ll let my clients and colleagues take it from here. “i’ve been working with barb for years and she has always delivered creative and concise copy for our projects. barb takes the time to ask the right questions and truly understand the subject matter so that she can write copy that conveys the message accurately—even when the content is very technical. she also has an artistic eye and is able to consider how the copy needs to work with the layout of a piece, which any designer will truly appreciate!”-jason dunlap, dunlap design + digital “our office retained barb to assist us in writing copy for a new website.  but we received so much more!  barb listened carefully.  she truly took time to get to know us, our services and most importantly she captured the essence of who we are collectively and individually. and very importantly, the message is as relevant and informative today as it was when we launched the site. she is professional, personable, and wickedly competent.  i highly recommend her.”tracey galowitz, galowitz • olson attorneys at law“i’ve had the pleasure of working with barb casey for over a decade across several accounts at our marketing agency. she has been an invaluable member of every team i’ve pulled her into. barb has an unmatched ability to quickly digest the complex, ask critical questions that get to the core of a discussion and translate everything into easily understood narrative copy. beyond an excellent grasp of how to say what she’s saying, barb’s strengths lie in truly digging in to understand what she’s saying… she perfectly balances the roles of content expert and copywriter.” -beth hanigan, partner + account lead, lorem ipsum marketing “i hired barb to help cates fine homes with our web site and other communications.  every time i explained what i was trying to say or communicate, she could write it exactly how i was trying to explain.  i really enjoyed working with barb and continue to.”-jennifer cates, cates fine homes











barb casey   b. a. casey communication   651.261.8245   barb@bcasey.com



 

