




	home | north carolina rural electrification authority


























































login










 







search button







 




button




rea
board
former board members


regulatory fee
filings & orders
biennial reports
rural electrification laws


electric utilities
electric member cooperations
resources


telecommunications
telephone membership cooperatives
documents
resources


grants & loans
register a complaint




















donate to hurricane recovery
please give to the north carolina disaster relief fund to help communities recover from helene donate now
























north carolina rural electrification authorityensuring the customers in the predominantly rural areas of north carolina have access to adequate, dependable, and affordable electric and telephone serviceneed to register a complaint?use our online complaint registration formreconnect & community connectloans & grantslearn more...meeting noticethe ncrea board holds regularly scheduled board meetings via teleconference. any persons that would like to participate in the call may do so. meeting details can be found on the home page.























north carolina rural electrification authority




ncrea and its board make decisions for loan and grant requests from north carolina emc and tmc cooperatives for funds from the united states department of agriculture (usda). funds are used to:

provide safe and reliable service to the members
promote the deployment of broadband and economic development in nc
create jobs for the residents of our state







 ncrea and its board approved 18 loan & grant requests totaling $190 million in 2023  grants & loans




in 2023, the ncrea and its board approved eighteen loan and grant requests for usda funds totaling $190 million which will be used to update facilities for the coops, purchase emergency equipment and for economic development in rural areas and approved one application for funds from the usda reconnect program in the amount of $24.9 million which is for the deployment of broadband in rural areas of the state.





ncrea was created as an agency of the state of north carolina to:

ensure that customers in the predominantly rural areas of the state have access to adequate, dependable, and affordable electric and telephone service.
the ncrea serves as an agent for the emc and tmc cooperatives in securing and approving loan and grant requests from the united states department of agriculture (usda) as follows:
 
rural utility service (rus)
rural economic development loans and grants (redlg)
reconnect, community connect, cares act and
rural energy america program (reap) 


oversee the application of the electric and telephone cooperatives rules and regulations to ensure they are administered according to the manner in which they are written.
receive and investigate member complaints of the cooperatives.
advise cooperatives regarding recommended changes in rules and regulations.
the ncrea is responsible for receiving petitions for arbitration in compliance with the 1996 telecommunications act (the act).
perform all other requirements of the north carolina rural electrification laws as documented in chapter 117 of the north carolina general statutes.













meeting notice
the rea and its board has a scheduled board meeting on monday, january 20, 2025 beginning at 10:00 a.m. to join by phone, please call 1-415-655-0003 and the access code is 2437 637 8060. 









loan & grant checklists









                    emc and tmc redlg loan/grant checklist
                






                    emc and tmc rus loan checklist
                



























































































































rea


board
forms
filings & orders
biennial reports
rural electrification laws








electric


electric membership cooperatives
industry resources







  
telecommunications


telephone membership cooperatives
documents
industry resources













do you need to register a complaint?
use our online complaint form

register a complaint






































north carolina
rural electrification authority








4321 mail service center
raleigh nc 27699-4321
984-236-4295








contact us
register a complaint


































©
 copyright 2025 | ncrea
terms of use
privacy statement

















