

theoryofpaul.net | homepage of paul miller






 



 


paul miller is a music theorist, pedagogue and performer.
he served as a
mellon postdoctoral fellow at cornell university and on the faculties of the
university of colorado in boulder and temple university before earning the
rank of associate professor at duquesne university in pittsburgh,
pennsylvania in 2024.

paul has presented research at numerous national and regional conferences, and
his work has been published in perspectives of new music, the american music
research center journal, twentieth-century music, music and letters, opera
quarterly, and music theory online. further work has appeared in early music and the mla
association’s notes. an expert on the remarkable music of karlheinz
stockhausen, paul studied with the composer for six summers and premiered his
solo viola work "in freundschaft" in europe and the united states. paul's
research has centered on the use of physical space in musical compositions,
the connection between biosignals and electronic music, and the viola d'amore
as a historical and contemporary instrument.

as a performer, paul's debut solo album "the undiscovered viola d'amore" with chatham baroque was
released on the centaur label in september 2023. the strad magazine called
miller's performance "virtuoso", and praised him as possessing "flawless
intonation".

paul has appeared at the metropolitian museum of art in new
york city, the library of congress, the national cathedral in washington d.c.,
the darmstadt international festival for new music, the bethlehem bach
festival, the hawai`i performing arts festival and with ensembles such as el
mundo and tempesta di mare. he has collaborated in chamber music concerts with
richard savino and jory vinikour, both grammy® award nominees. during his
tenure as a fellow at cornell, paul led the baroque orchestra there and
studied with neal zaslaw, christopher hogwood and malcolm bilson. he now
collaborates regularly with pittsburgh's chatham baroque ensemble. paul also
performs on a five-string electric violin built by the firm zeta.

since 2020, paul has worked extensively in the max/msp environment.  the
fruits of his labors include an interspecies interactive multimedia eco-sound installation,
a library of music
pedagogy patches, a class in electronic instrument fabrication,
and several other projects supporting colleagues in the
physics and biomedical engineering departments.

as a pedagogue with over 20 years of classroom experience, paul enjoys
teaching everything from fundamental skills such as solfege, voice-leading,
counterpoint and harmony to more advanced topics such as chromaticism, classical form
and post-tonal theory. paul's newest courses incorporate algorithmic
composition, analysis and construction of electronic instruments using
microcontrollers that interface with the max/msp and pd environments.

paul is the founder and director of the music maker's lab at
duquesne university. the lab is a space where students can use
state-of-the-art computers, 3d printers, electronics, a sewing machine, and
other technologies to fabricate sound and music devices using
microcontrollers and other technologies. the lab also sponsors periodic
lectures and presentations by leading artists, technologists and thinkers in
the pittsburgh region.


paul's students have gone on to play important roles in the musical community.
they hold full-time and tenured positions at
james madison university, the pittsburgh symphony, and serve as the dean of the eastman school of music.
paul earned
a ph.d. from the eastman school of music and a master's in viola performance
(studio of john graham). paul's undergraduate studies were at vassar college, new england
conservatory and harvard university.




selected fun stuff

most recent
cv
media maker's lab || 
hypereuclidean
sets || 
past programs from the duke's music

bach suites project || 
plant music ||
vigenère cypher

metanoic echos: an interspecies, interactive multimedia eco-installation

semita: interactive max/msp patches for music theory

exploring islamic music and music theory || vidéothèque





 

on centaur records

the undiscovered viola d'amore

with chatham baroque and justin wallace

on amazon.com


on bandcamp
j. s. bach: the six suites for electric violin solo (bwv 1007 --
1012)

volume 1: suites 1 -- 3

j.
s. bach: six suites for solo electric violin, volume 1 (suites 1-3, bwv
1007-1009) by paul v. miller
volume 2: suites 4 -- 6

j.
s. bach: six suites for solo electric violin, volume 2 (suites 4-6, bwv
1010-<200b>1012) by paul v. miller

electric ensembles: music of j. s. bach, corrette and telemann(possibly
wilhelm friedrich)
electric
ensembles by paul v. miller

niku niwa -- by devon tipp/paul miller
niku
niwa 肉庭, and how things are unmade by various artists

joseph haydn: string quartet op. 33/2, "the joke"
haydn:
quartet op. 33/2, "the joke" by paul v. miller

other recordings

viola d'amore

j. s. bach -- sarabande from the second suite for unaccompanied violoncello, bwv 1008

j. s. bach -- gigue from the second suite for unaccompanied violoncello, bwv 1008

with the bethlehem bach festival

j. s. bach -- betrachte from the john passion

j. s. bach -- erwäge from the john passion

with thomas georgi
i am playing the second part.

huberty -- duo for two violas d'amore

baroque violin
i play both parts on the following recordings. self-performed, produced,
edited, etc.recorded at annabel taylor chapel on the lovely
cornell university campus when i was a postdoc there.

leclair: duo for two violins in e major, op. 12
i. allegro ma poco | 
ii. largo |
iii. minuetto -- altro |
iv. allegro

electric violin
using a zeta 5-string electric violin and various effects on a roland gr-55 synthesizer.

jean-luc ponty -- pizzy cat

video

i invite you to visit my youtube channel for my curated videos.


marini: sonata con due corde
with justin wallace and patricia halversion || duquesne university || 30 september 2017 


synthesizer etudes and experiments

krell helicopters || 
alla zoppa ||
[ambient listening station: short video ||
audio ] ||
arpeggiating echos

nothings ||
pentatonic ripples ||
help us fill this space! ||
untitled requiem




 
peer-reviewed articles

music from plant biosignals: a conceptual and analytical
orientationmusic theory online, volume 30.1 (march 2024),
with christopher cox.

a new collection of viola d'amore music from late 18th century bohemia
early music, volume 45/4 (30 december 2017), pp. 613 - 627.

an adventure in outer space: stockhausen's lichter-wasser and the analysis of spatialized music
perspectives of new music, vol. 50 (2012), pp. 342 - 392.

serial minimalist or minimal serialist?  the music of john mcguire
american music research journal, vol. 21 (2012), pp. 1 - 39.

essays

meredith monk's atlas in los angeles -- in opera
quarterly, spring 2020.


stockhausen in basel and paris: donnerstag in a new light
opera quarterly, vol. 32/4 (december 2016), pp. 321 - 327.


mary bauermeister and karlheinz stockhausen: a collaboration in sound and space
in mary bauermeister: the new york decade, ed. linda muelig (northampton, massachusetts: smith college museum of art, 2014), pp. 87 - 97.

reviews

metamorphosis in
music: the compositions of györgy ligeti in the 1950s and 1960smla notes, (september 2019), pp. 118 - 122.


perspectives for contemporary music in the 21st century
mla notes, vol 75/1 (september 2018), pp. 106 - 109.


the musical legacy of karlhein stockhausen: looking back and forward
mla notes, vol. 74/2 (december 2017), pp. 281 - 84.


furchtlos weiter: the written legacy of stockhausen (review-article)
music and letters, vol 97/2 (may 2016), pp. 316 - 26.


tombeau: facsimilies of the draft score and the first fair copy of the full score
music and letters, vol 95/3 (august 2014), pp. 487 - 89.


from boulanger to stockhausen: interviews and a memoir
music and letters, vol. 95/3 (august 2014), pp. 484 - 87.


stockhausen: a theological interpretation
music and letters, vol 94/4 (november 2013), pp. 712 - 715.


ich hänge im triolengitter: mein leben mit karlheinz stockhausen
twentieth century music, vol. 9, issues 1-2 (march 2012), pp. 221- 227.


miscellaneous

concerto for two violas d'amore
a concerto, c. 1800, attributed to franz götz.  i made this score from manuscripts in the czech museum of music, prague.
the realization involved a considerable amount of work decyphering the
scordatura notation for the viola d'amores, not to mention the flageolet
notation.




 

















photos by michael will, pittsburgh pa and steve groves (stevegrovesphoto.com).





 
to provide plenty of context, i've included the full review in each of these pdf files.

in the
strad, review of my recording "the undiscovered viola d'amore"

boulder bach festival,
2022

bethlehem bach festival, 2017

boulder bach festival, 2014

vivaldi concerto, 2013

vivaldi concerto, 2012







last updated on 30 december 2024.







