






































    
    land surveying | pacific surveying & engineering, inc.
  
  














                  

 

 

 





     home



  our services


   civil engineering



  geotechnical



  land surveying







   about us


   about pse



  careers portal





  contact pse






   

(360) 671-7387








    
 





        land surveying and civil engineering services for your project

 



   for over 30 years, pacific surveying and engineering has grown to become western washington’s most reputable and reliable land surveying, civil engineering and land use consulting firm. we understand the complex issues surrounding land use and site development and our expert knowledge and local and regional connections will help smooth the path to your successful project, no matter the size or schedule. every project, from simple lot surveys to complex capital improvement plans, is personally managed by a company owner, not just a project manager. go ahead, contact them for your project. we listen. you guide us. only after we have a deeper understanding of your project needs will we apply our state of the art technology and expertise to get you what you need. see what services we can offer you for your project.we are proud of our collaborative and flexible company culture. pse is located in the heart of northwest washington in what we locals understand to be a truly special place to live, work and play. we encourage you to come see it for yourself. contact us or join our team.

   

contact pse  to discuss your project

  

more about pse & our approach

  

meet the pacific surveying & engineering team




    services



       

  land surveying
  

button




  

  civil engineering
  

button




  

  geotechnical & geohazard
every project comes with its own needs and challenges. tell us your priorities, and we'll fill them to your satisfaction.   

more projects










    send us a message / request a quote
  homepage request a quote
   full name

 email

 phone

 property address

 tax parcel id

 subject

 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later









       

  © 2025 
pacific surveying & engineering 


 


  main office
  909 squalicum way, suite 111
bellingham, wa 98225
     

 

 

 





  contact
  (360) 671-7387
   

send us a message / request a quote



















































































































  
  share by:













