









iacp | collaborative law, collaborative practice, collaborative divorce























skip to main content




iacp





about collaborative practicewhat is collaborative practice?find a professionalcollaborative practice blogcollaborative reviewiacp standards & ethicsuniform collaborative law act (ucla)about iacpabout iacpwho we arecollaborative practice groupsglobal partnerstrainers directorydonate to iacpour donorscollaborative professional honor rollcontactfor professionalsiacp eventsiacp around the globecommunity event calendarspeakers bureauresources for newly trainedcollaborative connectionjoin iacp




login


 e-mail *
 password *
create new account
request new password



 log in
 























 


conversation time
iacp will be hosting three profession-specific virtual networking events in january for our members. this virtual gathering is a unique opportunity to connect, share insights, and foster relationships within our collaborative community.
find out more 

 


iacp board expression of interest
interested in joining our board of distinguished collaborative professionals? we'd love to have you.  expressions of interest are due by february 3, 2025.
find out more 





 









welcome to the iacp community




 
the international academy of collaborative professionals (iacp) is a global community of legal, mental health and financial professionals working in concert to create client-centered processes for resolving conflict.
our mission:
to transform the way families resolve conflict by building a global community of collaborative practice and consensual dispute resolution professionals.
collaborative practice

empowers you to resolve your legal disputes without judges, magistrates or court personnel making decisions for you.
provides you with specially trained collaborative lawyers, mental health and financial professionals to educate, support and guide you in reaching balanced, respectful and lasting agreements.
offers you a safe and dignified environment to reduce the conflict and minimize its impact on you, your children, your family and your life.


  
 


locate collaborative professionals
find collaborative practice professionals in your area using our member directory:directory
are you a collaborative practitioner who wants to join us? click here to find out how









home
contact
donate



join iacp
terms of use
privacy policy



international academy of collaborative professionals© 2007-2024 all rights reserved





 



