


laurie morvan band official site



























home
tour dates
video 
music
photos
press 
news
store
sign-up
contact


     




















 



tour dates details here





booking


 
booking epk


                      hi-res press photos

stage 
                      plot

band 
                      bio 







blues rock buzz...



laurie 
                      backstory

laurie morvan band musicians
what is blues rock?










laurie morvan band - rockin' the blues!


 



who is laurie morvan band?                    













                          read american blues scene feature 
                          news article on laurie morvan


                          read blues blast cover story on laurie morvan









money talks -  video
from the cd, gravity 
                    semi-finalist in the unsigned only music competition for video
                    



watch more video






                    gravity makes 1st round grammy ballot for best contemporary blues album 

nominated for best blues album of 2018
                      downbeat readers poll

  "tasty, yet blistering strat work that hits all the right notes and overflows with soul." vintage guitar

  "this is a rousing, fist pumping good that's as life affirming as electro blues can be...another killer set from one of the genre's leading lights". 
midwest record




buy it here





 gravity on 2018 first round grammy ballot 
for best contemporary blues album
nominated for                      best blues album of 2018
                      in the downbeat readers poll
nominated for                      best new artist
                    at the 2018 independent blues awards                    
fire 
                      it up! - winner  
2010 best self-produced cd - blues foundation
                       
laurie morvan band - winner 
                       
2008 blues artist on the rise
laurie morvan band - finalist 
                       
2008 international blues challenge
 cures what ails ya - finalist  
                      
2008 best self-produced cd - blues foundation                       
gravity - semi-finalist  
2019 best self-produced cd - blues foundation                     

                      breathe deep - semi-finalist  
                      
2012 best self-produced cd - blues foundation 
winner 4 times for best cd
santa clarita valley blues society  
sign up for our newsletter 
                      to hear about 
                    exciting special events!





"the command of her fender custom shop '56 reissue stratocaster would make most guitarists envious. her playing can be assertive, delicate, bluesy, and most importantly, eminently listenable." blues music magazine
"morvan brings the traditional blues to life with amazing   vocals and well-crafted lyrics, set on a bed of rocking blues.   if you love the   blues, then this album belongs at the top of your musical library.  get it   now." la music critic












 


home - sitemap 
        - calendar - press 
        - store - music - photos 
        - news - video - contact - newsletter - laurie's corner 


 


copyright ©2024 laurie morvan band










blues foundation award winner laurie morvan has built a career playing guitar-driven, rocking blues, with a back pocket full of well-warranted swagger, and songs that reflect true craftsmanship. in an era where fewer and fewer artists are truly aware of (and engage) their audience, she is a true entertainer; a musical ringmaster leading her devastatingly tight band through a myriad of twists and turns with a level of finesse and musical intuition that only comes from years of working together. laurie and her band have toured extensively throughout the usa and canada, with short stints in mexico and europe, lighting up the main stages of some of the industry’s most respected blues festivals, including king biscuit blues festival, calgary bluesfest, magic city blues fest, budweiser illinois blues festival, thunder bay blues festival, and many others.

                since bursting onto the national blues scene in 2008, morvan's albums have all been critically praised, netting an array of awards and nominations, and her fiery stringwork has consistently brought acclaim from some of the world's top guitar magazines. her latest cd, gravity (recorded with grammy and bma award winning producer/drummer tony braunagel), features 12 originals that shake, shimmy and sizzle with her signature playing and soulful, effervescent style. it's also her most successful release to-date, clocking nearly a year on the top 50 blues-rock radio chart and making the 1st round grammy ballot for best contemporary blues album, along with a nomination for best blues album in the prestigious downbeat reader’s poll.






 


website 
          designed by pavenet        privacy 
      policy


 







