
















walker products oem and aftermarket autoparts manufacturer







































































 
























main office: 636-257-2400  l  customer service: 636-257-1700  l  technical support: 844-252-0114 | info@walkerproducts.com




















quality • coverage • support







+ (1800) 456 7890 info@industrial.com







							test							




























home
products

new products
product categories
catalogs
marketing

buyer’s guides
flyers
videos


instruction sheet search


part look up
resources

faq
technical support

common oxygen sensor conditions
how to install oxygen sensors
oxygen sensor locations
instruction sheets


become a certified tech
suppliers
where to buy
media

news
events
industry links
product videos


marketing

flyers
buyer’s guides




about us

vision & values
environmental, social, & governance
health & safety
technology & engineering
policies
capabilities
distribution
certifications
careers


contact us
where to buy
instruction sheets






















 









automotive
product categoriese-catalogmarketing materialstpmswhere to buy





commercial
homepageproduct categoriesproduct informatione-catalogtpms





custom manufacturing
homepagescrew machinegasketsrequest a quote











walker is known for quality, integrity and flat out performance


as an industry leading supplier of fuel delivery components, emission control products, engine sensors, ignition wire sets, ignition coils, and coil-on-plug boots, walker products is uniquely positioned to provide solutions to oem and aftermarket distribution channels. from late models to the very first vehicles using o2 sensors, walker is recognized for exact oem fit, form and function. we have been and always will be committed to exceptional quality and performance.








walker is known for quality, integrity, and flat out performance
as an industry leading supplier of fuel delivery components, emission control products, engine sensors, ignition wire sets, ignition coils, and coil-on-plugs boots, walker products is uniquely positioned to provide oem and aftermarket suppliers. from late models to the very first vehicles using o2 sensors, walker is recognized for exact oem fit, form, and function. we are, and always have been, committed to exceptional quality and performance.








othermotive® 





our sensors are designed to meet oem standards, from tractors and motorcycles, to forklifts and atvs, marine, and more! if it runs with an engine, walker products has a solution for your fuel and sensor needs.


read more





technology 





walker’s top-level engineering team takes existing design models and moves them up to the next level. going beyond expectations is what we do.


read more





environmental, social, & governance 





walker products already helps reduce combustion engine pollution to keep our air cleaner. our primary facilities run on solar energy, and we are avid environmentalists.


read more





new products 





walker is always releasing new products and keeping in step with new oem vehicle models. many times, we are well ahead of the curve and ready to begin servicing the aftermarket.


read more


walker is known for quality, integrity and flat out performance





as an industry leader, walker products has evolved into a premier supplier of fuel delivery components, emission control products, engine sensors, ignition wire sets, ignition coils and coil-on-plug boots.


news/events/media





latest newsread more





upcoming showsread more





mediaread more





we make engines run betterwith tens of thousands of unique products covering over 90% of the vehicles on the road today, walker products delivers on quality, coverage, and support.












sign up to receive the latest information from walker products


sign up











 
we are the leaders in today’s
sensor design and production

 

read more 


 
 

linkshome
product categories
e-catalog
instruction sheets
resources
about us
media
where to buy
careers
policies
 

contact us 525 w congress street
pacific, mo 63069 us
click to view all locations
main office: 636-257-2400
customer service: 636-257-1700
technical support: 844-252-0114
info@walkerproducts.com
hours:
monday-friday
8:00 am – 5:00 pm cst

 







                   © 2025 | walker products. all rights reserved.                


								developed by  yellowdog







translate »we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                                non necessary                            


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












save & accept




















































