


emergency communication equipment












home | portable emergency repeaters | telex radio dispatch and signaling equpment | land mobile radios and p25 | pryme radio products | repeaters and p25 repeaters | rapid deployment trailer | shipping/policies | amateur radio | government orders | links | contact us








emergency communication equipment















































this site 

the web 

















welcome to rad-comm systems  rad-comm systems
                           is a veteran owned business and knows how critical your communication needs can be. weather it be for a remote site communication
                           trailer, or simple repeater systems we can provide you with reliable communications. we have been in business since 1990,
                           and we pride ourselves on providing our customers with the best-quality products and personal service. rad-comm systems
                           is a leading provider of icom land mobile communication equipment. from the simple handheld to p25 digital radios, systems
                           and repeaters to emergency communications trailers and full portable systems. we can also provide gsa pricing with icom america
                           and national accounts on radios and full communication systems. we don't just
                           sell equipment, we try to sell you the right solution for your application whether it be for business 2-way radios: professional
                           uhf and vhf radios, p-25 hand held, base, mobile, repeaters, cross link systems, and full systems. for more information on
                           gsa pricing or current 2-way prices please call at 1-800-588-2426 or e-mail at radcommsystem54@gmail.com for more information on the icom line of professional radios. 






















we take an enormous pride in creating our products, and providing you with all of your communication needs. we
                           also take custom orders; call or email and let us know what your needs are.  we look forward to doing business with you.

we accept the following credit cards:

























communication receiver



















for the most advanced communication receivers click on the picture









our hours

 



monday - friday


10:00am - 5pm 




saterday & sunday closed

 




the federal communications commission has promulgated rules to replace existing wideband radio systems
                           with narrowband frequency ranges. the deadline for this transition is currently 2013. if you need help on applying for modification
                           to your license or need new repeaters that will handle wide and narrowband and the new 6.25 digital systems we currently have
                           repeaters and radios that will meet all of these needs. the fcc is also looking at the new 6.25 khz digital systems for another
                           update after 2013. 







































