 






maska movers cross country moving companies near me & across country



















































skip to content 

home
maska movers
contact us
 
 







search for:


 

get a quote



home
maska movers
contact us
 

 





					blog					 











checklist for moving into your new apartment 

07/27/201907/10/2019 maskapulleave a commentapartment moving checklistapartment, checklist, move, moving 

getting ready to move to a new apartment can be hectic. if you want to avoid repeated trips back to your old place, you need to get organized. below is a brief checklist that can help you make your move a little easier.
get moving supplies
start your moving process by getting moving supplies. while it’s generally easy to remember to get boxes, don’t forget to pick up tape and markers. these items are going to be a necessity as you move, so make sure to grab extra supplies. make it a point to put your moving supplies where you can see them, so they don’t get lost before you move.

make moving arrangements
make your moving arrangements early. if you’re going to hire local or cross-country movers, let them know at least a week in advance. if you’re counting on friends, make sure that you reserve your truck early and that you have back-up plans made in case someone gets hurt or sick before your moving date. the more time you give yourself, the better things will turn out.
start packing
once you’ve got your arrangements set, make sure that you’ve packed everything up. it’s often good to go room by room so that you don’t miss anything. make sure to double-check closets and cabinets before you move out. keep a few extra boxes handy on moving day just in case you forget something.
pack a suitcase
make sure to pack an overnight bag. put in all the items you’ll need to live for a few days so that you don’t have to unpack all of your boxes as soon as you move in. though it’s not always necessary, doing this can save you a great deal of time and let you relax a bit when you’re done with a long move.
clean the apartment
most apartments require you to clean before you move out. make sure to clean the carpets and floors, to scrub down the bathrooms, and to clean in the hard-to-reach places that you might have ignored in the past. remember, any area you forget to clean will likely cause you to get charged by your landlord.
arrange for a walkthrough
your last step in your old apartment should be to arrange a walkthrough with your landlord. don’t rely on him or her to take stock of any damage without you. you want to ensure you get your security deposit back.
plan your move-in
once the day arrives, make sure you have all of your boxes organized and ready to go. ideally, all the packing should be done before the first box needs to be on the truck. double-check that all of your plans before will still work, and then get moving.

get your keys
your final step is to get your keys to your new place. when you move in, make sure to walk through the new apartment and take pictures of any damage. you’ll want to share this with the landlord as soon as possible, so you don’t get charged when you move out.
once you’ve finished this check-list, you can start unpacking. moving is usually hectic, but that doesn’t mean it has to be disorganized. if you can keep track of what needs to be done, you’ll be able to get into your new apartment with less stress.











how to pack wine bottles for a cross-country move 

05/27/201802/28/2020 maskapulleave a commentpack wine bottlesmoving, packing, relocation, wine, wine bottles 

whether you’re a chianti connoisseur or a maven of moscato, when it comes time to transport your beloved bevy of booze, there are a few important things to keep in mind. in addition to ensuring the packaging is secure and stable, also consider the types of wine in your collection, and remember the nuances that each particular persuasion possesses. if you aren’t able to have professional cross country movers move your collection, there are plenty of across country moving options for getting your old reds to your new digs safely. packaging your bottles securely is the most important part of moving your collection. in the event of a fall or drop, a fortified encasement will reduce the chances of breakage.
wine shipping boxes for moving across country
according to professional cross-country movers, the easiest method to move your wine bottles across the country is to use specialty wine shipping boxes. these uniquely designed containers are made up of polystyrene foam cells into which the bottles are placed, then capped with another piece of foam. the entire array is then inserted into a cardboard box. while pricey, wine shipping boxes provide an insulated solution that is simple to pack while limiting the agitation of your wines’ delicate balances.
cell boxes
if you can’t get your hands on the specialty boxes, you can visit your local liquor store, a courier, or even a grocery store, and find out if they have free moving boxes available to give you. cell boxes contain cardboard inserts that will also limit the extraneous movement of your bottles in shipping. they aren’t quite as fancy or secure, so you will want to fill in the empty spaces around the bottles with crushed paper or a similar material.
moving boxes
say you forgot to plan. if your resources are limited, you can place the wine in regular moving boxes, as long as you do so delicately. place something soft like a towel or sweatshirt in the bottom of the box. wrap the bottles individually in paper or bubble wrap and place them standing in the box. you can use foam plates between and around the bottles to keep them from shifting and clanking together.
once your collection is safely packaged, seal the boxes with strong moving tape and label them unabashedly. it is also a good idea to separate whites from reds. whites prefer to be stored at cooler temperatures, around 45ºf. while reds’ are best kept in slightly warmer climates, older ones also have the potential to dry out the corks if they are stored upright. storing these bottles horizontally or upside-down is recommended to keep the corks wet and keep oxygen from entering the bottles. when loading your boxes, they should go to the bottom of your cargo. lastly, keep in mind that when moving such a delicate substance, temperature changes and turbulence will upset the sensitive balance of your wine. it is best to let the bottles rest for 1-3 weeks after moving to allow the contents to settle.











how to pack linens, blankets, pillows & other softgoods for moving 

05/20/201805/02/2018 maskapulleave a commentpack linens and softgoodsmoving, pack linens, pillows, softgoods 

as you pack your items for a move, you should give special attention to your softer items such as pillows, linens, and blankets. these items can be easily damaged or dirtied, so they must be packed with special care. below, read more











a moving company’s guide to packing fragile items 

05/12/201805/02/2018 maskapulleave a commentpack fragile itemsfragile items, packing, valuables 

when moving the last thing you want is to open up a box and find your favorite lamp in pieces.  moving fragile items can be challenging, so here are a few tips to protect your items and get them safely to your new home.
acquire enough boxes
it is advisable to get more packing boxes than you think may be necessary. this will not only help you pack individual items thoroughly, but also make it easier to label.  try not to over-stack your boxes; this can cause some boxes to bend and break, which then leads to a fragile item becoming cracked or chipped.
mix the sizes of the boxes
a variety of box sizes work best when packing your household items. the smaller boxes can suit the smaller pieces while large cartons can be used to carry appliances. your mover should help you identify the right size for the number of fragile items you have. sizes range from shoeboxes to large ottoman sizes. while packing, pack heavier things at the bottom and fill up space with lighter material. alternatively, you can get shallow boxes to carry heavier items.
cushion the items
the boxes may not be safe enough to carry your breakables. cheap movers miami (http://cheapmoversmiami.com/) recommends making use of cushioning materials laying around your home, such as blankets, duvets, and pillows. when packing fragile items, place a sheet at the bottom and carefully position the piece. you can add a pillow on top before securing with tape. also, ensure you label the boxes for safe handling.
pack utensils separately
for cups, glasses, and plates, you may not need to pack them up in boxes with inserts. you can use wrapping paper to cover each item before placing them in boxes. equally, for vases and wine glasses, you can use more wrapping to prevent breakage. wrap your plates individually and then carefully arrange them in a box.  continue providing as much cushioning as needed depending on the item you are packing.
make use of plastic wrap
plastic stretch wraps come in handy for larger items such as dresser drawers, refrigerators, etc. first, provide adequate cushioning using blankets all around the object, then cover the piece using plastic wrap to hold the cushioning in place. additionally, you can proof furniture corners using the same technique.
the above tips can help you secure your valuables and prevent loss. before your move, acquire adequate packing boxes, tape, and wraps. pack each item one at a time and ensure you provide enough cushion. additionally, label the boxes for easy handling and unloading. most importantly, consult with your moving company if you have any questions.
 










six practical ways to reduce moving costs when moving to a new state 

05/11/201805/03/2018 maskapulleave a commentreduce moving costscosts, moving costs, reducing, tips 

moving to another state can be expensive, but there are ways you can reduce your costs. did you know that the average price for an interstate move is almost $4,300? that’s a lot of money when you’re trying to move on a budget. read on to learn more about how you can save some money.
1. free boxes
you can find free moving boxes at liquor stores, grocery stores, schools, starbucks, office supply stores, bars, restaurants, home improvement stores and other places. all you need to know is when they receive shipments and if they’re willing to give boxes away for free.
2. be flexible
if you want to reduce your moving costs, don’t move during peak moving season. summer is peak season because children are out of school and parents are trying to move before the new academic year begins. if you have no other choice but to move during peak moving season, try to avoid holidays, weekends and at the beginning or end of the month. you’ll be able to avoid paying a premium. ideally, you should try to hire a moving company between september and may. you may be able to save 20 to 30 percent.
3. tax break
if you’re moving because of a job, you may be able to claim a deduction on your taxes. you may be able to deduct transportation, storage, travel and lodging expenses. you’re required to meet the distance and time tests to qualify. you can find that information here.
4. negotiate
if you’re hiring a moving company to help you, try to negotiate the estimate they give you. per cheap movers philadelphia (744 south street #722, philadelphia, pa 19147, (215) 618-9686 ), moving companies don’t have a set rate, and they may be able to help you save some money. here’s a tip:
get quotes from several moving companies and compare the estimates. after you’ve done this, call the moving company that you want to hire and try to negotiate a price. tell them that you don’t want to hire them and that you found another moving company that offered a lower price. ask them if they’ll match the lower price or bid lower.
5. get other packing supplies for free
don’t purchase wrapping or filling supplies. you can use blankets, towels, bed sheets and clothes to wrap and protect your belongings. you should use thick socks to protect fragile items. newspapers aren’t recommended. if you don’t want to use boxes, you can use baskets, buckets, drawers and other items.
6. pack your belongings
you can save money by packing your belongings yourself. a full-service move is the most expensive option that moving companies charge. you may need help packing some of your belongings, but try to do the most you can. if you need help, you may want to consider asking your friends or family for help.
conclusion
don’t forget to try to stay calm during this process. you’ll want to give yourself plenty of time to move to minimize stress. rushing the moving process is the worst thing you can do. be sure to organize your belongings and don’t hesitate to throw away things you don’t need. it’ll make the process a lot easier.











5 steps to take when packing your electronics when moving 

05/05/201805/02/2018 maskapulleave a commentpacking electronicselectronics, packing, steps 

moving can present a myriad of challenges, but the most potentially expensive challenge is figuring out how to protect your electronics from damages. if you’re looking for a step-by-step guide on how to properly pack your electronics to protect them on moving day, you’ve come to the right place.
1. back up your files
this step doesn’t apply to electronics that don’t save data, obviously. this step applies mostly to desktop computers, laptops, or tablets. you never know if something may go wrong during the packing and transporting of these items.  if the hard drive becomes damaged, it becomes inaccessible. that means any pictures, music, files, videos, text documents, etc. will be lost to you permanently. it’s essential that you back up all of your data to a portable hard drive, a flash drive, or to the cloud via a third party storage website. once you’ve backed up and saved all of your important files, it’s time to move on to the next step.
2. pack it right
cheap movers seattle (www.cheapmoversseattle.com), says you can provide safe packing for your electronics by using appropriately-sized boxes, strong packing tape, packing blankets, styrofoam packing materials, and bubble wrap. the key thing to remember when packing electronics is that shifting of the equipment during moving is the biggest potential hazard. to prevent shifting, you must leave little to no space within the box. to accomplish this, you can stuff the box full of styrofoam, packing materials, or you can use sheets and blankets to save money. as an important side note, be sure to purchase anti-static bubble wrap. static discharges could damage the delicate circuit boards within your electronic devices.
3. bundle cords with remotes
if your electronics come with a cornucopia of cords, cables, and remotes, be sure to organize them properly. using rubber bands, zip ties, bread ties, string, or any other type of banding material, wrap each cord into a small bundle and secure it with a banding material. be sure to label each cord so that you know to which device the cable belongs. to make unpacking easier on you, pack the cords and remotes with their corresponding electronic device instead of packing them separately.
4. remember temperature control
electronics are surprisingly sensitive to extreme temperatures. to prevent your electronics from being exposed to such temperatures, it’s best to keep them with you as you travel instead of trusting them to a moving company or a third party. keep in mind that if you’re moving a printer, it is wise to remove the printer cartridges before packing it away for moving. ink cartridges are more sensitive to extreme temperatures than other electronics and could cause a mess inside of your printer if left inside.
5. labels save the day
when boxes are being picked up for moving, unless they’re properly labeled, the boxes’ contents are unknown. this can cause the boxes not to be handled properly. to avoid a potentially damaging situation, always label the boxes that contain delicate electronics. “fragile,” “this side up,” or “pack last – electronics” are good examples of labels to use on your boxes so that movers can give proper care when handling these boxes.
 











a checklist for planning your cross-country relocation 

04/27/201805/03/2018 maskapulleave a commentcross country relocationchecklist, cross country, relocation 

ready to uproot your entire life and move across the country? it’s easy to get caught up in the excitement of rushing off into the sunset because sometimes, we need to where go everybody doesn’t know our name to get read more









follow us



facebook





twitter





instagram





google





linkedin





stumbleupon






latest from the blog


checklist for moving into your new apartment


how to pack wine bottles for a cross-country move


how to pack linens, blankets, pillows & other softgoods for moving


a moving company’s guide to packing fragile items


six practical ways to reduce moving costs when moving to a new state


advertisement 


 

search

search for:


custom linkshome
maska movers
contact us
more info for more info, please contact us or email us at 
lowcostmoving@maskapulleys.com






								© 2025. maska movers. all rights reserved.

				    	

 



privacy policy


 















