



tortuguero costa rica .:. hotels and tours in tortuguero national park 




























 

contact us
tortuguero national park
tours packages 
hotels in tortuguero 
highlights
turtles
pacuare rafting
deutsch 
espanol 



 









tortuguerocosta rica hotels 
explore the fascinating tortuguero national park in costa rica ! 
more




national park tortuguero
1 day nature tours and all inclusive overnight trips with lodging included.
more



previousnext








national park
tortuguero, one of costa rica's most popular ecotourism destinations, the canals, rivers, beaches and lagoons of tortuguero national park are a study of rainforest, freshwater and marine biology. the park and small town of tortuguero are accessible by boat or small aircraft. when people think of rainforest, the first thing that automatically comes to their minds is tortuguero.
				explore lall our trips leaving from la fortuna , san jose, puerto viejo, cahuita y alajuela  



tortuguero canals
tortuguero national park is you must stop while in costa rica. discover its network of canals, lagoons and dense rainforests and see the turtles hatch. the park stretches north along the caribbean coast up to the village of tortuguero, which has a small population of around 500, no cars, and is located on a relatively narrow spit of land between the beach and a canal.


hotels and packages
just north of tortuguero are the various lodges and hotels. all these sections consist of a canal running parallel to the beach on the east, and fed by a maze of serpentine streams and channels from the west.tortuguero national park offers a large variety of hotels and lodges. we selected 11 of them, with whom we operate special packages on a daily basis including transportation, all meals, local tours and taxes.


tortuguero wildlife
abundant wildlife inhabits tortuguero, including 57 species of amphibians, 111 species of reptiles, and 60 species of mammals. more than 300 species of birds live in tortuguero. birdwatchers commonly see keel-billed toucans, slaty tailed trogons, montezuma oropendulas and a variety of parrots. birds common along the canals include green and great blue herons, egrets, belted kingfishers, anhingas, jacanas, sun grebes and several species of hawks and kites.

 

nature
other animals commonly seen are fishing bats, three-toed sloths, iguanas, basilisk lizards, poison dart frogs, and howler, white-faced and spider monkeys. the tracks of river otters, collared peccaries, and baird's tapirs are often seen on the banks of rivers and canals. caiman are commonly observed in the waterways, which also are home to gar-fish, manatees, crocodiles, crustaceans, and an occasional bullshark. jaguars, ocelots, and kinkajous inhabit the park, but are rarely seen..


sea turtles
one of the most amazing natural spectacles that happens in tortuguero is the arrival of the sea turtles, which find a haven in tortuguero`s beaches. the green sea turtle  comes and lays eggs, which then later hatch and hundreds of thousands of small sea turtles leave their nests to go into the ocean and continue the cycle. read about 
		         	best time to visit tortuguero and       	why you should visit tortguero first.



3 days trip
this adventure includes transportation from san jose or other destinations to tortuguero and back, all the meals, lodging and even the guided tours.

2 days trip
the 2  days and  1  night package also includes all the meals, transport, both tours and english speaking guides. 


tortuguero and pacuare
combine a 3 day stay in tortuguero with all included with the amazing overnight pacuare river rafting package, staying at rios tropicales lodge. we work with all the hotels and lodges in the area, including mawamba lodge, laguna, pachira, evergreen, aninga, tortuga lodge, manatus and turtle beach lodge. all meals, tours and transport is included.

 




tortuguero national park
the little amazon of costa rica, a vast region of tropical lowland rainforests, one of the last preserves for jaguars, pumas, monkeys, and a haven for the endangered green sea turtle.
read more





map





find out where tortuguero national park is located.
read more...




about costa rica





costa rica has much more to offer tan just nature.
read more...




sea turtles





the green sea turtles and other species come to tortuguero.
read more...




birdwatching in tortuguero






tortuguero is a preferred destination for bird watching.
read more...




tours and things to do






find out what else you can do in tortuguero national park.
read more...




limon cruise tours and shore excursions






day trips, shore excursions and cruise tours for clients arriving to limon.
read more...




about our company






costa rica exotica natural is the specialist for tortuguero,
read more...




picture gallery





learn more... you can choose from the one day tour out of san jose, the 1 night overnight adventure with meals, tours and transport included, and the most popular 3 day tour or the combo trip with rafting included.
read more...




transportation





   there are several ways of arriving to tortuguero.
read more...



 





about us



we are costa rica exotica natural, established since  2002 as one of costa rica’s leading tour companies specializing in tortuguero national park, along costa rica`s caribbean.





highlights


 
packages
 
hotels
 
tours
 
sea turtles
 
canal tours
 
lodges






contact us


 
tours@tortugueroinfo.com
 


+506 85290732



sailing guanacaste 











   





book or inquire now !










 