















montrose, co - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























    living & working here      city government      explore montrose      department services  


 

 

 

 





 













search







 
 
 







residents







seeclickfix montrose



utility billing



police and public safety



black canyon golf course









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







businesses







sales tax licensing & payment



permits & licenses



bid postings



building services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







government







city council



public meetings portal



department directory



docs & public records









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 


































 














home








jobs








webcam








documents








maps








contact us










 
 
 



 














latest news& updates
 






  
 
 















city offices to close on presidents’ day 


city of montrose offices will close in observance of presidents’ day on monday, february 17, 2025.						read on...







rathbone hotel earns history colorado’s people’s choice award 


the rathbone hotel, located in historic montrose downtown, was recently chosen to receive history colorado’s peoples choice award for the hotel developer’s dedication to preserving the building’s historical heritage.						read on...







city of montrose announces “the year of main street" a record year for infrastructure investment 


with over $9 million of infrastructure projects planned for main street in 2025, the city of montrose is thrilled to declare the upcoming construction season as "the year of main street.”						read on...






city of montrose mourns loss of montrose county commissioner dunlap 


the city of montrose was devastated to hear of the unexpected passing of montrose county commissioner rick dunlap over the weekend. dunlap’s lifelong commitment to public service left a lasting impression throughout the montrose community and beyond.						read on...







historic preservation commission now accepting applications 


the city of montrose is accepting applications for a vacancy on its historic preservation commission.						read on...






blog: city council regular meeting: tuesday, february 4, 2024 


city councilors met for their regular meeting on tuesday evening, february 4, to consider a new liquor license application, and several contracts for ongoing city projects.						read on...






blog: city council work session: monday, february 3, 2025 


city councilors met for a work session on monday morning, february 3, to review and discuss several ongoing city projects.						read on...







city launches new service request, resident reporting, and relationship management software 


city of montrose residents have a powerful new digital tool to help report quality-of-life issues and request government services through a smartphone application called seeclickfix that residents can install on any ios or android device.						read on...







public feedback sought for roundabout art installation 


the city of montrose is in the preliminary stages of installing a new public sculpture within the traffic roundabout at the intersection of n 9th street and n grand avenue and is seeking public input for the concept of the sculpture.						read on...






blog: city council regular meeting: tuesday, january 21, 2024 


city councilors met for their regular meeting on tuesday evening, january 21, to consider a pair of contracts for ongoing work on the city’s new public works facility and the purchase of a new motor control for the wastewater treatment plant.						read on...






blog: city council work session: tuesday, january 21, 2024 


city councilors met for a work session on tuesday morning, january 21, to meet new city employees and review several contract awards for ongoing city projects.						read on...






city awarded grant to pursue national designation of historic montrose neighborhood 


the city of montrose has been awarded a grant from the history colorado state historical fund to support its efforts to nominate the community's tortilla flats neighborhood to the national register of historic places.						read on...






blog: city council regular meeting: tuesday, january 7, 2024 


city councilors met for their regular meeting on tuesday evening, january 7, to consider a pair of contracts for ongoing work on the city’s new public works facility and the purchase of a new motor control for the wastewater treatment plant.						read on...






blog: city council work session: monday, january 6, 2025 


city councilors met for a work session monday morning, january 6, to interview a member of the planning commission for reappointment and to consider a number of contracts for upcoming city projects.						read on...







ogden road to close until spring 2025 for bridge construction 


contractors working for the city of montrose will close ogden road starting on november 11, to replace an aged and undersized crossing of the loutsenhizer canal.						read on...







agreement reached to build veterans memorial 


montrose county and the city of montrose recently signed an agreement to partner with the montrose veterans memorial coalition (mvmc) for the creation of the montrose veterans memorial.						read on...







city creates mural program to promote the growth of public art 


the city of montrose’s development and revitalization team, dart, aims to turn existing building spaces into creations of public art through a new mural program.						read on...






blog: city council work session: monday, april 1, 2024 


city councilors met for a work session monday morning, april 1, to meet with the local montrose recycling advisory committee and discuss a right-of-way vacation.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 












 
 
 



 








 
 



  
 














latest videospotlights
 






  
 













view a growing selection of video content featuring community topics, city council proceedings, and city news and services.
 






  
 













video center







public meetings portal







community web cam









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














city projects& highlights
 






  
 













moving montrose forwardget info and updates about the city’s capital improvement and street maintenance projects on movemo.co.








new public safety complexcompletion of the montrose public safety complex ushers in a new era for local law enforcement.








envision 2040 planview the new comprehensive plan that was approved by city council in 2021.










 
 
 



 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







contact us







city of montrose400 e main streetmontrose, co 81401phone: 970-240-1400department directory
 






  
 



  
 







popular pages







webcam



job postings



online bill payment



bid postings



online services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









