


















 edward quinn photographer




for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.instructions how to enable javascript.




the edward quinn archive













photos

stars
celebrities
arts
miscellaneous
picasso
highlights
extended search
views

3d exhibition
films
texts
books
exhibitions
about

the archive
team
quinn’s biography
additional infos
representatives
products

reproduction license
fine art estate prints
vintage prints
contact prints
research
exhibition planning
copyrightfaqcontact 
basket0











search photos



search


extended search





the edward quinn archive provides photos for media, exhibitions and collectors. this website contains about 17'000 pictures of stars, celebrities and artists taken on the côte d’azur from the 1950s to the 1970s by the irish photographer edward quinn (1920–1997). he lived and worked as a photographer on the french riviera. his images capture the unique charm, sophistication and chic elegance of this legendary time and place.




highlights









more








picasso










stars







celebrities







arts







miscellaneous










news


 

swiss culture magazine du
swiss culture magazine “du“ oct 24 is dedicated to edward quinn. here are some excerpts: http://www.du-magazin.com/kiosk/








 

latest book: picasso, friends and family
photographs by edward quinnhatje cantz verlag, berlin 2023edited by wolfgang frei, introduction by jean-louis andral, director picasso museum, antibes.230 pages, 220 photos, text in englishhatje cantz verlag"he doesn’t bother me," picasso commented of the photographer edward quinn, after the latter had first photographed him at work in the ceramics studio in the early 1950s. this was undoubtedly one of the reasons why quinn was allowed to accompany the artist with his cameras for over 20 years from 1951 onwards during his time on the côte d’azur: in the studio, in private with his family, with artist friends, at the bullfight, out and about, with lovers or simply at the hairdresser’s.edward quinn’s vivid photographs from pablo picasso’s everyday life are not only of great intimacy, disclosing their mutual friendship, they also document his versatile character, his humor, and his enthusiasm in an amiable and lighthearted way. as a viewer of edward quinn’s photographs, you find yourself at eye level with the protagonists.








 

new book: monaco motor racing
edited by wolfgang frei. english and german. 240 pages, 277 photosdelius klasing verlag, bielefeld 2022. isbn 978-3-667-1.the motor sport of the 1950s and 60s remains incomparable in its attractiveness. this is due in large measure to legendary drivers like ascari, berghe von trips, fangio, hill and moss on the one hand, and to the big brand names that were active in these decades on the other, including ferrari, maserati, lotus, mercedes, porsche and many others. monaco remains a highlight of the racing calendar to this day – an event that combines thrilling action, glamor and drama like no other.photographer edward quinn, who documented formula 1 racing, but also the monte carlo rally and other formula races from 1950 onwards, is an integral part of this fascinating world. thrilling skirmishes on the circuit, spectacular accidents and tragic retirements are balanced against hectic activity in the pits. however, quinn not only captured the racing action, but also the hustle and bustle of trackside life: drivers’ wives, mechanics, team bosses, celebrities, and spectators – as well as royal couple prince rainier and princess grace. reviews, corrigenda and comments






edward quinn meets...
the photographer’s notes from his encounters with various personalities. 



audrey hepburn

 




sophia loren

 




brigitte bardot

 




francis bacon

 




salvador dalí

 




grace kelly & prince rainier

 




aristotle onassis

 




georg baselitz

 




marlon brando

 




paparazzi

 




pin-ups

 




picasso

 








"picasso always welcomed the tall, slender irishman because for one, he never got in his way, and for two, he concentrated his shots and never took too many pictures... the result is a stunning book printed in switzerland “picasso at work.”
new york herald tribune, nov 1965.





exhibitions





july 12 - sep 22 2024
visiting picasso 
ausgewählte originalgraphiken von pablo picasso und fotos des künstlers von edward quinn.galerie im marstall, ahrensburg bei hamburg 




june 22 - sept 29 2024
stars by edward quinn
gallery artef via b. rusca 11locarno, switzerland 




sep 13 2023 - jan 7 2024
picasso íntimo y los años dorados de la costa azul. fotografías de edward quinn
intimate picasso and the golden years of the côte d'azur. photographs by edward quinncentro de historias, zaragoza, spain 




feb 24 - jun 30 2023
picasso y los años dorados de la costa azul
picasso and the golden years of the côte d'azur. 140 photos by edward quinn of picasso and the celebrities at the côte d'azur.centro cultural la malagueta, malaga, spain  




sep 15 - oct 1 2023
picasso. fotografien von edward quinn
at milchhütte gallery, zumikon, switzerland.parallel to this, a picasso studio for children. here, for example, the young artists deal with picasso's goat esmeralda and create artworks.  




april 16 – dec 31 december 2022
maya ruiz-picasso, daughter of pablo
40 photos of maya and picasso as part of this exhibition.musée nationale picasso-paris. 

show all






photos
starscelebritiesartsmiscellaneouspablo picassohighlightsextended search 

important links
privacy policyterms & conditionscredits / imprint monaco motor racing 

contact
edward quinn archive agoetwilerstrasse 298634 hombrechtikonswitzerlandarchive_at_edwardquinn.com 

connect


linkedin


vimeo








we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. by continuing to browse this website, you agree to their use. to find out more about our cookies, please read our privacy policy.


accept












