


buddy covers® manufactures high-grade spandex covers














 
 





buddy covers®


made in the u.s.a.


u. s. patents




              us 6,422,385 b1
            





              us 6,736,263 b1
            





              us 6,711,752 b2
            





              d 589,246 s
            





              d 628,256 s
            



patents pending




 










 


home page

order on-line

ski buddy® (alpine)

ski buddy® (cross country)

helmet buddy®

snowboard buddy®

boot cover by buddy covers®

m-4/m-16 cover by buddy covers®

kit cover by buddy covers®

scba cover by buddy covers®

blackout mask cover by buddy covers®

blackout mask cover with hole by buddy covers®

golf bag cover by buddy covers®

bat cover by buddy covers®

indiana university products

purdue university products

contact us

promotional brochures

press releases

links

privacy

faq

site map


canadian patents

2,367,706

2,286,777

2,301,496

125376

patents pending




 








 

everybody needs a buddy cover®

 

 

 




now available!
buddy covers®, inc. is pleased to announce our latest product, 
               the m-4/m-16 cover by buddy covers®, has been released.
            






 


firerescue magazine gear test
buddy covers'® blackout covers were recently tested and featured by firerescue magazine.
read the article


 


do not leave home without your protection 
buddy covers, inc. is proud to manufacture quality, innovative protective coverings for various sports equipment.  
		buddy covers® are patented, multifunctional, water repellent, cost efficient, lightweight, machine and hand washable, 
		safety promoting, form fitting, deluxe grade spandex protective socks for sports equipment. when not in use, each buddy 
		covers® product can be folded and/or rolled into a lightweight, compact, cylinder that can be easily transported or 
		stored.  all components of the buddy covers® line are made in america.  buddy covers, inc. is an indiana corporation.  
		indiana university and purdue university have licensed the buddy covers® line of products.  the university of notre 
		dame football team has used the helmet buddy® since 2003.  buddy covers inc. is proud to have the full enthusiastic 
		support and strongest recommendation of its products by the indiana economic development commission for use in 
		indiana and throughout the world.  its product line is cut, sewn, and monogrammed in indiana.  buddy covers® 
		products have been requested by soldiers serving in afghanistan and iraq.  as a result, we at buddy covers® have 
		been made aware by soldiers in the field that these products are needed, particularly as to deployments to iraq and 
		afghanistan.  these requests gave rise to buddy covers® being invited to the indiana national guard logistics 
		readiness seminars.
buddy covers® fulfils the need for cost savings, multifunctional, safety enhancing products that are morale 
		boosting, and just plain cool.  buddy covers® products make life more pleasant and safer for everyone but 
		particularly for the soldier.




view the buddy covers® cbs documentary.


real media | windows media



 



 



buddy covers, inc. is proud to manufacture quality, innovative protective 
			coverings for various sports items. when not in use, buddy covers ® products 
			can be rolled into a lightweight, compact, cylinder that fits easily into any pocket
			
 






ski buddy®alpine 
 

the ski buddy® (alpine) is a unique, patented form-fitting sock constructed of 
              washable, water repellent spandex fabric. it slides smoothly and easily 
              over any length skis and both cushions and protects them from damage. 



              ski buddy®cross country

 
the ski buddy® (cross country) is a form-fitting
				  sock constructed of washable spandex fabric that slides smoothly and easily  over
				  any cross country skis to cushion and protect them from damage. 


helmet
              buddy®
 
the helmet buddy® is a light elastic, washable product that protects your
            valuable helmet, especially while in transit. the helmet buddy® is an affordable stretch
						covering, which protects any  sized helmet. 


snowboard
              buddy®
 
the snowboard buddy® is a unique, patented form-fitting sock 
              constructed of washable, water repellent spandex fabric.  it slides 
              smoothly and easily over any length snowboard and both cushions and 
              protects it from damage. 


boot cover
              by buddy covers®
 
the boot cover by buddy covers®  keeps the inside of the boots dry and insect and
               dirt free.  since it is made of deluxe grade spandex, it breaths, it lets air in and keeps moisture out.  the boot cover can also be 
               used to store anything that needs to be kept dry and dirt free. 

 


 






 


companyinfo@buddycovers.com
      || 1-888-ski-budy (1-888-754-2839)
      


 










