








sarakay smullens





sarakay smullens





































☰ menu



books
articles
thoughts for the day
contact









burnout and self-care in social work: second edition
a guidebook for students and those in the mental health and related professions

in the new edition, sarakay introduces societal burnout as an essential component of burnout and illustrates its interaction with personal, professional, relational, and physical arenas of burnout. she also explores the impact of moral distress and dysfunctional leadership in families, work settings and society; addresses differences between depression and burnout from a psychosocial perspective; and shares vital information about our “inner-self” development. this innovative study can be beneficial to all seeking insight and balance in approaching their personal and professional responsibilities, as well as a reliable “emotional sense of direction” for themselves and their families.


buy here



 click here for sarakay’s other books and reviews. 
click here for interviews & reflections about this book.
click here for essential themes in edition 2 of burnout. 





latest articles



film review: a real pain exposes isolation and trauma through a two-for-the-road dramedy











image credit: 2024 searchlight pictures





read the full review on socialworker.com



by sarakay smullens, msw, lcsw, dcsw, cgp, cfle, bcd     a real pain is essential film for those in the social work and related professions to experience and to recommend, brilliantly written and directed by jesse eisenberg, and starring eisenberg and kieran culkin. with uncommon insight, a real pain gently addresses myriad examples of intergenerational trauma that run the gamut from a lack of self-respect to self-loathing, leading to an inability to connect with others and the devastation of failed relationships. it offers the opportunity to address questions we as social workers are asked again and again: why am i hated? why do “they” want to kill us?     social workers know that burying our pain, pushing it toward oblivion, is a major cause of failure in all aspects of life. a real pain reveals the cost of personal isolation and the importance of connection. we learn that even if the intensity of connection between two who love and trust may seem frightening and overwhelming, refusing to walk away leads to mutual compassion and broader insights and vision that uplift in remarkable ways. the film also affirms that, with unshakable hope, we can endure what is necessary, leading to inner strength.       through these messages, a real pain begs the question: why are we so afraid to face difficult emotions? for once we do, we can decide if, when, and how to share with others. when we decide to wisely share, the experience itself is the highlight. this process of deep, respectful listening, coupled with doing all possible to rid ourselves of bias, can lead to closeness and calm, allowing the give and take of problem solving. compromise then becomes an act of love, not submission.     billed as a two-for-the-road dramedy, your laughter will draw you closer to serious examination of the inner worlds and outer manifestations of two cousins, raised more as brothers, who have lost touch with each other. benji kaplan (culkin), is devoid of any semblance of boundary between his self and events in the real world. his breathtaking, passionate, emotionally crippling insights have put his direction at a standstill. david kaplan (eisenberg) is a devoted husband and father who cannot access emotion. he is tied to a nyc tech job that offers little satisfaction and suffers from an anxiety disorder and ocd.  






letter to the editor: power broker




i am pleased that the inquirer printed the following letter.










chip somodevilla/getty images





to the editor:don’t expect susie wiles, donald trump’s incoming chief of staff and the first woman to be given this responsibility, to have an easily visible seat on the inaugural platform monday — if she is there at all. extremely capable in her leadership skills, and with a longstanding history in politics, wiles on most days spends from 2 to 7 p.m. with the incoming president, offering extensive guidance in his presidential appointment selections as his means toward the end they both believe necessary: disruption of the status quo. wiles states trump has no responsibility whatsoever for the jan. 6, 2021, attack on the u.s. capitol and that there was fraud in several states that caused his 2020 electoral defeat. other than their mutual political beliefs and comfort with denial, there are strong reasons for the relationship between trump and wiles. after she rescued ron desantis’s florida campaign for governor, he and wiles had an ugly falling-out. this unanticipated upheaval, which followed a 2017 divorce, likely brought an intense blow to one already familiar with trauma: wiles’ father, the sports broadcaster pat summerall, was an alcoholic, causing inordinate pain to his family. following trump’s presidential defeat, and determined to return to power, wiles has never left his side. she is a strong, devoted, even-tempered presence in trump’s life. hers is the first and last voice he hears during his workday. despite his history of staff turnover, wiles has stated publicly that she intends to hold her position throughout trump’s presidency, where her control over access to the oval office will be enormous. will she succeed in her determination to navigate their mutual success? forget about elon musk, put your questions about trump’s confusing marriage to melania on the back burner. of all of trump’s complex relationships, the one with calm, cool, collected, and directed susie wiles is the one to watch.published in the philadelphia inquirer january 17, 2024 






letter to the editor: price of loyalty




i am pleased that the philadelphia inquirer published the following letter this morning, december 20th, 2024













to the editor:i wince every time i read that kamala harris is responsible for the enormous democratic defeat in november. in the most confusing of times, she ably carried the mantle and stressed that we have more in common than the issues that divide us. however, what was not faced by those managing her campaign was that for years the democratic party has been losing touch — taking for granted the millions of constituents it had relied upon.  the reasons for this are extremely complicated and will be closely analyzed. to me, leadership existed in a bubble of assurance that they were undoubtedly the best and the brightest and wanted no input from those of us in the trenches who tried mightily to communicate with them about the support they were losing. what unsettles me most is that harris is being largely castigated for not abandoning her loyalty and throwing president joe biden under the bus. in essence, she is being scapegoated when she should be deeply thanked for her example of character, her enormous effort, and her devotion to each of us and the rule of law. my dream is that before biden leaves office he will award harris the presidential medal of freedom. the ceremony would take place before jan. 20 and serve as a reminder that until that time, and although he doesn’t seem to realize it, donald trump is not our president.published in the philadelphia inquirer december  20, 2024









events

   sarakay has presented her findings and spoken regularly at many conferences and conducted many workshops through the years. she has also been invited to book clubs and private gatherings.  additionally, she has appeared on television and radio shows.


selected presentations include:

presentation for temple university osher lifelong learning institute
speaker: sswlhc 2021 
webinar: pa patient safety authority (papsa): “examination and addressing healthcare professional burnout, from burnout to resiliency”
webinar: american college of medical quality (acmq): “examination and addressing physician burnout, from burnout to resiliency”
webinar: hospital association of rhode island (hari): “from burnout to resiliency”
skmc faculty quality leadership (qips): “examination and addressing physician burnout”
skmc student physician leadership (pel): “avoiding burnout: reigniting the fire”
webinar connecticut hospital association: “from burnout to resiliency”
“beyond burnout: the creation of a fulfilling marriage between self-care and an emotional sense of direction,” the inaugural mary ann komaran symposium, royal alexandria hospital of alberta, canada
webinar: child hub for south east europe, “the journey from compassion fatigue to compassion satisfaction”
care gathering at the philadelphia county medical society (to highlight the   epidemic of suicides among physicians and medical students)
the national meeting of the national association of social workers
“from compassion fatigue to compassion satisfaction: a concentration on the development of a reliable emotional sense of direction,” tuttleman educational seminar, magee rehabilitation hospital
“beyond burnout, its prevalence and toll: the creation of a fulfilling relationship between self-care and an emotional sense of direction,” nasw-pa
“beyond burnout, its prevalence and toll: the creation of a fulfilling marriage between self-care and an emotional sense of direction,” 30th annual social work symposium, mayo clinic, rochester minnesota
“the overlooked “self” in self-care: alleviating and preventing burnout in group and therapist with common sense and individualized creativity,” agpa
“a committed and fulfilling marriage between self-care and an emotional sense of direction,” nasw-pa
“achieving an emotional sense of direction: a response to pervasive societal burnout,” nasw national conference
the william j. neff, sr. symposium: prevention of crimes against older adults: avoiding burnout of care givers
“safety and self-care.” nasw-pa philadelphia division at the university of pennsylvania school of social policy and practice
 webinar: “facing the demons head-on: the impact of burnout” nasw
suicide and depression in the medical profession, pennsylvania medical society
numerous discussions on the film, the tale, with jennifer fox
webinar for students at california’s brandman university:  focus individual, professional, and societal burnout
the athenaeum
jewish family and children’s service
goucher college book fair
jewish family and children’s service viewing of the tale:  with jennifer fox
american group psychotherapy association presentation: with jennifer fox
rhode island hospital association, with stanton smullens
american council of graduate medical education, with stanton smullens
pennsylvania patient authority, with stanton smullens
jefferson medical school students, with stanton smullens 
jefferson hospital departmental quality improvement directors, with stanton smullens
sp2 celebrates inaugural inductees at alumni hall of fame ceremony
nasw 2018 conference:  intensive:  from compassion fatigue to compassion satisfaction:  the road to an emotional sense of direction

panel discussion with jennifer fox, writer and director of the tale
"the meaning of friendship" at penn’s village
an introduction to the livewell program: a peer-led, guided self-care wellness program for depression
the national meeting of the national association of social workers
the university of pennsylvania school of social work (now the school of social policy and practice)
the american group psychotherapy association
care gathering at the philadelphia county medical society (which highlighted the suicides of physicians and medical students)
the william j. neff, sr. symposium: prevention of crimes against older adults
pennsylvania chapter of the national association of social workers 
various book clubs, organizations, and living rooms discussions
child hub for south east europe, the journey from compassion fatigue to compassion satisfaction: addr essing burnout with an emphasis on the self in self-care
the american group psychotherapy association annual meeting
mayo clinic, full-day symposium on burn out and self-care
americorps alums: philadelphia chapter
royal alexandra hospital system, edmonton, alberta, canada
magee hospital
dr. guy freed educational seminar:  tuttleman family foundation, magee hospital
discussion group:  the positive agers:  for those over age 50
various book clubs and discussion groups


 <!--          <div class="event">
            1.28.2016

speaking at scarlett alley: “burnout and self-care for moms and dads — how not to fall through the cracks”
how not to fall through the cracks”

                for information, those interested can call the national headquarters of nasw @ 202-408-8600
              

 --!>




sarakay smullens
social worker, life activist, educator, psychotherapist



sarakay smullens, lcsw, acsw, bcd, dcsw, cgp, cfle, whose private and pro bono clinical social work practice is in philadelphia, is a certified group psychotherapist and family life educator. in addition to her clinical emphasis, a long-standing professional priority has been to bring social work awareness and psychological insights to the public at large, and through this process join those devoted to addressing and alleviating divisiveness and rage in families, work settings, and society through education, advocacy, and activism.
sarakay's activist roots began in her hometown, baltimore, where as a child she witnessed the evils and degradation of the jim crow laws.  while in undergraduate school at goucher college, then a women’s college located in baltimore, she successfully led a two-year campus coalition to end segregation in towson, maryland, the baltimore suburb where goucher college is located. a graduation award for this initiative led to an introduction to john f. kennedy at the democratic convention in 1960, and subsequent employment at the democratic national committee, where she became a regional coordinator for young democrats. it was president kennedy who recommended social work to her as a profession.  

in graduate school at catholic university’s national catholic school of social service in washington, dc when president kennedy was assassinated, she transferred to the university of pennsylvania to complete her degree, where her scholarship and stipend were continued.  the enormous impact of this year at penn is documented in her fourth book, a second edition of burnout and self-care in social work:  a guide for students and those in mental health and related professions, work (publication date, october, 2021, nasw press).  the edition adds the dangers of societal burnout to the concentration on the personal, professional, relational, physical, and societal arenas in our lives where burnout is found — and the causes, warning signs, and  evidence based self-care approaches to alleviate their danger and toll,  the second edition also offers a fuller explanation of  the differences between burnout and depression; and the impact of dysfunctional leadership in every facet of our lives, and democracy as a whole.
when lynne abraham became philadelphia’s first woman district attorney, she offered sarakay an extraordinary pro bono opportunity: with the input of psychiatric consultation, she  worked with staff to carefully select first offenders in domestic violence cases where there were no fatalities.  in lieu of incarceration individuals and their families were offered  intensive group psychotherapy, augmented by individual, couple, and family therapy and family life education.   her pro bono practice continues.
a best selling author. sarakay’s articles and commentaries have appeared in peer-reviewed journals, newspapers, magazines, and blogs. her articles about domestic abuse contributed to the reform of brutal, archaic pennsylvania divorce laws. her investigation of invisible patterns of emotional abuse, always part of physical and sexual violence, led to their independent codification. it also led to the founding of the sabbath of domestic peace, an initiative focused on the involvement of philadelphia clergy, identified as “a missing link,” in addressing the epidemic of domestic abuse and violence.
sarakay’s professional papers and memorabilia are divided between the archives of the university of pennsylvania, goucher college, and the john f. kennedy presidential library. a recipient of numerous awards, in 2019 sarakay was one of five graduates of the university of pennsylvania school of social policy and practice inducted into its inaugural hall of fame.


 
 
  
 




awards and honors


society for social work leadership’s 2021 kermit b. nash award
lifetime achievement award from the pennsylvania chapter of nasw
nasw media awardbest magazine article
woman leader of distinction award the eastern region women's ministry pennsylvania baptist state convention
honored author, diamond jubilee
                borrowers ball
                the free library of phildelphia
            
louise waterman wise award
american jewish congress,
                pennsylvania region

peace medal, women’s international
                league for peace and freedom
                maryland chapter

nasw media award
                "what i  wish i had known:  burnout and self-care in our social work profession."
                the new social worker



  
 




professional credentials and memberships


academy of certified social workers
authors guild
fellow, pennsylvania society for clinical social work
national association of social workers (nasw)
pennsylvania chapter, nasw
national council on family relations (certified family life educator)
american group psychotherapy association (agpa), certified group psychotherapist
pennsylvania chapter, (agpa)








 


 



      site design by tag strategies
©  sarakay smullens










