













riverside theatre - iowa city, iowa iowa city's only professional theatre
































































skip to content


				main navigation			







shows & tickets!

native gardens
the lifespan of a fact
season 2024-2025
riverside shakespeare festival
special events


plan your visit

directions & parking
riverside theatre | 119 e college st.


about us

mission & history
contact
rent riverside theatre
strategic plan
production history
board of directors
our staff
in the news


support us

donate
find your chair
shop riverside merchandise
sponsorship opportunities
next stage capital campaign


get involved

volunteer
work with us


education

riverside playmaker project
improv
post-show talkbacks
will power
in conversation series
backstage pass


 



tbc























happening soon






your support makes a difference




did you know?

your donation to us is tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
the support of our individual donors is critical. our donors are our collaborators and partners — the resources you contribute help us to keep on producing relevant and engaging theatre experiences.
less than half of riverside theatre’s expenses are covered by ticket sales.

riverside theatre could not continue to produce professional theatre in iowa city without the support of individual donations from patrons like you! every single gift has a major impact on the work we do.



donate todayabout riverside theatre




riverside theatre is a professional theatre that connects artists and audiences through intimate, engaging, and provocative productions from the classics to new works, and provides an artistic home for regional theatre professionals.
riverside theatre was founded by ron clark, jody hovland and bruce wheaton in 1981 and is now in its 42nd season.
from september through april we produce a full season of work at our downtown pedmall location. in june and july, we produce a summer season centered around the classics.
we are affiliated with actors’ equity association, the union of professional actors and stage managers in the united states, employing actors and designers from all over the country and provide housing, salary, and transportation to visiting actors and directors during their employment at riverside.
as a non-profit, 501 (c)(3) organization, we’re largely supported by contributors—50% of our income comes from contributions and sponsorships. we employ a year-round staff of seven, and within each season we employ over 100 artists. riverside theatre is governed by a volunteer board of directors.





stay connected with riverside- join our mailing list!


sign up for emails




















		support riverside

riverside theatre could not continue to produce professional theatre in iowa city without the support of individual donations from patrons like you! every single gift has a major impact on the work we do.
donate today


		contact us

box office
boxoffice@riversidetheatre.org119 e college st, iowa city, ia 
319-259-7099

hours:tuesdays, thursdays and fridays; 11:00 am - 3:00 pm


administrative office
319-887-1360
administrative mailing address
119 e college st. 
iowa city, ia 52240 

about riversideabout us
board of directors
email sign-up
box office hours
staff
volunteer










© 2025 riverside theatre   website by little village creative services




























