



scoutdocs: resources for scouting in canada













scoutdocs
resources for scouting in canada
by scouter liam morland

2024-04-27
scouting museums in canada
explore the history of scouting
canada has several museums focused on scouting and guiding
2023-10-17
covid is still here; scouting should be outdoors
covid hospitalizations are higher now than during most of the pandemic. scouting should do what we do best: meet outside.
2020-08-02
responding in scouting to tragedy
speaking with young people about tragic world events

2020-06-27
online scouting: how to make it work
covid-19 lockdowns may mean scouting needs to continue online

2020-06-14
scouts canada's finances
year ending august 31, 2019
here is a summary of scouts canada's finances for the year ending august 31, 2019. these are based on the scouts canada national operation summary financial statements, 2019. to create this summary, items which have both revenue and expense, such as fundraising, are shown only as their net amount. the bottom line is that scouts canada lost almost $3.5 million during the year, mostly due to employee future benefits. their expenses are overwhelmingly related to staff and administration.
2020-04-24
the cost of a scouting trip to europe
what does it cost to take a scouting troop to europe?
i took my troop to england in 2018 for 15 nights. here is what we spent.
2020-02-02
scouts canada's governance
how the board of governors is chosen

2009-09-05
moon phase calendar
what will the phase of the moon be for your next scout camp?
what will the phase of the moon be for your next scout camp?
perhaps you want a bright moon to make flashlight-free walking easy. or
maybe you need it dark for stargazing. whatever you want, this calendar
will help you find the ideal date for your camp. lunar eclipses are also
shown.
2009-05-09
flags of canada and the provinces
high-quality flag images for use in badge work
enough with tiny cut-outs or old photocopies. in preparation for
next time your scouts are working on citizenship, take these files to a
copy centre and get them laser-printed in colour onto card stock. it
will cost only a few dollars and your scouts will be able to clearly see
the details of each flag.
2009-04-04
how to make a scout necker
and how to get the size right
since the founding of the scout movement a century ago, scouts
have worn rolled triangular neckers. each troop has their own colours.
it is important that neckers look smart so that scouts will feel pride
in belonging to their troop and the scout movement.
2009-03-29
questions for interviewing new adult volunteers
making interviews an effective part of volunteer screening
the interview is an important part of the volunteer screening
process. good questions are the key to a successful interview. the
questions below are a starting point for generating conversation with
the interviewee. interviewers will learn far more from an open-ended
conversation then a simple question-and-answer session.
2007-10-29
klondike derby events
events for a klondike derby
during a klondike derby, scout patrols visit stations (sometimes
called "towns") along the route and compete in the various events
(sometimes supervised by the "town mayor"). it adds to the derby to give
a klondike flavour to each event. scouters are each event could be in
costume and tell scene-setting stories as patrols arrive.
2007-10-03
keeping our kids safe: duties of adult volunteers
a one-page summary of a volunteer's duty of care
in its "screening level chart" for adult volunteers, scouts
canada lists "duty of care review" as part of the screening process for
all volunteers and parents in attendance at activities (bp&p, section
3001.2). nowhere is it explained what this actually means.
2007-06-17
cj'07 sunrise ceremony soundscape
canadian scout jamboree 2007 centennial sunrise ceremony
scouts canada held a centennial sunrise ceremony on august 1,
2007 at tamaracouta scout reserve, quebec, canada as part of the
canadian scout jamboree 2007 (cj'07). the audio files below were played
during the ceremony.
2007-06-17
one world, one promise
a song to celebrate scouting's centenary

2007-01-22
presenting volunteer recognition in scouting
how to make honours and awards more effective
effective volunteer recognition is an essential part of a
successful volunteer organization. it is one important way that
associations show veneration for the efforts of their volunteers.
volunteers who feel truly valued and who feel that their efforts are
having a positive impact on the world will be encouraged to continue to
give their time and effort. as well, public recognition holds up role
models for all to see, encouraging others to follow the lead of those
being recognized. the effectiveness of an award is impacted greatly by
how it is presented to the recipient.
2006-11-19
kennabi paddling song
the anthem of the lilly-dippers

2005-03-30
councils and areas of scouts canada
a complete list of scouts canada's councils and areas

2005-02-21
navigating for scouts
a self-teaching guide to navigation with map and compass
the ability to navigate with a map and compass gives one the
freedom to venture outside of our urban surroundings and is a satisfying
skill to master. it also allows one to take part in activities such as
orienteering and geocaching. this guide gives an introduction to using
maps and compasses.
2004-10-12
how to teach semaphore
scouts enjoy learning this visual communication method
the first step in teaching semaphore is to make some flags! make
enough that there are two flags for every two kids (or one each, which
ever is easiest). make the flags so that the handles are at least 12"
longer than the width of the flag. the reason for this is so they will
learn to make the handle an extension of their forearm, and not hold it
by a short handle that can allow the wrist to turn and cause the flag to
be pointing in any direction.
2004-10-02
wfis world conference 2004
report on the world federation of independent scouts meeting in bc
in 1996, some of the non-wosm scouting associations met in
laubach, germany where they agreed to federate as the world federation
of independent scouts (wfis). six years later in 2002, they held their
first world jamboree in denmark. there was a contingent in bc that was
anxious to attend, decided not to because many members were from cattle
producing areas, and mad cow and hoof and mouth diseases in europe were
in the news at the time. it was shame because it was a real deal
financially. the registration fees for the entire jamboree, including
food and firewood, was 800 danish krona (about ca$125).
2004-09-29
professionalized scouting? that's a laff
canned programs are no substitute for scouting
i received an email from greater toronto council advertising
their laff weekends. the laff program is a series of canned weekend camp
programs offered at woodland trails scout camp north of toronto. here's
the email and my response to it.
2004-08-03
save your scout camp
what to do before scouts canada tries to sell your local scout camp
scouts canada has started a process to sell many of the scout
camps in ontario, a legacy that has taken over 95 years to accumulate.
in the middle of the summer holiday they have announced that
approximately 40% of scouting's real property assets are on the block. a
short appeal period has been foisted on the unsuspecting. a national
firm has been retained and will receive a handsome commission to flog
this property. if there is an actual need to sell there are local firms
available and a significant number with scouting members who would take
a special interest in obtaining the best price and charging the lowest
commissions.
2004-05-25
democracy: the right to complain
scouts canada's chief commissioner offers his understanding of democracy
the end portion of the scouting in canada update session at the
scouts canada conference 2004 was a question-and-answer session with
members of scouts canada's national leadership. among the questions
where questions about how scouts canada is governed.
2004-05-17
scouts canada conference 2004
april 17, 2004, mississauga, ontario
scouts canada, central division held a conference april 17,
2004. in attendance were 430 adult participants, 100 participant in the
youth program, and presenters. here are reports from the
conference.
2004-05-17
ontario properties and camps
the message is sell, sell, sell
the final session of the conference was titled "properties and
camps". barry hardaker introduced the session by describing the role of
ontario council in property ownership. ontario council will formally
cease operations at the end of august 2004. however, the "incorporated
body" will continue to exist for the purpose of holding property in
trust. barry introduced stu eley who gave a presentation about
properties. stu is a director of the incorporated body. other directors
are ian galbraith, brian anderson, john edwards, kim derry and brian
moore. the presentation filled the time allowed, leaving no time for
questions.
2004-05-17
keynote: kenya street scouts
international commissioner tyler arrell spoke about the kenya street scouts
at the 2004 scouts canada, central division conference, the
keynote speaker was tyler arrell, scouts canada's international
commissioner. scouter tyler began by speaking about international child
poverty. many young people around the world do not have access to basic
needs or the education that will allow them to contribute to society
when they are older. aids has created thousands of orphans, many of whom
now live in the streets.
2004-05-17
program updates
julian celms provided an update on the work of scouts canada's program department
julian celms, a staff member at the national office, gave a
presentation about what the program department has been up to. scouts
canada is cooperating with a canadian space agency's star count program.
the csa is asking young people to perform a star counting experiment and
compare the results with a similar count done by a canadian astronaut.
the csa and scouts canada have worked to create links with cub and scout
space related badges.
2004-05-17
scouting in canada update
an update from scouts canada's national leadership
the update session occurred twice and consisted of some
introductory remarks followed by a question and answer period. panelist
were jeff smith, deputy chief commissioner for program services; kim
derry, deputy chief commissioner for central canada; mike scott, chief
commissioner; and rob stewart, executive commissioner and ceo. the
sessions were moderated by barry hardaker, national field
executive.
2004-05-17
celebrate wj’55
2005 will be the fiftieth anniversary of the eighth world scout jamboree
in 1955, the eighth world scout jamboree was held in
niagara-on-the-lake, ontario. this was the first major international
gathering of scouts outside of europe. over 11,000 scouts attended from
71 countries around the world. the jamboree of new horizons, as it was
called, was held in a tent city next to the recently reconstructed fort
george national historic site. today, nothing marks the spot of this
historic event.
2004-04-28
managing our scout camps
how to ensure camps are an asset, not a burden
at the scouts canada central division conference on april 17,
2004, scouters who attended the "properties and camps" session were
asked to provide input into the process for reviewing ontario's scout
camps.
2004-04-15
what’s really making you feel bad?
at story about keeping warm at winter camp
it was a fairly good camp, considering that we were out in early
february in tents. twenty-eight scouts aged 11-15 and with four scouters
went tent-camping in southwestern ontario. friday night had been a
little hectic setting up the tents in the dark, but everyone settled
down eventually and the camp gradually drew quiet.
2004-03-30
boards of review for scout rank advancement
scouters interview scouts to ensure they have earned their next rank
a board of review is a meeting between a scout and scouters held
after a scout has finished all the requirements for their next rank. if
the scout passes the board, they will be advanced.
2004-01-27
group finance policy
policies to help ensure proper stewardship of a scout group’s financial resources
scouting is an intrinsically inexpensive activity. scouters must
be able to spend their efforts making great scout programs, not
fundraising and worrying about money. this set of finance policies is
intended to ensure that a scout group's financial resources are used
responsibly. customize them to the needs of your group.
2004-01-27
youth input? no way!
what is the role of youth members in program planning?
many years ago on my first wood badge i course, i was told all
about the importance of youth input to program planning. we were taught
some techniques for doing this and i returned to my troop eager to try
them out.
2003-12-11
on preparedness
every once in a while, something happens that re-affirms your faith in what you believe in
i have three children, lorelei (17), wesley (20), and dustin
(23). they were all active beavers, cubs, scouts, and ventures. as
scouters, we have all hounded our scouts to be prepared, work as a team,
think for themselves. we give countless hours, but most of the time we
see only glimmers of success for our efforts. sometimes we see
more.
2002-11-05
membership retention
what we can do about membership decline
membership decline has been a problem for scouts canada for over
three decades, but what can we do about it? i visited many scout troops
to find out. i found that amid membership decline are many successful
troops with healthy and growing membership. this essay examines what
makes these troops successful so that we can follow their lead. topics
include the role of badges, outdoor activities, giving responsibility to
the scouts, and the scout uniform. this essay was written as part of
fulfilling my degree requirements at the university of
waterloo.
2002-09
a proposal for a democratic scouts canada
we can all participate in a mail ballot election

2002-07
over the alps on the lötschepass
a journal entry from kandersteg international scout centre, switzerland
next to international friendship, the biggest draw of kandersteg
international scout centre is the mountains. the scout centre is located
1185 metres about sea level and in surrounded on all sides by the the
swiss alps. the highest peak in the area is balmhorn at 3698 m. balmhorn
is snow-capped year round.
2002-06
group committee role descriptions
defining the responsibilities of group committee members
a group committee is responsible for the operation of all
sections of a scout group. below are descriptions of the various
positions on the group committee. people are far more likely to
volunteer for a well-defined commitment. customize these to meet the
local needs of your group.
2002-05
upside-down scouting
scouts canada’s restructuring focuses on making the membership accountable to the national board, rather than on meeting the needs of the scouts
scouts canada has recently embarked on a major restructuring
process.
2002-02
klondike, ho!
resources for running a klondike derby, including a new sled design
klondike derby is a winter competition event for scouts during
which patrols will pull their klondike sleds along a course in the
woods. along the way, they will be tested on scouting skills at various
stations. a derby is usually a day-long event involving a route of 7-8
km and about 20 stations. the event finishes with a formal banquet and
the awarding of trophies. klondike derbies provide an opportunity for
scouts to apply their scouting skills in a fun competition. the event
can be made to come alive with the use of the lore of the 1897 klondike
gold rush in the yukon.
2002-02
klondike derby kit lists
what you need to be prepared for a klondike derby

2002-02
klondike derby sled plans
a new design for a strong, light, and inexpensive klondike sled
dissatisfied with previous designs for klondike sleds, we set
out to make a new design. we wanted a sled that was strong, light,
inexpensive, and something that the scouts could build themselves. the
distinguishing feature of this design is that it is held together with
rope lashings rather than with metal screws. in this way, the design is
not really new. the inuit have used flexible sleds for much longer than
scouts have been around.
2002-02
klondike derby mushing
working as a team to drive your klondike sled
driving a klondike sled is called mushing and requires the
scouts to work together as a coordinated team. this is one of the
reasons why a derby is such a good scouting activity.
2002-02
scout patrol emblems
nineteen canadian animals and their symbolic meanings
scout troops are made up of groups of six to eight scouts called
a patrol. every patrol chooses an animal to be its emblem. a patrol
animal is not just a handy way of identifying a patrol. the scouts
should take pride in their animal and strive to imitate its positive
characteristics.
2002-02
scout patrol flags
patrol flags are fun to make and help identify a patrol
scouts may wish to make a flag for their patrol. deciding on a
design is a good teamwork activity, as scouts will have different ideas
which can be put together to create a single design. when the flag is
done, it helps the patrol to feel like a team.  a patrol flag is
normally carried on a staff by the patrol leader. a flag can help the
patrol to get organized. scouts can easily find their pl in a group by
looking for a flag held in the air. the flag staff can be put in the
ground to mark where a patrol should pile their kit when leaving for
camp.
2002-02
preparing for a klondike derby
organizing and participating in a successful event

2002-01
patrol camp kit list
what a patrol needs for a weekend camp
this is a camp gear suggestion list for a patrol at weekend
camp. the gear is packed in a large red nylon duffel bag. most of this
gear can be purchased from mountain
equipment co-op (mec).
2001-09-19
a rover ramble to the birthplace of scouting
a journal entry from kandersteg international scout centre, switzerland
i am sitting in the staff room of the kandersteg international scout centre
95 km south of bern, switzerland. a train is just going by on the
track outside, having just emerged from the lã¶tschberg tunnel, a
15 km train tunnel which houses the main line between germany and
italy. the tunnel was built between 1906 and 1912. in 1908, a chalet was
built to house the workers and their families. the chalet was abandoned
after the tunnel was complete. in 1923, walther von bronstetten, chief
scout of switzerland, suggested to baden-powell that the chalet would
make a great international home from scouts. impressed by the
international friendship shown at the recent world jamboree, b-p had
been looking for a place where scouts from all other the world could
gather on a permanent basis. thus, kandersteg international scout centre
was founded.
2001-05
the hunt for captain rasputin’s treasure
a treasure hunt program for scouts
many years ago, a band of pirates under captain vladimir
rasputin set sail to plunder on the seven seas. eventually, they spied a
spanish merchant ship. they raised their jolly roger and prepared to
fight. after the battle, the pirates sank the merchant ship and made off
with a great treasure. but captain rasputin had been injured in the
battle. they sailed to their hideout near berlin, ontario where captain
rasputin died. in accordance with the captain's wishes, he was buried
near their hideout, the treasure along side of him.
2001-01
tips for running scouts’ owns
six keys to more effective spiritual programs
a scouts' own is an important but often misunderstood part of a
scouting program. this article will briefly provide a few hints to help
in the planning of scouts' owns which are useful and representative of
the needs of the young people.
2000-10
personal camp kit list
what a scout needs for a weekend camp
below is a personal camp gear suggestion list. this is an all-season list. you need to think about the weather and type of activity when choosing what to bring. talk to your patrol leader or scouter if you are unsure about what you need. you are responsible for making sure that you have everything you need and that it is properly packed. your parents must not put things into your backpack for you. you need to know where things are packed so that you can find them quickly.
2000-09
the b-p kit
this first aid/emergency kit helps scouts to be prepared
when in the outdoors, every scout must be prepared for both
ordinary camp activities like lighting a fire or cutting rope, as well
as emergencies like getting lost or severe bleeding. the items below
form a good kit to help a scout to be prepared. these items should be
packed away in a container that is easy to carry around, such as a waist
pack. carry this kit with you always when in the outdoors. it could be
useful anytime.
2000-06-12
the chase of the trapped keener
a clever method for scouter recruitment
here's a clever method for scouter recruitment. it works like a
charm, particularly in the beaver and cub sections. i call it the chase
of the trapped keener.
2000-06
many messages in the stars
a story about the 91st toronto scout troop
the 91st toronto scout troop went on an overnight hike one fine
spring weekend. that night, the scouts ate a fine meal of pita pizza
pockets cooked in the fire. after supper, they had a spirited game of
capture the glow stick, followed by a camp fire, hot chocolate, and
toasted marshmallows. by 23:30, the scouts (and scouters) were exhausted
and climbed into their tents.
2000-02-26
extreme adventure: extremely easy
all fun and no learning is not scouting
in the past couple of years, scouts canada has started offering
two new programs, scoutsabout (ages 5-10) and extreme adventure (ages
14-17). the new programs are intended to help "scouts canada reposition
itself and expand its products" (scouts canada 1999:17). the programs
are intended to "increase membership and involvement in scouting". they
are not "intended to compete with existing core scouting programs, which
will continue."
2000-02
emergency phone numbers card
an important item for your bp kit
this document is a pdf file which will print emergency phone
number cards for your bp kit. the cards are
oriented towards ontario, though most of the phone numbers function in
all of canada. the file prints ten per page, doubled sided onto standard
do-it-yourself business card stock.
2000, revised 2014-04-06
flag break and flag down
a ceremony to start and end the day
the flag break ceremony is usually conducted at the opening of a
scouting meeting, camp, or other event as well as every morning at camp.
flag down is done at the closing of these events and every evening
at camp. packs and colonies have their own ceremonies and do not generally break the flag.
2000
the rover adviser’s vigil
questions to help the rover adviser squire prepare for their responsibilities
before knighthood, the rover squire will undertake the vigil.
this is a time for them to quietly think out what is going on in their
lives. likewise, the adviser squire must prepare themself for the
responsibilities they are about to undertake.
2000
can the rover scout vigil change the community which values it?
an analysis of the rover vigil as ritual
at the turn of the twentieth century, lord robert baden-powell
of gilwell saw a need to create a youth organization in which the youth
could grow up to be a productive, responsible citizens within their
communities. he created the scout movement, which has spread all over
the globe. certainly canada is no exception. through the aid of a
resource, rovering to success (baden-powell 1922), rover scout
communities have developed all over this country. the rover scout
movement is based not only on baden-powell's proposed knighthood theme,
although it is the most common. by employing the methodologies of arnold
van gennep and victor turner, it is the intent of this paper to explore
a certain ritual in the rover scout community, the "vigil," and to
assess its potential to promote change within the rover scout community
which values it.
2000
scouting glossary
common words and phases used in scouting in canada

2000
what is a scouts' own?
a scouts' own is an important part of the spiritual life of any scout section
a scouts' own is an important and often misunderstood part of a
scout program. most of the scouts' owns that i have seen are essentially
distilled church services which do little for the spiritual life of
those present, particularly those who do not regularly attend religious
services. this essay is intended to help scouts and scouters run
effective scouts' owns by providing a definition of scouts' own, some
things that follow from the definition, and examples of how this can be
put into practice. while i will use scouts section terminology for this
essay, beavers' owns, cubs' owns, venturers' owns, rovers' owns, and
scouters' owns are important parts of their respective
sections.
2000
what is scouting?
scouting is fun with a purpose, directed towards helping boys and girls become happy, healthy, useful citizens

1999-09
structured play is not scouting
scouts canada’s new program potentially to be operated by paid leaders
recently, scouts canada has been quietly taking some initial
steps down a new path. those of us who read the scouts canada web site
in detail ran across the mention of a project to develop a "play with a
purpose" program in minutes of the may 1999 national meeting. i spoke on
the phone with ian mitchell of the national office who provided me with
some details about the structured play program, now a pilot project in
toronto. this new program is in a new direction is two major ways.
first, the program does not use the scout method and therefore is not a
scouting program. second, there is the potential for the program to be
delivered by paid leaders, rather than by volunteers. this essay, which
is based on my august 1999 conversation with ian mitchell, will describe
the program and offer some commentary.
1998-12
the scout method and camp opemikon
how the scout method is put to use at a residential summer camp

1998-11
a brief explanation of co-ed scouting
how and why scouts canada opened its doors to everyone
this article was published on november 4, 1998 as a letter in
the ottawa citizen and on november 28, 1998 as a guest column in
the kitchener-waterloo record.
1998-03
a winter camp story
it all starts with an official storm warning
i was standing in the ranger's cabin at camp manitou near
burlington, ontario checking in for a weekend camp with the scouts. the
weather radio enunciated, "environment canada has upgraded the storm
watch to a storm warning." looking out the window, i couldn't blame
them. already several centimetres of snow had fallen and more was coming
down fast, the snow sparkling as it passed under the lights outside the
cabin.
1998
scout investiture ceremony
making a meaningful start to scouting
the investiture ceremony is the time when a scout, by means of
the words of the scout promise, publicly announces their commitment to
the scout law. at the ceremony, the scout makes the promise to the
scouts and scouters of their troop and to all the scouts of the world.
it is once the candidate has made the promise that they is a
scout.
1998
starting a rover crew
tips from an old scout on how to get started with rovering
rovers is a program for adults aged 18-26 designed to emphasize
the enjoyment of the outdoors, service projects, and personal
development. rover are organized in small groups called rover crews.
this document will assist you in starting your own rover crew.
1997-11
the scouter-in-training award
a proposal for an addition to the venturer program
the current venturer program lacks a means for recognizing
venturers who have displayed outstanding leadership in the younger
sections of scouting. to remedy this, i propose the addition of a new
award that will be "fourth route" to the queen's venturer award. this
new award will be granted to venturers who are involved in the
leadership of the junior sections (beavers, cubs, scouts).
1996-04
a spring camp story
a little rain, a little sun, and lots of the scouting spirit
i was filled with excitement as we left ottawa for camp camfield
in quebec. it was a sunny friday evening. with six scouts in my van (the
liammobile, as the scouts call it) and more in another scouter's care,
we drive north to camp.
1996
when to wear which necker
how choose which necker to wear
many scouters have several neckers and sets of shoulder tabs and
are confused about when to wear which. here i will present a simple set
of guidelines which make logical sense. the basic principle is that you
wear the shoulder tab and necker combination of whatever section you are
representing at the time.
1996
wolf cub jungle grand howl opening and closing ceremony
bring the jungle to your pack

1996
what does scouting mean by duty to god?
scouting embraces diverse spiritual expression, theistic or not
one of scouting's three principles is titled "duty to god." this
statement has been interpreted in many different ways, some of which
have lead to religious discrimination, a violation of scouting's
fundamentals. what does duty to god really mean to scouting? duty to god
is about the development of the spiritual values of life and is not a
statement about any required beliefs about the material world.  this
essay is based on the world organization of the scout movement's (wosm)
document fundamental
principles which contains "the only authoritative statement
agreed upon by more than one hundred member organizations of wosm" (wosm
1992:1). all quotations in this essay are from that document.
1996
the ten quests of rovering
bp’s challenges for rovers
rovering is the carrying out of scouting into every department
of a person's life. it aims at creating nobler citizenship by
introducing the scout promise and law into daily life.
1996
sample rover round table bylaws
most rover round tables formalize their organization in writing
here are sample bylaws for a rover round table.
these are based on the bylaws of the national capital region
rover round table from when i was a member. these could be adapted for
use by a venturer square table as well as rover round tables.
1996
the rover vigil
the rover squire will quietly think out what is going on in their lives
the rover squire, with the aid of the questions drawn up by lord
baden powell, will quietly think out what is going on in their
lives.
1996
scoutmaster investiture ceremony
recognizing a new scouter at the front of the horseshoe
in this ceremony, a new scoutmaster takes the place of the old.
the two are referred to as scouter new and scouter old in this
description. the officiate is usually a senior member of the group or a
commissioner, but any member of scouting can be the officiate.
adaptations of this ceremony can be used to install people into other
positions within scouting. this ceremony best takes place at an opening
of a meeting or camp.
1996
the uniform iou
loan uniforms to those who cannot afford them
the scout uniform is too expensive for many people. in order to
ensure that no one is deprived of scouting due to financial
considerations, the uniform iou was developed. a scout and their
parent/guardian will sign the form and be lent a scout shirt until the
scout outgrows it or leaves scouting. scouts are encouraged to buy their
own sash and, if this is not affordable, the group will buy it for them.
this is done because a sash is a personal record of achievement and
should not have to be returned. here is a sample uniform iou.
1996
a sample venturer bylaw
some venturer companies formalize their organization in writing
here is a sample bylaw for a venturer company. this was the one
used by the 32nd ottawa venturers when i was a member.
1995
appropriate caring and touching of children
ensuring everyone is and feels safe

1995
how to take the minutes of a meeting
minutes are a record of what happened, what was decided, and what actions will be taken
the minutes of a meeting are a record of what happened, what was
decided, and what actions will be taken as a result of the
meeting.
1994
a sample rover crew bylaw
most rover crews formalize their organization in writing
here is a sample bylaw for a rover crew. this was the one used
by the 32nd ottawa rovers when i was a member.
1992
fundamental principles
the basic ideas underlying the scout movement





scout camps in canada directory — interactive map and searchable directory of scout campsites in canada
membership retention — what we can do about membership decline
klondike ho! — resources for running a klondike derby, including a new sled design
scoutdocs documents

what is scouting?
	issues in canadian scouting
	ceremonies
	stories
	spirituality
	being prepared
	and more



scouting waterloo region: serving cambridge, kitchener, and waterloo, ontario, canada; traditional scouting
21st waterloo scouting — scouts canada: beavers, wolf cubs, scouts, venturers; waterloo, ontario
help make scouts canada democratic: join scout eh!
end the scouts canada child abuse cover-up
8th waterloo scouting pack, ontario, canada
20th cambridge scouting troop, ontario, canada


comments? 
please email

scoutdocs 
a project of scouter liam morland



