casino & buffet in san diego county | valley view casino & hotel       
skip to content



valley view casino & hotel 
menu 
 
menu casinoslotstable gamesreveal rouletterecent winnersnon-smoking casinocasino hostsgift cardswin/loss statements & tax formsthe clubplayers clubnew member offerpromotionspromotions calendarmoreplay® maniadave’s weekend windfallthe winning weekendcandy kingdom mystery envelopethe three c’s giveawayfast $15 saturdaycash is kingwear it wednesdaysgift of the monthmidweek moreplay®pick three thursdaysthirsty thursdaysvip loyalty giftsvip monthly giftquik $10guest service kiosksdiningthe cafépatties & pintsblack&bluethe buffetcorner marketsnaxstixsweetshoteldeluxe roomsluxury suitesentertainmententertainment calendarvisit usdriving directions
premier casino & hotel – a san diego favoritea welcome message from our general manager click to read now >all guests 21 and over are welcome to enjoy our casino, non-smoking casino, restaurants and hotel.the fun is limitless when you join the most rewarding players clubwhen you join san diego’s most generous club, you will receive over $200 in free instant offers to enjoy at valley view casino & hotel. plus, receive 2 complimentary maine lobster buffets when you upgrade to our blue card level. signing up to become a member of the players club is always quick, easy and free. visit valley view casino & hotel and sign up today!learn moreexperience the thrill of winningthere’s a reason valley view casino & hotel is known as san diego’s luckiest casino. enjoy endless opportunities to win big when you take a spin on our innovative slot machines or place your bets on one of our thrilling tables. don’t miss out on all our other exciting daily, weekly and monthly promotions! qualifying for these and all other promotions at valley view is easy. to learn more, please visit our  players club.learn morereader's choice best casino awardsthank you to all of our loyal and supportive guests. the votes have been tallied and valley view casino & hotel is a multi-award winner! see what categories our casino placed in out of the 24 southern california native american casinos.  countdown to our next major events
dave's weekend windfallfriday, august 132021/08/13 22:00:00
4 on the floorfriday, august 272021/08/27 22:00:00
saturday spin-offsaturday, august 282021/08/28 22:00:00indulge in award-winning diningexperience a wide variety of world-class cuisine, from asian specialties and delicious breakfast and brunch options served all day to perfectly prepared steaks, fresh seafood, handcrafted burgers and deep dish pizzas. whether you are in the mood for fine dining, casual fare or delicious fast options, we serve it all.learn moreenjoy a luxurious getawayour luxury boutique hotel offers the perfect escape. relax in comfort in our spacious rooms and sunbathe next to the pool with your favorite cocktails as you enjoy the tranquil panoramas of the palomar mountain range.learn morebecome a casino players club memberjoin san diego’s most generous players club! signing up is quick, easy and free. plus, you’ll start earning rewards right away and new members receive over $200 in instant rewards. visit us today!learn more
  join our team  homeget in touch760.291.5500connectvalley view casino & hotelaboutcareersespañolpressprivacy policyresponsible gamingsan pasqual bandsitemapspcdgterms of usefind usvalley view casino & hotel
16300 nyemii pass road 
valley center, ca 92082directions
© 2025 valley view casino & hotel • web development by innovision marketing group                                 

