















muriel's grove | santa rosa beach, fl 32459













1homephoto galleryrates/reservationsarea info482 north andalusia avenueseagrove beach, fl 32459website designed at homestead™ list your business for freemuriel's grove is located in a community called grove by the sea in seagrove beach. it is located midway between destin and panama city, in the heart of the emerald coast and beaches of south walton county. it represents a vacation paradise... from the sugar white sands and emerald green waters of top rated beaches ... to the woods and marshlands where endangered plants, animals, and exotic birds thrive. you will love the unspoiled environment.â â  we are close to the beach and seaside, and next to one of two beautiful community pools. you can simply park your car and forget it - your vacation needs are all within walking or biking distance.â muriel's grove has three bedrooms and 3 full baths, plus a studio area that can act as a fourth sleeping area in a pinch. it is a wonderful place that will far exceed all your expectations.this section of the northwest florida panhandle and gulf of mexico is referred to as the emerald coast and the beaches of south walton. the beaches in this area are "america's most beautiful". here you will find beautiful open beaches with sugar white sand, dramatic sand dunes, warm emerald colored water, fabulous sunsets, and a golf and bikers paradise. â "everyone loved the house and it's location right by the pool, close to the beach and seaside! i had forgotten what the beach used to be like and the girls definitely voted seagrove #1!"â â â - e & t, birmingham, alyou'll fall in love with our seagrove beach cottage!seagrove beach, florida vacation rental house close to seaside, grayton beach and watercolor.â  www.straighttothebeach.comthis seagrove beach, florida vacation rental house is in the grove by the sea neighborhood of seagrove beach. midway between destin and panama city, seagrove beach is considered part of metro panama city in northwest florida on the florida panhandle. seagrove beach is on the gulf of mexico along scenic highway 30a. the area called the beaches of south walton includes beach highlands, dune allen beach, santa rosa beach, sunrise beach, blue mountain beach, grayton beach, watercolor, seaside, seagrove beach, seacrest beach, rosemary beach, and inlet beach.muriel's grove - seagrove beach, florida vacation rental home near seaside, destin, panama cityâ  www.vacationrentals.com http://a1vacations.com http://www.vrbo.com www.greatrentals.com www.floridavacations.comâ 










