




transportation management software























lynx
transportation
software


schedule
ace for clinics


schedule
ace
for
contractors


custom
sql and software development


mapping
and
routing
software
development


property/asset
maintenance
manager


document
imaging management systems 


himalaya
products 


other products








online tech
support - tcs


online
tech support - ryte byte


send an
e-mail to technical support


transportation
management
resources


other helpful documents


update
lynx (requires password)


update to
crystal reports runtime 11.5 (requires password)


update schedule ace (requires
password)








live online
demo 


lynx software
demos








e-mail us


contact us


about us







 



  
        








lynx™ transportation
software




™ passenger and pupil management, routing, billing and
maintenance. lynx™ is an advanced
passenger transportation management and bus scheduling
solution that streamlines route planning
and information management. lynx™ provides you with all the tools you
need to efficiently run a small or large transportation organization.
manage special needs, early childhood, elderly, disabled adults,
vehicles, drivers, employees, fleet maintenance, reminders, maps,
routing, trip planning and bus
stop
scheduling, attendance, etc. with
software that starts at just
$1,295!! we can get your organization up
and running in less than a week with your existing data. we provide all
the data importing, software installation and training either on site
or over the internet. 


    




 
schedule ace™ for
paratransit 
 scheduling, patient pickup and dropoff
scheduling, billing and document imaging.
schedule ace™ for paratransit provides small to medium size paratransit
organizations with a simple tool for scheduling pickups and dropoffs
for your patients and clinics.  in addition, data collected can
help
you
improve productivity, profitability and staff communication by readily
providing key information about appointments, patients and schedules.
management reports give your organization the tools needed to grow and
stay
competitive.
 





plant ops pro suite

 plant
operations management software hospitals, clinics
and healthcare providers need corrective and
preventive maintenance software to evaluate and measure who, what,
when, where, how and why maintenance tasks are being performed. ryte
byte™ plant ops pro suite (pops) software meets this need. it
eliminates gaps and provides consistency in the way maintenance
employees perform the same task. this is something both accreditation
and health insurance audit trails want to see.


 
lynx sentinel™ sex
offender
tracking & crime
analysis software 
lynx
sentinel™ software automatically plots, on a map or satellite
image, locations of sex offenders, protected areas,
crimes and minor incidents. this system puts time critical information
at your finger tips for quicker response to events.
by knowing the location of protected areas, e.g. schools, day care
centers, bus stops, lynx sentinel™ can warn you when sex
offenders violate protected areas. the reports are easy to
read and save hundreds of hours of tedious hand searching and
measuring. in addition, lynx sentinel™ provides end-users with location
information about crimes and incidents (car accidents, hazardous
materials locations and others). 
click here to
download a lynx sentinel™ brochure.
 
 
schedule ace™ for
clinics 
 scheduling, patient management, billing and
document imaging. schedule ace™ for clinics provides clinics
with a simple tool for scheduling appointments between your staff
members and patients.  in addition, data collected can help you
improve productivity, profitability and staff communication by readily
providing key information about appointments, patients and schedules.
management reports give your clinic the tools needed to grow and stay
competitive.
 
 
 
schedule ace™ for
contractors
scheduling,
customer
management,
billing,
routing
and
document
imaging.
            schedule
ace™ for contractors is an advanced
scheduling solution that you can use in your business to handle many of
the problems faced by your staff in scheduling customer appointments,
employees and equipment. use schedule ace™ to see trends in customer
requests, view management reports to see how efficiently your employees
are, cut down on time wasted traveling to and from customer sites by
grouping appointments by location, provide your employees with an easy
way to view schedules in a number of ways.
 
 




sales question?
e-mail us here

                        or

                        call toll free at
                        866-356-6822


                          bbb rating a+






                          software news updates

fast support
alternate support


site map

news updates from ryte byte



                          ryte byte is committed to providing individualized service.
                      we will assist you in adapting our passenger transportation management software to the way you work. whatever your needs, route optimizing, bus stop scheduling, detail reports, students, elderly, special needs passengers... we've got you covered. sleep better at night with lynx!
                    

                       
                    

i dont know how we functioned before lynx"! i have used it with much success, and i have found that the mapping data is far superior to the more expensive software products on the market. it is a windows-based program that it is soooooo easy to use that all my personnel mastered the program in just a few days of working with it. also, i have replaced three programs (fleet, inventory, and mapping) with one!


                      geary cooper
                      gordon county schools, ga
                    

                       
                    

"i can't believe how easy it is to create routes, i'm actually having fun using lynx. my drivers love the route sheets and now they are able to get to know all the students on their routes. it's made a big difference. ... and you don't have to know a lot about computers to use this program. this software is just what i wanted."


                      bill steinhauer
                      mount horeb schools
                    

                       
                    

"i can honestly say that the route building and main database setup you have right now is fabulous and will, in my experience, need very little tweaking. the improvements since you started, until now, have really impressed me and will make a lot of customers extremely happy, i think!!! thanks so much to all of you for your time and hard work and friendship. it's made our job here a lot more easy!!!"


mitch kieffer, kieffer bus service


                       
                    

"lynx is easy to use and has saved me so much time. the routing, fuel usage, and maintenance reports are simple to create. anyone will find this program a great asset to their business."


joyce kinnamon, thunderbird transit











                       
                    




material copyright
© 2003-2007 ryte byte, inc.
site map
questions? comments? please e-mail us


 










