


















      giving to texas state university
      
      : texas state university
    



















































































skip to content











search













campaign
impact
contact
give










home


giving to texas state university




next is nowgiving prioritiesyour impactways to giveabout usalumnicontact usgive






campaign
impact
contact
give


current students
faculty & staff
family & visitors
alumni


athletics
give
library
round rock
news













university advancement

giving to texas state university




giving to texas state university




doing more is essential to support texas state in elevating student success and achieving designation as a national research university. alumni, corporations, friends, and members of the bobcat community, are empowered to make a difference as supporters and valued partners in our journey.




about us







your impact







ways to give







giving priorities

















save the date to step up!
march 26 – 27for 1,899 minutes, give to the people, programs, and places you care about most at texas state university.


add to calendar
















next is now capital campaign surpasses goal



on aug. 31, 2024, texas state university marked the successful conclusion of its “next is now” capital campaign, achieving the largest fundraising milestone in the institution's history. launched publicly in october 2021, the campaign raised more than $275 million—exceeding its original $250 million goal and significantly advancing key priorities and initiatives for the university's future growth. 




read the news story












play video


president kelly damphousse thanking donors for making the next is now capital campaign one of the most successful fundraising efforts in texas state history.














next is now campaign results



your deep generosity enables us to carry out vital work, creating a healthier and happiercommunity for bobcat students. thank you for your vision and investment.











$275.6

million raised





150,000

gifts made





53,000

total donors





110%

of goal met


















next is now capital campaign
next is a goal, gift, and promise. it’s how texas state moves forward, continuing a legacy built on making a better tomorrow. the campaign was publicly launched in 2021 with the goal of raising $250 million for students, academics, athletics, and our campuses.


campaign close story


campaign fact sheet 


giving priorities
















january 2024





bobcats are back-to-back first responder bowl champions
mccloud threw for 307 yards and a touchdown, pare ran for a 73-yard touchdown with 2:25 remaining in the fourth quarter and txst held off unt 30-28 on friday, january 3 in the first responder bowl.






december 2024





txst’s canyon hall renamed in honor of distinguished alumnus richard a. castro
txst has renamed the residence hall currently under construction in honor of distinguished alumnus richard a. castro. previously known as canyon hall, the project is now richard a. castro hall.






november 2024





cheatham street warehouse donation in honor of kent finlay and tommy foote
on november 13, txst alumnus and country music star randy rogers ’01, owner of cheatham street warehouse, presented a $75,000 donation from the venue to the txst center for texas music history.




















celebrate 125 years
from the beginning, creating a better tomorrow has been our mission. as we look to the future, we know the work we do today will shape what is next. 


125 website














ways to give

your trust in us carries great significance and we are dedicated to managing your gift according to your vision. it is our unwavering goal to surpass your expectations by demonstrating our meticulous stewardship of your investment and ensuring its far-reaching influence.











endowments







estate planning







corporations and foundations














faculty and staff giving







types of gifts







give now














about university advancement
university advancement serves the university community to advance, support, and sustain the innovative mission and strategic ambitions of texas state through comprehensive engagement and philanthropic partnerships.


alumni engagement


development foundation


staff directory

























give now






your impact






contact us
















giving to texas state university


university advancement j.c. kellam 960601 university drivesan marcos, tx 78666phone: 512.245.2396fax: 512.245.3817developmentoffice@txstate.edu


site map


facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedin






                  resources
                  
                

                  resources
                

capital campaign

about

ways to give

endowments

estate planning

corporate partnerships






                connect
                

                connect
                



your impact

development foundation

alumni engagement

update your information

contact us

give now















about texas state
careers
emergency info
apply
legal







            back to top
          









search terms

start search



select search scope



                      this site
                    




                      all texas state
                    




close search dialog








beginning of video dialog content

close video




previous video
next video

end of video dialog content




