


::access japanese::: learn essential, natural, spoken japanese as effectively as possible in a limited amount of time!











 



 





 home







 course 
                and fee 








how 
              to start 
              textbooks 







 
              free trial request






 
            inquiry







 about us








let's learn japanese
                   hiragana 
                chart

 






try a game!!    interactive 
              games
 





free online lesson    jlp 
            test
 






useful 
              links







students 
              page







teachers 
              page







jpn picture board
(under construction)
 








 






 

 







 




 student 
                  login
email 

password





 



 



 



 


マンツーマン英会話


 


 
 










 












 






 
                    a re 
                    you serious about learning or improving your japanese? you've 
                    come to the right place!!!




o ur 
                    japanese teachers have flexible schedules and can teach at 
                    either your office or home, which is very helpful for people 
                    with children (service area: tokyo, saitama, chiba and kanagawa). 
                    canceling or rescheduling lessons is also easy, we only ask 
                    that you give us 24 hours prior notice. and if studying at 
                    your home or office is inconvenient, relax and enjoy a cup 
                    of tea during your lesson at the access japanese ikebukuro 
                    and shibuya offices. 





in 
                      class, you are encouraged to speak as much as possible, 
                      personalize the language you learn, and 
                      incorporate your own knowledge and experiences. our teachers 
                      are qualified professionals with an abundance of educational 
                      materials at their disposal (books, photocopies, cassettes, 
                      cds and computers). also, if you want to develop reading/writing 
                      skills, you can begin by completely internalizing 5 hiragana/katakana 
                      in 10 minutes. our visual method will help make the painful 
                      learning process great fun. 





 

nline 
                            support!  
 
to help you 
                          retain the information presented in each lesson and 
                          to improve your overall japanese ability, your 
                          lesson record is accessable on our website after each 
                          lesson. upon logging in, your teacher will have submitted 
                          review material that will include each lesson's relevant 
                          vocabulary, sentence patterns or expressions, important 
                          grammar points, homework, advice and/or supplementary 
                          activities. all courses except for group lessons at 
                          aja offices include this support.



most 
                    of our clients come recommended by former participants who 
                    have appreciated our commitment to excellence. 



 student recommendation
access japanese really helped 
                    me get a handle on my everyday japanese speaking ability. 
                    extremely comprehensive materials were used to present lessons 
                    that were always professional yet enjoyable. unlike my experiences 
                    at other schools i began to see results right away and, for 
                    once, feel confident about using newly learned structures 
                    and vocabulary. i'd recommend access japanese to anyone seeking 
                    an effective method of learning practical japanese quickly 
                    and at a great value. 
                    scott marshall -financial consultant 

access 
                    japanese was a valuable learning 
                    experience that gave my japanese skills a boost. private lessons 
                    with experienced instructor enabled me to focus on the areas 
                    that i felt needed the most work. during every class, my instructor 
                    provided me with a wide variety of stimulating materials. 
                    most importantly, they were tailored specifically to my personal 
                    needs, and whether we were practicing grammar exercises or 
                    discussing current social issues about japan, i always felt 
                    encouraged to particiate actively in the lesson. access japanese 
                    in shibuya is also really convenient. it's only a few minutes 
                    away from the station and class times are available 7 days 
                    a week. i was pleased that i could study on saturdays and 
                    sundays as well. if you are serious about taking your japanese 
                    to the next level, then i would recommend access 
                    japanese. 
                    greg naito - professor at bunri university


click 
                    the play button!  

 






 

 
                                   good morning 
   ohayoo

                                this casual form is used between friends, family 
                                members, co-workers and by superiors to subordinates.

  ohayoo 
                                gozaimasu 
                                the polite form is used in formal situations.




  
                    flash is needed to view greetings of the week. dl 
                    it for free. 



 
            total:532405 (today:10 / yesterday:163)            


top



copyright (c)2003-2007 access japanese 
            academy all rights reserved. 

 




  





