 








duke social science research institute - duke social science research institute






























































































		skip to content





















 








contact 






search


 








aboutmission & historythe connectionsignature centers & initiativesfind peopleit supportlocations & facilitiesresearchapplied research, evaluation & engagementoffice of evaluation and research partnershipproject collaboration & proposal developmentlab-based social and behavioral researchconsulting & trainingpartnershipseducationconsulting & trainingbass connections: race and societyprogram for advanced research in the social sciences (pariss)master in interdisciplinary data science (mids)open source pedagogy, research + innovation (ospri)social science research labdatatriangle research data center (trdc)protected analytics computing environment (pace)projects 






communityhealth disparitiescovid-19educationamerican southdata sciencebass connectionsall projects 
















education


				teacher attrition, health, and well-being during and after the covid-19 pandemic			


			what are we trying to do? this is a multidisciplinary and multi- institutional study focusing on the teacher workforce, specifically ...		




read more


















outreach & engagementnewseventsdiversity & inclusionssri grant program 2023























projects grow 



here 



connecting researchers in the social sciences. 







applied research, evaluation & engagement 



we help develop campus and community programs and foster connections between duke and the broader community. 






get training











master in interdisciplinary data science 



mids is home for creative problem-solvers who want to use data strategically to advance society. 






about mids















signature centers & initiatives 



faculty, researchers, students, and staff work together to focus on specific social science problem or issue.  






collaborate











project collaboration & proposal development 



learn about new funding opportunities, how to submit a high-quality proposal and get funded, and collaborate with other researchers. 






find funding



















 










 

 






 



 


















ssri grant program announces awards 



the social science research institute (ssri) invited grant applications from duke university faculty to study social science research topics of their choice. the size of the grants range from $5,000 to $25,000.























social scientists get funding














 



 






 



 


















dupri research team uses electronic health records to study population of durham county children 



new research demonstrating the efficacy of using electronic health records (ehrs) to assess children’s population health.























using ehrs to assess health














 



 






 



 


















mtv partners with mids to study access to voting on college campuses 



mtv partnered with a team of students working on their mids capstone project to study access to voting on college campuses.























making voting easier for students














 

 



 

 







 

 






 



 


















celebrating 20+ years 



faculty, researchers, staff, and students at the social science research institute discuss the many ways that the institute have brought together researchers from across the university for effective research.























over 20 years of research














 



 






 



 


















hiring new dism post doc 



this position will work as a team member in conjunction with the social science research institute at duke university and invites applications for a postdoctoral associate in survey research methods.























apply to be our post doc














 



 






 



 


















ssri workshops 



social scientists looking for workshops focused on integrating ai in survey research, community-engaged and community-partnered research, introduction to mixed methods research, and related research areas are encouraged to register for one of our upcoming workshops.























browse our list














 



 






 



 


















new ssri interim director 



we are thrilled to welcome sunshine hillygus (professor of political science, director of the duke initiative on survey methodology, professor in the sanford school of public policy) as the interim director of ssri.























sunshine hillygus














 



 






 



 


















helping projects grow 



for over 20 years, ssri has brought together researchers with interests in problems that cross the various social and behavioral sciences, including problems that connect with the humanities and natural sciences.























watch our video














 

 



 

 













ssri news 

















				workshop: integrating ai in survey research			



																						
			january 9, 2025		





read more















				mids career fair			



																						
			january 2, 2025		





read more















				jessica on: nc student teacher of the year			



																						
			november 25, 2024		





read more















				public health outcomes			



																						
			november 8, 2024		





read more















				mids students place at hackathon			



																						
			november 7, 2024		





read more















				studying chinese immigrants’ spatial distribution in raleigh–durham			



																						
			november 2, 2024		





read more














































events@ 



 



 












cdvs workshop: effective academic posters 



january 27, 2025 5:00pm 



									poster sessions are an incredible opportunity to share our work with a broader audience, get feedback, and network with our peers, as well as potential employers, funders and collaborators.								















cdvs workshop: intro to arcgis pro 



january 29, 2025 1:00pm 



									arcgis pro is the flagship desktop gis client application from esri that helps you analyze or visualize digital data that has a locational component. compared to the previous arcmap								















cdvs workshop: r for lunch: mapping 



january 30, 2025 12:00pm 



									this workshop introduces the use of the r language for producing maps. we will demonstrate the advantages of a code-drive approach such as r for visualizing geospatial data. participants								























 





















 



email: ssri@duke.eduphone: 919.681.6019 



gross hall, 2nd floor140 science drivedurham, nc 27708 



2024 w. main st.durham, nc 27705 















the latest from ssri 








				celebrating 20+ years			



			february 10, 2025		







				hiring new dism post doc			



			february 10, 2025		
















ssri quick links 



find people   ssri projects   affiliates   projects  






facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 














 



privacy statement 



 |  



site map 



 |  



accessibility 



									privacy statement | policies | site map
								







copyright© 2023 duke social science research institute  












scroll to top















































