


exactseek: featured website listing


























menu


home
add url
add local usa listing
member login

















guaranteed top 10 exposure
get top 10 exposure across our network of search engines and web directories at low, flat fee rates. boost your website's visibility with a featured website listing today!


is your website listed at the bottom of search results?
here's something to consider. with millions upon millions of websites competing for rankings on search engines, getting a top 10 listing is hard. that's what we provide, guaranteed top 10 exposure across our network of search engines and web directories at low, flat fee rates.




how does the featured listing program help you grow your business?

top 10 exposure
through a rolling selection system and restricted keyword sales.
world-wide placement
your listing(s) featured worldwide on our network of search engines and web, blog & article directories.
quick inclusion
your featured listing added within 6 to 8 hours to our entire network of search partners.
low cost
a flat fee of $14.95 for one featured listing. get 25% off by locking in for a 12 month term for $44.95 per listing. discount for bulk purchases of listings available.
keyword selection
if a good keyword term is available - it's yours. no keyword management or variable keyword pricing.
no hassle
no keyword bidding, no bid management and no incentive for click-fraud.


free bonuses
upon completion of your order, download two bonus ebooks from spn elearning valued at over $100.

featured listing example

title: the title you want for your featured listing. maximum 30 characters, including spaces.
description: a concise description of your product, service or website. maximum 100 characters, including spaces.
url: the web address to which your visitors will be sent when they click on your featured listing.
keyword term: the keyword or keyword phrase that will cause your featured listing to be displayed when searched.








purchase using paypal or a credit card
purchases through paypal or credit cards are subscriptions. subscriptions can be cancelled through your member account.
just $14.95 per listing.
get 25% off by locking in for a 12 month term for $44.95 per listing.







number of listings *  



        term:  
         3 months  
 1 year





terms of service*
i have read and agree to the terms of service. my listing does not contain adult, illegal or banned content.



terms of service - recurring billing*
i understand there will be recurring charges unless the subscription is cancelled.















 



pay with credit card




visa, mastercard, american express




* - denotes a required field.



payment is required in advance and may be made by credit card (visa or mc). if you already have a paypal account, you can purchase a subscription using a credit card. checks are not accepted.
once your payment has been approved (usually a few seconds), you will be directed to a web page (you may have to click a link) where you can enter the information for your featured listing.






member login
newsletters
add url
privacy
partners
help
about
search feed
reseller program




exactseek
sitepronews
blog-search
sitesondisplay
isedn
sonicrun
freewebsubmission
author-base





your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the exactseek.com privacy policy



jayde online © 2025, all rights reserved.













