


lisa gross




















 



    
	lisa gross
	
  
freelance writer/photographer





wednesday, june 07, 2006



	 
	 spice world--tasty vegetarian on curry hill (ny press)
	 
    


vegetarian dining shouldn’t mean eating under-seasoned, undercooked food. and yet, many vegetarian restaurants suffer from a fear of salt and a love of dried out brown rice. not so at saravanaas, a south indian vegetarian restaurant in “curry hill,” where everything is bursting with flavor, and you don’t feel like you need a second meal after you’ve eaten.saravanaas is the first east coast franchise of the chennai-based chain saravana bhavan. in order to claim this name, a branch must hire a team of cooks trained at the chennai headquarters, making saravanaas one of the most authentic south indian restaurants in new york. the proof is in its clientele: young, chattering indians pack the place at all hours. the space is bright and open and the walls are hung with fuscia and saffron cloths studded with fake flowers. the shiny, blond wood tables are constantly rearranged to accommodate the large groups flowing in and out. much of the menu consists of a variety of bread-like items that come with a soupy lentil dip and three types of chutney—cilantro, tomato and coconut. the plain idlis ($3.95) are small, round, spongy patties made from lentil and rice flour. they’re soft and chewy—perfect for sopping up the dipping sauces. the dosas, thin crispy crepes, are some of the city’s best. for a dramatic presentation, try the potato and onion filled masala dosa ($7.50). your friends will be impressed when a two-foot long dosa in the shape of a large cylinder arrives before you. or try the vegetable dosa ($8.25), a flattened crepe in the shape of a triangle filled with seasoned mixed vegetables. this is finger food, so don’t be afraid to eat it with your hands. the tomato onion uttappam ($6.95), a thicker pancake dotted with tomatoes and onions is a bit too oily and bland for my taste, as is the adai avail ($8.95), yet another kind of lentil pancake.ordering the thalis is the best way to try a range of south indian dishes. a thali plate consists of a large bowl of rice surrounded by a variety of curries, chutneys and pickles. the south indian thali ($13.95) comes with a bowl of rice and 11 small dishes filled with two kinds of yogurt, several kinds of vegetable curry and a sweet desert dish—usually something flavored with cardamom. it also includes two chappathis—flat indian bread, and a fantastically crispy pappad. if you don’t order a thali, it’s worth getting a side order of pappad for $1.95. the dishes in the thali balance each other nicely, and it really feels like a feast. the business meal ($11.95) is similar, but smaller, and features a poori (fried fluffy whole wheat bread served with mashed potato gravy) instead of a chappathi. the mini meal focuses on three different kinds of rice (yogurt rice, sambar rice and a special rice of the day) with a curry and a dish of pickles for accents. the mini tiffin ($8.95) features a mini masala dosa, a mini sambar idli and rava kichadi, a semolina porridge. conclude your meal with a hot beverage. the milk tea is a well-spiced authentic chai (you have to sweeten it yourself), and the masala milk is a soothing cup of warm milk seasoned with cardamom, honey, ground almonds and pistachios. the madras coffee comes in a small metal cup that sits in a metal bowl. it’s a strong brew mixed with cream and topped with a dollop of milk foam. put a few packets of sugar in the bowl, pour the coffee in, then pour it back and forth a few times to mix in the sugar and to cool it down, and it’s ready to drink. you don’t have to be a vegetarian to fall in love with saravanaas. if you appreciate fresh, tasty food, you’ll feel right at home.saravanaas81 lexington ave. (at 26th st.)212-679-0204



posted by lisa gross at 8:52 pm
1 comments






wednesday, may 24, 2006



	 
	 screaming for ice cream-five of the best places to score the cold stuff (ny press)
	 
    


nothing says summer like an ice cream cone melting down your wrist. a scoop or two will turn any dour adult into a squealing child, and it’s no coincidence that ice cream is the most commonly cited comfort food among both sexes. ice cream epitomizes easy pleasure. but there’s no reason to settle for average, tasteless glop or hard supermarket fare when new york is home to some of the best homemade ice cream around.il laboratorio del gelato on the lower east side is the place to go when you’re craving some black sesame in your life. if you’ve never had such a craving, it’s probably because you’ve never tried it. owned by the founder of ciao bella, this tiny, immaculate, white shop is truly a lab for creating unique and unusual flavors of gelato—the italian version of ice cream that’s frozen at a lower temperature and made from whole milk instead of cream. their flavors change daily, so you can never be totally sure what you’ll get. the milk chocolate tastes like frozen hot cocoa. the malt is like a box of whoppers and the green tea has the subtle bitterness of powdered matcha tea. skip the blackberry, mint chip and vanilla; all are a bit too prosaic, especially when there are so many other exotic and delicious options. the fruit sorbets are robust and potent, though a little too icy for my taste. tangerine has a concentrated citrus punch with just a tad of bitter zest. honeydew is fresh, sweet and juicy, and the black grape actually tastes like a bunch of grapes, not “purple flavor.” the shop sits adjacent to the tenement museum, and you can bet that none of the building’s former residents would ever have imagined a gourmet gelato shop squatting next door.australian homemade looks like it should be selling snowboards or sunglasses, but don’t let the surfer decor turn you away. their ice cream is rich and creamy, and their sorbet is silky smooth. their pear sorbet perfectly captures the taste and texture of a ripe pear, and the lychee flavor is like eating a bowl of the cold, juicy fruit. their chocolate ice cream is a rich, dark chocolate, and the macadamia crunch is a more sophisticated pralines and cream. they also sell gourmet chocolate bon bons if you feel you haven’t indulged enough. the shop is right next to tompkins square park, which makes it a perfect place to grab a cone to take on a stroll.if you’re looking for some good old-fashioned american ice cream, check out ronnybrook farm dairy in the chelsea market. all their ice cream is made from fresh premium milk and cream that is produced in small batches at the ronnybrook farm dairy in ancramdale, n.y. this is the best place to get the classic, hard, creamy ice cream of your childhood. but stick to the basics: vanilla or chocolate. the “hudson valley vanilla” has a strong flavor of real vanilla bean, not just a cheap flavoring, and “sid’s chocolate silk” is the perfect balance between milk and dark chocolate. the other flavors are all a bit too sweet or a bit too mild. the shop itself is an odd combination of farm kitsch and fluorescent-lit utilitarianism, so it’s best to take your scoop to go.if straight up vanilla or chocolate just doesn’t do it for you, walk a few hundred feet to l’arte del gelato (formerly jimmy’s gelato), a tiny stand hidden in the back of the bowery kitchen supply. they make fresh gelato everyday, and it’s real italian-style: each tub is topped with the flavoring ingredient (fruit, chocolate, coffee, etc.). try the dark chocolate with chili pepper and get ready for some aztec heat. the coffee tastes like a good cappuccino and the coconut is fruity, smooth and flavorful. cones is conveniently located a few doors down from murray’s cheese shop, amy’s bread and faicco’s pork shop in the west village, making it the perfect place to get a snack when picking up a few gourmet goodies. the glass-fronted shop has an ’80s futuristic look, complete with large, fading light-box photos of grotesquely ornate sundaes and ice cream cakes. thankfully, the gelato they serve doesn’t resemble the photos. the zabaglione is addictive and tastes exactly like a colder version of real zabaglione—rich egg custard with sweet marsala wine. the mate tea tastes like bubble tea without the tapioca pearls. corn has the flavor of sweet, canned corn and the strawberry is pleasantly fragrant and tangy. their chocolate, vanilla and coffee are all solid renditions of these classic flavors.though these five shops may be cursed with bad lighting and bizarre décor, each one offers a little taste of pure, unadulterated, frozen pleasure. and who sits in an ice cream store anyway? ice cream cones are the most mobile of foods, meant to be eaten while strolling down the sidewalk on a hot summer afternoon, or perched on a park bench on a warm summer evening. so take your favorite flavor on the road—before it melts.il laboratorio del gelato95 orchard st. (at broome st.)212-343-9922australian homemade115 st. marks pl. (betw. 1st ave. & ave. a)212-228-5439ronnybrook farms dairy75 9th ave. (at 16th st.), in chelsea market212-741-6455l’arte del gelato75 9th ave. (at 16th st.), in chelsea market212-366-0570cones272 bleecker st. (at morton st.)212-414-1795



posted by lisa gross at 8:28 pm
0 comments






wednesday, may 10, 2006



	 
	 burning down the house-sinus-clearing at grand sichuan (ny press)
	 
    


grand sichuan ny flirts with the feel of a suburban chinese restaurant. order from the “american chinese” menu and the fantasy is complete. but order from the sichuan half and your tingling taste buds will shake the reverie and plunk you down into sichuan province (or at least, into one of the best sichuan restaurants in new york). part of the citywide grand sichuan empire, this modest murray hill branch stands a step above, even though it often falls into the shadow of its better known chelsea sibling.since it’s not a destination restaurant (though it should be), you never have to wait in line. the crowd ranges from large groups of noisy chinese men to middle-aged couples eating egg rolls and lo mein. the staff is friendly and attentive, but don’t expect them to explain the menu. it’s best to jump in blindly, which happily tends to work out.many chinese restaurants purport to serve sichuan dishes, but few prepare them the way they’re supposed to be made—laden with chilies and infused with the tongue-numbing smokiness of the sichuan peppercorn. chinese five spice, a fragrant mixture of star anise, cinnamon, fennel, cloves and the aforementioned peppercorn, is another favorite seasoning. throw in some ginger and garlic, and you have a good sense of the pungent flavors of sichuan food. beware: it’s not for the timid.begin by sampling the whole spinach with fresh ginger sauce ($6.25), or the cucumber with fresh garlic ($6.25). both dishes are served cold and offer a nice refreshing start to a spicy meal.when ordering the main course, the path diverges in two—hot pot or an assortment of entrees. hot pot is a wonderful dish when group dining. a large boiling pot of liquid is brought to the table and set on a gas range. you then order a variety of ingredients, which will all be cooked at the table. i suggest ordering the “half and half” pot—it’s the perfect yin and yang of cooking liquids. the pot is split in two—one side is chili oil seasoned with five spice, the other is a mild clear broth. for a group of four, seven to eight dipping ingredients is a good number.next you pick from meat (called “pork” on the menu), seafood ($6.25 an item) or vegetables ($3.00 a plate): the thinly shaven beef and pork cooks almost instantly and melts in your mouth; the dried chinese sausage has a sweet, fruity flavor and the yolk of the tiny quail eggs turns molten in the broth; the fish balls have a nice, firm texture and subtle fish flavor; the napa cabbage and pea shoots turn sweet when cooked, and the black fungus, a slippery and slightly crunchy mushroom, is a novel textural contrast. other options include sliced lamb, beef balls, sea cucumber, shrimp, squid, clam, tofu, bamboo shoots, loofah, spinach, leek and winter melon.if you’re feeling courageous, try the pork kidney, duck tongue, pork intestine or the truly mysterious “luncheon meat.” choose a few dipping sauces ($1.95 each) like the garlic sauce, which is made from fresh-grated garlic and sesame oil, or the sha cha sauce, a spicy and fishy barbecue sauce. ordering rice is a wise investment. hot pot often feels like a feast, but on a recent night with three friends the dinner totaled $14.50 per person, including tip. there’s nothing better than a cheap gustatory extravaganza.even if you choose to forego the hot pot route, you won’t be disappointed. braised beef fillet with chili sauce ($10.95) features thin, velvety slices of beef, simmered in chili oil, garlic and peppercorns, resting on a bed of cooked napa cabbage. the tangy spice is addictive. for a milder dish, try the double-cooked pork with sweet bean sauce ($9.95) or the guizhou spicy fresh chicken ($12.95). both dishes are slightly sweet. any chicken dish can be ordered with “fresh” chicken, which means freshly killed. choose that.ma po tofu ($8.95), a classic of sichuan cooking, is a comforting and tender tofu dish topped with chili oil and ground pork. the sautéed and dried string beans with minced pork ($8.95) is made from long, thin, chinese-style string beans that are cooked to a chewy perfection. sautéed pea shoots ($12.95) are mild and fresh.though you may not want to eat here before a hot date, a visit never fails to clear the sinuses or wake up the palate. just make sure you have a beer or cup of tea in hand before you start. you’ll need it to extinguish the flames.grand sichuan ny227 lexington ave. (betw. 33rd & 34th st.)212-679-9770



posted by lisa gross at 4:21 pm
0 comments






wednesday, march 29, 2006



	 
	 sugar, spice & everything nice-tough gals turn sweet by baking brownies (ny press)
	 
    


as soon as you enter the sweet things bake shop, the enchanting smell of baking cookies envelops you in its grip. there’s an old-fashioned feel to this tiny shop on avenue c: glass vitrines stocked with cupcakes and cookies crowd the counter, an old enamel stove squats to one side and handmade aprons flutter in the sunny window. peek in the kitchen on a wednesday or thursday afternoon and the place takes on an even cozier picture. girls ages nine to 17 weigh butter, crack eggs, mix batter and wash pots and pans—not a single y chromosome to be found in the place.the girls club of the lower east side owns the shop, which opened in 2004, and they use it to teach local girls about baking, cooking and running a small business. the heart of this program is a course called “cooking academy.” valerie galindo, a former girls club member and a student at the institute of culinary education, teaches the baking aspect of cooking academy. she wears a white chef’s jacket and moves through the tiny kitchen with speed and confidence. on a recent afternoon, she showed her five eager students how to read a scale, how to prevent salmonella and, most exciting of all, how to make chocolate chip brownies from scratch. jodi morrisson, a program volunteer and a business consultant for artists and nonprofits, teaches the business aspect of the course.  she’s tall and young with dyed red hair and electric blue eyes.“we sell a lot of brownies here at the bake shop? why is that?” she asks the girls.“because they’re familiar,” answers annise ventura, a tough and articulate 13 year old with a baby face. “everybody knows what goes into them. they know they’re good.”“what can we do to sell more?” asks jodi.“explain our product,” says ventura. “explain why it’s good.” morrisson teaches the girls about marketing, packaging, sales and customer relations. “being nice is good business,” she explains. the girls, in their hairnets and white, plastic aprons, nod their heads in agreement. they are drawn to the program for a variety of reasons.“baking helps me release anger,” says angelina rosato, 13. she stands with her arms crossed and her lips pursed. “instead of screaming or hitting something, i just bake at home.”“i like the different tastes and ingredients you put into it—and the touch and the smells, “ says christina valentin, a shy 16 year old with kohl-rimmed eyes.“i like being able to help own a business,” says ventura. “as a little girl, i used to go to my cousin’s house everyday and we’d be bored, so we’d go out and make lemonade. we didn’t ask for money; we just gave it away. it was fun having a little place like that, and now i get to redo the experience without being that creepy 13-year-old still selling lemonade. instead, i’m selling cookies at an actual, stable store.”the club pays each girl a small stipend for finishing the course, and many graduates of the program go on to work in the shop during holidays, after school and over the summer. lippy khair (21, a former club member), danyel garcia (20, a baker in training) and miladys ramirez (the manager of the shop and the program) run the place from day-to-day. all profits go towards the organization, which is raising money for a new building. the bakery is open tuesday through saturday, and neighborhood residents stream in and out at all hours of the day. taste any one of their offerings and you’ll see why: the brownies are rich and chewy, the frosted cupcakes moist and flavorful and their whimsically decorated cookies melt in your mouth. who says that learning can’t be sweet? and delicious, too.the sweet things bake shop136 ave. c (betw. 8th & 9th sts.) 212-982-1633



posted by lisa gross at 10:11 pm
0 comments









	 
	 dawning of a new age-colors brings harmony, bliss to the restaurant biz (ny press)
	 
    


with it’s dark mahogany walls, crisp white tablecloths, double-digit prices and art deco decor, colors seems like any other upscale manhattan restaurant. but underneath its veneer of luxury, a revolution’s brewing. colors is one of the first worker-owned co-operative restaurants in new york. every employee at this brand new restaurant—from the busboy to the executive chef—owns an equal percentage. salaries start at $13.50 an hour and all decisions are made democratically. the name itself represents the diversity of the staff—which comes from over 25 different countries—and the menu, an elegant sampler of fusion recipes, is built around organic, seasonal produce. i can almost imagine the activists panting and drooling at the windows, but they aren’t dining there because—hey, let’s face it—they can’t afford it. but that’s exactly what sets colors apart from your average dirty-hippie co-op. the restaurant shows that progressive values don’t have to clash with luxurious living.colors is a project of the restaurant opportunities center of new york (roc-ny), an organization that advocates for restaurant worker rights. the group was formed after 9/11 to provide support to displaced restaurant workers and their families; in particular, those who worked at windows on the world, the restaurant at the top of the world trade center. very quickly the organization evolved a larger mission—to improve labor practices across the board within the industry. “it’s a very high exploitation industry—very low wages, very poor working conditions,” says saru jayaraman, the executive director of roc-ny. “one percent of workers are unionized, 60 percent don’t make proper overtime wages and 90 percent don’t have health insurance.” according to roc-ny’s research, workers wages have stagnated at a median annual income of $19,500 over the last 20 years, while profits have simultaneously soared. many workers are forced to work up to 80 hours a week in unsafe conditions and are forced to work when sick. to make matters worse, discrimination is rampant throughout the industry. seventy percent of restaurant workers in new york city are foreign born, yet the majority of high-paying “front of the house” jobs are filled by whites, while the majority of low-paying “back of the house” jobs are filled by immigrants of color. promotion from the back of the house to the front of the house is virtually impossible. “the co-op is about showing that you can treat your workers well and pay them well and still make a profit. and also that workers can be owners and be successful” says jayaraman. “we want this to be a model for the rest of the restaurant industry,” says stefan mailvaganam, the stylish sri lankan-american general manager. “we are trying to establish a different way of doing things.”in fact, roc-ny’s research has shown that poor labor practices actually hurt profits. “[frequent] turnover because of low wages and poor working conditions ends up costing employers,” says jayaraman. “it also costs employers when workers are forced to come to work sick, which leads to sanitation and health issues. our research shows that the same restaurants that egregiously violate labor laws egregiously violate the health code.”despite all the talk, colors is still a long way from making a profit (though it’s only been open a little over a month). but its innovative practices are already making a difference in the lives of its workers.“when i was working at t.g.i. fridays,” says alphonse nzengui, a dishwasher originally from congo, “i was doing my job, but sometimes it was very hard to be motivated because the salary was very low. i was doing what i had to do. now it’s different. as an owner, i am very excited and motivated. here, it’s something else.”“around here, everybody respects each other,” says raymond mohan, the executive chef. “at other restaurants, we had a front-of-the-house thing, back-of-the-house thing; everybody was separated. here, it’s like we’re all in it together. so that helps a lot, when everybody’s in the same boat.”and yet, the process of creating colors hasn’t been all love, peace and good times. it took the group two-and-a-half years to find the necessary start-up capital, and a portion of the original group left the project because they felt the process was taking too long. eventually, an organization of italian co-operative restaurants decided to put up a large chunk of money, and a non-profit finance fund contributed the rest through a variety of different social purpose lenders. “it’s been long and hard and challenging,” says jayaraman. “i think most of us are happy, but the challenges continue. it’s not like we’ve been able to stop and celebrate. now we have to keep a restaurant open, and we have to do it democratically, and that’s a huge, huge challenge. already issues have come up about being a manager in a situation when the people under you are owners. it’s difficult. it’s a difficult balance.” “the bottom line is that there are so many good things going on about this restaurant,” says mailvaganam, “but really what we have to focus on is providing good food, great service and wonderful ambience. we need to get people to really love us just for what we are, as opposed to all the other things going on because that’s the only way you can survive.” and that’s the big question: can a restaurant like this survive? only time will tell. but in the meantime, executive chef raymond mohan is serving up some congolese seafood stew and some slow roasted pork; and raphael duran and edgar gutierrez, two eager and elegant waiters, are waiting to pour wine. expect to spend a pretty penny for a taste; the warm and fuzzy feelings are on the house.colors417 lafayette st. (betw. astor pl & 4th st.) 212-777-8443



posted by lisa gross at 10:03 pm
0 comments









	 
	 eating outside of the lines-chinese is much more than moo goo gai pan (ny press)
	 
    


the chinese new year came and went, the last of the streamers swept off the chinatown streets long ago. maybe you ventured into the throng, watched the dragon dancers and ate dinner in chinatown. or you may have celebrated at your favorite neighborhood restaurant. either way, odds are you ordered something cantonese. but cantonese cuisine is not the only option in this teeming city of immigrants. it’s merely one choice among many. with all the options—fujianese, shanghainese, sichuan or hong kong-style, to name a few—it’s hard to know where to start. to demystify things a bit, i’ll arm you with enough knowledge of chinese regional cuisine to navigate a menu and, more importantly, impress your companion.the history of chinese food in america mirrors the history of chinese immigration. the first chinese who came to the u.s. arrived in the 1860s. at the time, china forbade emigration, and only those who lived in the british-controlled area of guangzhou (commonly known as canton) in guangdong province were able to leave. necessarily, chinese food in america became synonymous with cantonese cooking.things began to change, however, in 1965, with the lifting of the asian immigration quotas. immediately after, a new group of professionals from taiwan and hong kong entered the country. chinese refugees from vietnam arrived in the late ’70s, and the next big wave of immigration occurred in the 1980s with the opening of the mainland. large numbers of immigrants from fujian settled in new york’s chinatown, and other groups from shanghai, chongquing and beijing, among others, settled in flushing, queens.new york’s restaurant scene now features a happy amalgam of food from all over china, although most menus are still dominated by cantonese fare. at the same time, most chinese restaurants in new york serve a combination of regional favorites, acting much like diners that offer both linguine with clam sauce and bagels and lox.“that’s what customers expect,” says jacqueline m. newman, the editor and founder of flavor and fortune, a magazine devoted to the study and appreciation of chinese cuisine. “they’re in business to make money, not to be purists.”and yet, understanding the strengths and specialties of different regions can lead to a much more exciting and rewarding dining experience, keeping in mind, of course, that every chef always has his own variations.in general, chinese cuisine can be broken up into four simple regions: north, south, east and west.in the north—where wheat is the main staple—noodles, breads, dumplings and buns feature prominently. beijing, of course, is known for its duck. but mongolian hot-pot and chinese-muslim dishes such as grilled lamb with cumin and knife-cut noodles also originate in the north.the province of guangdong dominates southern cuisine, and is the home of the aforementioned cantonese cuisine. these dishes are often stir-fried or steamed and seasoned mildly with a touch of sweetness. barbecue is popular, and many cantonese restaurants hang their roasted meats in their front windows. other common dishes include chow fun, chow mein, lo mein, pork spareribs with salt and pepper and congee (a rice-based porridge). the ever-popular new york brunch alternative, dim sum, with its many dumplings and small dishes brought around on carts, also originates in guangdong.fujianese cusine, which hails from the southeast, has spread through much of chinatown, especially the area along east broadway. soups and soupy dishes are especially popular in fujian, as is a red, fermented rice-mash, which is made from red brewer’s yeast and glutinous rice. a thick, sweet soy sauce is another common flavoring. hong kong-style restaurants tend to feature large aquariums filled with fish and shellfish from which you can pluck your dinner. xo sauce is a hong kong specialty. the exact recipe is unknown, but its spicy and pungent flavor is thought to stem from garlic, chili pepper, dried shrimp and dried scallops.cooking from jiangzhe, china’s eastern coast, which includes shanghai, tends to be sweeter and oilier than food from other regions. “red cooking” is one of the most popular ways to prepare food. it entails using soy sauce, rock sugar and star anise as a red glaze. xiolongbao, or soup dumplings, are probably the most famous shanghai dish. other eastern specialties include lion’s head (a large pork meatball cooked with napa cabbage, tofu and cellophane noodles) and dongbo pork—a sweet dish cooked with rock candy, cinnamon bark, soy sauce, star anise and rice wine.sichuan cooking, which comes from the west, is the second-most common chinese regional cuisine in america. it’s known for its use of chili peppers and sichuan peppercorns, though most sichuan restaurants here don’t serve their dishes in their authentic, mouth-numbing glory. beef filet with chili sauce, also known as water-boiled beef, is simmered in a bright red broth and served on a bed of nappa cabbage. mapo tofu is topped with fried ground beef in chili sauce, and double cooked pork features a sweet, black bean paste.this list, by nature, can only be a starting point. as the longest continual food culture in the world, chinese cuisine is like china itself—vast, varied and constantly evolving. but ultimately, the best way to learn about chinese regional cooking is to eat your way through it. it may take a lifetime, but it’s a tasty pursuit.northern islamic chinese:li yuan chun 133-43 roosevelt ave., flushing  718-939-7788dumplings:fried dumpling99 allen st.212-941-9975dumpling house118 eldridge st. 212-625-1023southerncantonese:cantoon garden22 elizabeth st. 212-964-2229big wong king67 mott st. 212-964-0540dim sum:dim sum go go5 east broadway 212-732-0797oriental garden restaurant14 elizabeth st. 212-619-0085fujian:happy fuzhou house135-33 40th ave., flushing, queens 718-358-191988 reach house88 division st. 212-625-8099hong kong:ping’s22 mott st. 212-602-9988gum fung restaurant136-28 39th ave., flushing, queens 718-762-8821easternshanghai:joe’s shanghai9 pell st. 212-233-8888yeah shanghai deluxe65 bayard st. 212-566-4884westernsichuan:grand sichuan227 lexington ave. 212-679-9770spicy and tasty39-07 prince st., flushing, queens, 718-359-1601



posted by lisa gross at 9:58 pm
0 comments






sunday, march 19, 2006



	 
	 mother still knows best-the korean at kunjip feels just like home--in seoul (ny press)
	 
    


as my mother never fails to tell me, those who like soup will catch a good husband.  maybe back in korea, but it’s a little bit trickier here in new york. luckily, for those in search of a mate, the soups at kunjip give you plenty of excuses to test this old adage for yourself.whenever i crave a home-cooked korean meal like the kind my grandmother used to make, i get myself to kunjip, a small traditionally decorated korean restaurant on west 32nd street. young korean transplants, with their artsy glasses and burberry scarves, pack the place at all hours of the night, so clearly i’m not the only one who finds a taste of home.one reason all us korean (or half korean) kids can’t resist the place is the banchan—the bevy of free dishes that crowd the table at the beginning of the meal. a cross between condiments and side dishes, you nibble on them before the entrees arrive (but as my mother has also told me a million times, don’t eat the spicy stuff on an empty stomach). you also eat them with your meal to keep things interesting. most korean restaurants in america serve three or four dishes of banchan. kunjip serves seven, including a stone bowl of boiling hot steamed egg topped with slivers of scallion. a good rule of thumb to keep in mind: the more authentic the restaurant, the more banchan they serve. on my most recent visit to kunjip, an exciting constellation of little dishes graced the table: one with dried squid coated with a sweet chili sauce; another with sesame seasoned summer squash; a third with thinly shaven lotus root in a sweet soy sauce marinade; and another with clear noodles sautéed with vegetables. two others filled with kimchi—napa cabbage and turnip kimchi—reminded me of the kind my grandmother used to make sitting on newspapers on the floor of our kitchen.  she used to mix it all together: salted cabbage with red chili powder, sugar, fish sauce, garlic and scallions in a large plastic tub wearing yellow kitchen gloves. i always liked to eat it within the first week because it was still sweet and crunchy. most restaurants serve their kimchi sour and fermented, but kimchi at kunjip is fresh and, therefore, pleasantly sweet.  after sampling kunjip’s particularly tasty banchan, you won’t be surprised that the rest of the menu is equally enjoyable. for starters, try the pa jun, a large egg, scallion, and squid pancake that you dip into soy sauce ($8.95), or the jap che, a dish of translucent noodles mixed with vegetables, shredded beef and egg ($6.95). several excellent varieties of the crowd-pleasing bibimbob are available. bibimbob features a large bowl of rice with a colorful topping of seasoned vegetables and a fried egg. the gobdol bibimbob ($11.95) comes in a piping hot stone bowl, which makes everything sizzle together. the result is a thin layer of crispy brown rice at the bottom which is a great textural contrast.to switch things up, go for the sanche bibimbob ($9.95). it comes in a metal bowl and is topped with fresh lettuce and room temperature vegetables, making it a good spring or summer dish. to give it a kick, mix in a dollop of red gochujang, a spicy sweet sauce that’s often called korean ketchup. the duk mandoo guk ($9.95), a dumpling and rice cake soup with an eggy broth, is a simple, soothing dish that is perfect for first timers, as is the dolsot sulungtang ($7.95), a mild beef broth filled with noodles and pieces of boiled beef. the daegu jiri ($12.95), a clear fish broth with tofu, cod, turnip, clams may sound like it has a little too much going on but, couple with its subtle smoky flavor, the dish proves both refreshing and substantial. probably more than anything, the deonjang chigae ($8.95) epitomizes down-home korean cooking: a hearty miso stew filled with tofu, clams, zucchini and greens. if you’re yearning for that mouth tingling heat, order one of the spicier soups like daegu maewoon tang ($12.95), a fiery fish soup, or yook gae jang ($9.95), a bright red beef soup. it’s not the kind of spiciness that incites panic—but it’ll certainly get your nose running.as the table is cleared, the waitress brings out small cups of soo jeong gwa, a sweet cinnammon punch. while it won’t do much for your garlic breath, it’s a refreshing way to cool your mouth off and end the meal. my mom always says that koreans are addicted to korean food. if she’s right, then the secret’s in the spice. but then again, trying to get a husband while steeped in the scents and smells of kunjip may make it much harder to snag that hubbie. so choose your addictions wisely.kunjip9 w. 32nd st. (betw. 5th ave. & broadway)212-216-9487



posted by lisa gross at 10:06 pm
0 comments






wednesday, march 01, 2006



	 
	 belmont winner--for fantastico italian goods, the bronx is up (ny press)
	 
    


for those who mourn the death of little italy and its resurrection as a parody of its former self, arthur avenue is a place of salvation—you just have to get to the bronx to get a taste of redemption.the belmont section of arthur avenue in the bronx is home to some of the best specialty food shops in the city. italian immigrants settled the area around the turn of the century, and the neighborhood hearkens back to new york’s good old days when you knew all your neighbors and bought your bread from the bakery next door.it may seem like a long way to travel for groceries, but once you’ve tasted the bounty and checked out the prices, you’ll never go back to shopping at citarella.  shellfish lovers, randazzo’s seafood is your first stop. sure, you can pick up a salmon filet for dinner, but the best part is the no-frills raw bar right outside the front door. for $4 suck down six cherrystone clams shucked right in front of you and tossed onto a plastic plate for your enjoyment. the clams are fresh, large and briny and, topped with a squeeze of lemon or a dash of hot sauce, they make a fortifying snack for the rest of the journey. moving up the food chain, pork products galore pack the aptly named calabria pork store across the street. hanging sausages of all sizes crowd the ceiling, creating a smoky, gamey scent of drying meat that permeates every inch of the place. they specialize in homemade sopresate, hot and sweet sausages, capicollo, prosciutto and raw italian sausage links. try the sweet dried sausages for their perfect balance of salty and sweet and that musty flavor so particular to air-dried meats.further up the block, you can buy some fresh crusty bread to accompany your sausages at the madonia brothers bakery. their prosciutto bread, which is shaped like a large thin bagel, is a wonderful find: the outside crusty, the inside soft and dotted with chunks of prosciutto and a generous sprinkling of black pepper. try to get one that's hot.many would call the arthur avenue indoor market the heart of the area but, call me a heretic, i disagree. the produce is ordinary and the shops are often empty. mike’s deli is a standout from the crowd, a shop that sells a wide variety of meats, cheeses, olives, sun-dried tomatoes and overstuffed sandwiches, along with other italian specialties. samples are generously handed out, so feel free to ask for a taste.as i walked into casa della mozzarella, the line snaked all the way back from the register to the door, but don’t be discouraged, there’s good reason—some of the best mozzarella in the city awaits. choose between salted and unsalted, smoked or fresh; it’s all prepared on-site (they make it in the back, stretching it into long white ropes).  the unsalted is a favorite with its light, pillowy texture and nice, fresh tang. go all out and buy a large—you’ll regret it if you don’t.i’ve saved my favorite store on arthur avenue for last—borgatti’s pasta.  it’s a small shop with a tin ceiling where the clerks wear white coats and the signs are written by hand.  they sell their pasta cut to order so choose a width and they’ll cut it in an old-fashioned, hand-cranked pasta cutter. it costs $1.70 per pound and it beats the hell out of de cecco any day. handmade ravioli and sheets of pasta for lasagna are also available.end the shopping day with a cannoli and a cappuccino at egidio’s pastry. all that old-fashioned market hopping is hard work. you deserve a reward.randazzo’s seafood, 2327 arthur ave., 718-367-4139calabria pork store, 2338 arthur ave., 718-367-5145madonia brothers bakery, 2348 arthur ave., 718-295-5573mike’s deli, 2344 arthur ave., 718-295-5033casa della mozzarella, 604 e. 187 st., 718-364-3867borgatti’s pasta, 632 e. 187 st., 718-367-3799egidio’s pastry, 622 e. 187 st., 718-295-6077all located in the belmont section of the bronx.



posted by lisa gross at 7:34 pm
1 comments






wednesday, january 25, 2006



	 
	 world traveling via shopping cart--new york’s place for asian groceries? (ny press)
	 
    


whenever the new york times or gourmet runs a recipe that calls for an unusual ingredient, they almost always direct the reader to kalustyan’s, a small shop in murray hill that stocks a mind-boggling number of products from around the world. this excess of choice is exactly why i usually walk out of kalustyan’s empty-handed. i just can’t force myself to choose.i have always dreamed of having an indian aunt or a lebanese cousin to guide me through the maze. but aziz osmani, the smiling bangladeshi proprietor, is a good substitute. i visited with him recently and asked him to show me what he considers to be the best items in the store.our first stop is the spice section.“once you use our spices, you don’t use somebody else’s spices,” he says. “we clean them here and we grind them according to our consumption.”besides offering over 800 different kinds of spices, kalustyan’s sells special homemade blends like barbere, an ethiopian mix; rasel hannout, a moroccan spice blend; and garam massala, the classic indian seasoning.next, we move on to the wall of home made chutneys. he recommends the lime-mango and ginger-mango varieties.we tour the front of the store with its overflowing containers of dried fruit and nuts. he hands me a fat, juicy medjool date that’s at least twice the size of your average supermarket specimen.then he points to the turkish pastries in the glass case near the register.“the difference between the turkish baklava and the greek and lebanese baklava is that the turkish filo dough is handmade,” he says. “every single layer, you feel the juice. the other kinds, you feel the juices only at the bottom and the rest is all dry.”he points to the fresh, handmade south asian breads in the adjacent case. “spinach paratha and fenugreek paratha are very special items,” he says.he motions towards the second floor. “we also have prepared middle eastern foods upstairs. it is all prepared here, daily.”arpiar afarian, who learned to cook from his mother in lebanon, makes the food. aziz recommends the mujadhara, the falafel and the giant baked beans.and last but not least, he leads me to a wall of beans and grains—staple foods the world over. there are over sixty varieties of beans and fifty varieties of grains—way too many to choose from. and yet, this no longer seems such a problem. kalustyan’s123 lexington ave. (between 28th and 29th)212-686-3451



posted by lisa gross at 7:27 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  lisa gross 
location:  new york, new york 
i am a freelance writer and photographer based in nyc.  i studied literature, photography and filmmaking at yale university and graduated with a degree in english.
view my complete profile

links

my photography
contact

previous posts

spice world--tasty vegetarian on curry hill (ny pr...
screaming for ice cream-five of the best places to...
burning down the house-sinus-clearing at grand sic...
sugar, spice & everything nice-tough gals turn swe...
dawning of a new age-colors brings harmony, bliss ...
eating outside of the lines-chinese is much more t...
mother still knows best-the korean at kunjip feels...
belmont winner--for fantastico italian goods, the ...
world traveling via shopping cart--new york’s plac...
a frank account-where to get a good hot dog in new...

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
may 2006
june 2006









 



