




rbw enterprises - fasterblaster centrifugal shot blast cleaning machines and equipment



































toggle navigation













home


video library


contact us


about us


international


financing








fasterblaster applications




vertical surfaces

the fasterblaster cleans external and internal tank walls blasting both up and down the walls, increasing production!




horizontal surfaces

the fasterblaster cleans tank roofs and floors, blasting both forward and in reverse, eliminating the need to turn and reposition hoses and electric cables!




pipe cleaning

clean pipe of all sizes.  the fasterblaster cleans all pipe sizes, 0.5" and greater!









external tank surfaces


 


 


 


 


 


 

 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



internal tank surfaces






 


 


 


 


 





pipe of all sizes






 


 


 


 


 





other applications








 


 









resources









fasterblaster informationwhite paper


 
cost savings


 
all applications


 
tanks


 
pipe















contact us

                                thank you for your interest in the fasterblaster shot blast cleaning system.  we would love to hear from you.  
                                if you have any unanswered questions or any comments you want to share, please let us know.

                            





















send your message
reset


your message was sent successfully


your message was not sent successfully






contact information




email: inquiry@rbwe.com
                                
phone: (770) 251-8989
                            


136 hillwood circle,
                                     newnan, ga
                                     30263



















welcome to rbw enterprises, inc.rbw enterprises manufactures the most versitile centrifugal shot blast cleaningâ equipment in the world. we specialize in portable shot blast machine systems which can be used bothâ in plant and in the field. we also engineer and manufacture specialâ blast cleaning systems to meet industry needs for surface preparationâ of pipe, tanks, wind towers, and steel plates applications.

	with theâ fasterblaster, you get either a 30 hp or a 60 hp shot blast machineâ capable of cleaning both horizontal and vertical surfaces. ourâ fasterblasterâ system incorporates many special features designedâ to improve cleaning quality, increase production, minimizeâ maintenance, and lower labor costs.â fasterblasterâ shot blast machines utilizeâ centrifugal blast wheels, driven by 30hp electric motors, to throw steelâ shot against the surface. no air is required in the blasting process.â the machines seal tightly to the surface due to the high vacuumâ generated by the dust collector. there are no emissions around theâ suction cup seal. theâ fasterblaster16, our smaller machine, canâ clean closer around obstructions and theâ fasterblaster32, the largerâ high production machine, is used for the wide open areas.
the fasterblaster is the only portable shot blast  machine that cleans all pipe, plate,  tank  walls, tank roofs, tank floors,  dome roofs, and wind towers while moving forward or in reverse. 

time tested system

rbw enterprises, inc. has been  manufacturing portable blast cleaning machines since 1998.
rbw enterprises is a family  owned and operated business. the company president, robert watkin, former vice president of research &development for the  wheelabrator corporation, has over 50 years of blast machine design experience.  over the last several years, this engineering and manufacturing knowledge has been handed down to family members who manage the daily operations and support the highly skilled manufacturing staff.  mr. watkin continues his work on developing new and innovative products for the blast cleaning and painting industry. 
fasterblasters, by rbw enterprises, are cleaning tanks,  wind towers, plate and pipe in refineries, tank farms, and plants around the world.
fasterblasters are  operating in the usa, canada, trinidad, venezuela, colombia, panama, australia, turkey, thailand, netherlands, nigeria, south africa,  aruba, puerto rico,  jordan, mexico, brazil, ecuador, india, chile, jamaica, saudi arabia, guatemala, argentina, iraq, mongolia, peru, curasao, south korea, denmark, and taiwan.


engineering services

we provide engineering for special fixtures,  attachments, or material handling systems required for your specific applications.


customer support

rbw enterprises is known in  the industry for superb customer service and technical support.
technical personnel are on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week . 
all parts for the fasterblaster are in stock and can be shipped the same day.
field support and training is available from highly  qualified technicians.
rbw enterprises provides a comprehensive operation, maintenance and safety manual and a series of training video links covering all aspects of fasterblaster operation  and maintenance.









copyright 2018 © rbw enterprises, inc. | all rights reserved.




















