


top rated interactive math learning tutorials - grades 6-12













































toggle navigation










toggle navigation






mathtutor home
order
 products
school versions
homeschool versions
self-study versions
screen shots
faq
articles, free download
stem
about us
contact us













learning math has never been easier!


special download offer






x



customers who download the titles they purchase will receive one or more additional titles free.
please see "order" page for more information.





the most effective math tutorial software available anywhere
									animation and graphics bring the concepts of math to life
									guaranteed to boost student achievement and confidence
							 






math interactive learning software for schools, homeschool and self-study
school versions

dynamic, self-paced math tutorial software with compelling graphics and animation

               acclaimed 
               pre-algebra and algebra 1 tutorial software
demonstrated success improving student scores on standardized tests
award-winning geometry, algebra 2, trigonometry and calculus learning software
aligned to grades 6-12 common core standards for math

homeschool and self-study versions

immersive, interactive homeschool and self-study math tutorial software
proven success boosting student achievement and confidence
ideal for first time learning as well as review



math tutorial software for schools, homeschool and self-study

            the 
            math tutor educational software series
            has transformed math learning for thousands of high school and middle school students and adults.  the series features dynamic, highly interactive tutorials with compelling visual aids to enrich the learning experience. students work at their own pace, building skills and confidence one step at a time. educators agree that the math tutor series is an exceptional resource for math learning.
         

            schools seeking 
            curriculum based interactive math learning software
            for grades 6-12 will find the series to be ideal.  parents wanting 
            homeschool math learning and tutorial software
            will also find the series to be ideal.  schools, families, and individuals alike have found the math tutor series to offer the 
            best math educational teaching software
            available anywhere.  the series is also effective for 
            remedial and developmental math instruction.


            the subject of pre-algebra serves as a critical foundation for the math subjects that follow.  our 
            pre-algebra tutorial software program
            helps students master the concepts of pre-algebra and build proficiency in problem solving.  
            it will give students outstanding preparation for the math courses to come.
         

            each of the subjects that follow pre-algebra - algebra 1, geometry, algebra 2, trigonometry, and calculus - is given outstanding, comprehensive treatment by other programs in the series.  for example, algebra 1 in the "concepts and skills series" will help students learn the concepts of elementary algebra, and basic problem solving.  algebra 1 in the "practice and review series" will help students build mastery in solving problems of intermediate and advanced difficulty.
         

            educators have noted how the programs in the math tutor series help students learn from their mistakes.  specially designed tutoring features help students understand the reason for an incorrect answer, and how to find the correct answer next time.
         

            the math tutor series features self-paced lessons suitable for students at all levels of ability.  
            the series helps students achieve a deep understanding of key math concepts and gain the confidence so 
            critical for success in math. 
         

            additional titles in the math tutor series include sat/act math, and learning business math.
         





concepts and skills series

the concepts and skills series represents the pinnacle of educational software. it offers interactive, self-paced tutorials enabling students to grasp math concepts and master problem-solving.

pre-algebra
algebra 1
geometry
algebra 2
trigonometry and adv. topics
introductory calculus










"students are enraptured by the graphics and animation! the tutorials are outstanding in explaining concepts that students often struggle with."
mr. angelo costabilemath department chairmannorth providence, ri




"our son was failing algebra, and we had almost given up hope. your software program made all the difference. now math is his favorite subject!"
d. hoffmantrenton, nj




"the use of animation is especially effective in conveying the concepts and operations of mathematics."
mr. bob albrechtwriter/educational consultantsebastopol schools, sebastopol, ca




"the mathtutor series is the best educational investment we have ever made. we are homeschooling our children and the progress they have made is astonishing. we can't thank you enough."
mrs. m. valentineorlando, fl




"this is an outstanding software series that students at all levels can use to improve their math skills."
dr. a. saleskimathematics departmentloyola university, chicago, il




"our daughter's teacher recommended your series and we're so glad he did. to our amazement algebra is now her favorite subject, and she takes pride in explaining math to her friends."
mrs. g. d. haskinsstillwater, mn




"the mathtutor series has been remarkably effective in helping students develop problem-solving skills."
mr. don huntermathematics instructorkennett, mo




"our math lab has a variety of software packages. none have been more effective than the mathtutor series in building math skills. your software is outstanding."
mr. eric landontechnology coordinatorwayland, ma




"students at all levels benefit from the wide range of problem solving exercises, and the diagnostic evaluations of their performance."
mr. bob huntingtonmath teachernovato high school, novato, ca




"we bought the mathtutor series after reading a review and we are thrilled. our son's math grade has gone from a c- to an a, and his confidence has soared. we are deeply grateful for your wonderful software."
mr. r. tellerbakersfield, ca




"the mathtutor series is absolutely amazing.  i tell my students it is far and away the best math educational program i have seen.  it's great for students who are already good at math and those who are having difficulty."
mrs. ernesta wallace9th grade math teachercolumbia, mo




"your series embodies the best in educational software. it is a remarkable resource for math educators!"
ms. barbara coxeducational consultant and reviewermilwaukee, wi















outstanding curriculum-based series designed by math educators.
ideal both as a supplement to classroom instruction, and for self-study.
network versions available for windows compatible networks
network versions contain special student performance analysis features














ideal for homeschooling families and self-study
            dynamic, interactive tutorials that engage students and bring math to life
            customized lessons that adapt to each student's strengths and weaknesses
            demonstrated success boosting student understanding and achievement
         













         contact information 
         
telephone:
 
ordering and customer service
(800) 521-4518
(800) 521-4518
 
technical support
(219) 923-6166
 
monday - friday, 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. (central time)
 
fax
(219) 333-4786
 
mailing address: 
 
mathtutor educational software, inc.
9609 cypress ave.
munster, in 46321
u.s.a.
 
e-mail
 
sales and general information: feedback@mathtutor.com
               technical support: feedback@mathtutor.com
            








toggle navigation









mathtutor home
order
 products
school versions
homeschool versions
self-study versions
screen shots
faq
articles and games
stem
about us
contact us





      copyright ©  mathtutor educational software, inc. all rights reserved.
   




highland high school

dear student: 
         we are pleased to provide a free title from the mathtutor software series
         for your personal use.  you will be able to download the program from our website.
         these programs are designed for use on windows pcs.
          
         in the list below please click the title you would like to download.  then check the checkbox to confirm 
         that the program will be used for personal study.  after you click submit the download instructions will be displayed.
          
         thank you.
          





               concepts and skills series
               



pre-algebra
algebra 1
geometry
algebra 2
trigonometry
int. calculus






               practice and review series
               



pre-algebra
algebra 1
geometry
algebra 2
trigonometry
int. calculus






               special topicsseries
               



business math
sat/act math










         i am a student at the school or organization above.  i will be using the software
         for personal study, and will not sell or otherwise distribute the software.
         
 



cancel

 

submit









forthcoming online versions
the mathtutor software series runs on windows pcs and laptops.  the online versions of the mathtutor series will launch on june 1, 2020. 
		 if you purchase any of the mathtutor programs now, you will have access to the online versions
     at no additional cost when they become available.
		  

×







