







the spa ~ los gatos












































































































services


            gift cards
          

            groups
          



        videos
      

        aqua salon
      

            contact/map
          





back


            facials
          

            massage
          

            body services
          

            waxing
          

            packages
          

            for men
          

            service add-ons
          


















































































services

facials
massage
body services
waxing
packages
for men
service add-ons

gift cardsgroups











videosaqua saloncontact/map









scroll








(408) 354-5901  •  info@thespalosgatos.com • 100 south santa cruz ave., los gatos ca request appointment  •  view complete service and price listopen tuesday - saturday 10am - 7pm  •  sunday 10am - 5 pm  •  closed mondaycelebrating 25 years of service!




























































gift cards
for when you care to give the very best!















aqua hair salon
the talent you need, for the look you want.















groups at the spa
celebrate, spa style!















the heart’s delight 
february valentine’s spa package - $435 package includes:- 75-minute luminous facial  - 65-minute signature massage - large sonoma lavender heart shaped soap (in-house gift card purchases only)















never been to the spa?
click here for a $15 certificate towards any massage or facial.



our 25th anniversary open house thank you to all who were able to join us for our special 25th anniversary open house.  together we raised over $1,600 for st. jude children’s hospital! 









take a tour of our spa and find out what sets us apart!


“i have been going (to the spa ~ los gatos) for about 20 years! today went with two friends (one‘s b-day and first time and she ❤️ it). my other friend it is about 3rd time and she loves it too! i have my daughters well trained to give me gift cards for all the holidays! ”

— gail - facebook review






































what sets us apart?our goal at the spa – los gatos is to provide our clients with customized treatments that fulfill their beauty and wellness needs and leave them feeling rejuvenated, refreshed and glowing. while our variety of service options offer the latest and most effective spa treatments, our warm, nurturing atmosphere is designed to promote relaxation and healing in a stress-free environment, creating a convenient escape from the intensity of daily routines and demands. we do our best to anticipate and meet every one of your needs for your comfort – you will enjoy a full range of luxurious amenities. you will receive a cozy, plush robe, slippers and a personal locker. once changed, relax in our serene library and enjoy a soothing cup of tea, or other special beverage, and your choice from a large variety of snacks.massage clients will be in the hands of our experienced, knowledgeable technicians, who customize each treatment for your specific needs. from custom-blended massage oil to warm therapeutic packs and soothing eye pillows – no detail is too small. after your massage, enjoy a private steam shower which is infused with an aromatherapy oil of your choice, to remove any lingering tension. facial clients will be cared for by our highly trained estheticians, who assess your skin and work with you to develop a customized facial treatment. we use only premier, name-brand product lines that are backed by years of research and quality ingredients for our services – jan marini, epicuren and yonka paris. treatments are designed to purify, revive and moisturize your skin, while addressing any skin concerns you may have.at the end of your treatment, you will find everything you need at our fully stocked changing and vanity areas for any finishing touches before returning to the outside world.





subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you for subscribing. an email has been sent to you so you can confirm your subscription. welcome to the spa!



 






new page



new gallery



home - relax










about  •  testimonials  •  client survey  •  faq/policies  •  rewards program  • products  •  links  • careers   •  website accessibility policy





the spa ~ los gatos
100 south santa cruz avenue,
los gatos, ca, 95030,
united states
(408) 354-5901
info@thespaoflosgatos.com


hours
mon 9am - 9pm
tue 9am - 9pm
wed 9am - 9pm
thu 9am - 9pm
fri 9am - 9pm
sat 9am - 6pm
sun 9am - 5pm
















in proud association with regale winery and vineyards









