    
	visus llc | accelerating digital transformation
                                            
        skip navigation
        (888) 998-4787   contact                       



sitefinity


                expertise
                



website design and development


cloud development 


ecommerce


digital strategy 


integration


agile teams


business intelligence



technologies


                platforms
                



halo business intelligence


visus workflow


znode



our process


                success stories
                



aerospace


footwear


gaming


government


healthcare


higher education


marketing


restaurant chain and franchise


technology resale and service


other



news
blog


                about
                



leadership


formula for success


testimonials


our core values






    


  
accelerating digital transformation
  
     
building on the promise of digital transformation 

  
visus llc is a digital transformation company. we deliver innovative digital solutions for our clients that improve operating efficiency, enhance customer experience, and grow competitive advantage. we integrate digital technology into all areas of our client’s business to fundamentally change how they operate and deliver value to their customers.
contact us today to learn how we can help your company be competitive.
      





sitefinitysitefinity is one of the leading content management systems for companies looking for an easy to use yet flexible and power platform.







znodeznode is a powerful b2b ecommerce platform that supports multi-catalog, multi-store and multi-brand functionality.








website design and developmentux/ui, web development, portals, applications, workflow





ecommerceretail, ticketing, restaurant, distributor, payment processing and pci compliance, znode





integrationapi integration, api design, api testing







business intelligencedata warehouse, etl, data cleansing and verification, reports, analytics 





digital strategydigital transformation, technology audit, digital audit, strategic planning





agile teamsis an agile team right for your organization?, benefits



      

   
visus llc clients

  
visus llc has developed innovative solutions for private and public organizations, ranging from healthcare to government agencies. contact us to see how we can apply our formula for success to your next information technology project.

  
explore our success stories
            
                            visus llc helped us create a state of the art, user-friendly website around our company vision that very closely mirrored the look, feel, and brand image of our sophisticated high end retail stores. the new website has helped us reach out to new customers and has been instrumental in helping us ramp up our online business, which has grown over 1,000% since launch.
                         - patrick stewart, vp of marketing, the walking company     
                            the most valuable outcomes of visus's service were their ability to deliver on time, obtain customer buy in and,
                            most importantly, to provide me with peace of mind so that i did not have to worry about meeting our deadline.
                         - sally nagy, cio, county of santa barbara     
                            you and your team did a fantastic job putting coe together. every time i do a demonstration, the attendees always comment on how polished the site looks and how intuitive it is. you really exceeded my expectations in what you were able to put together. thanks again.
                         - kevin gates, director of applications development, deckers outdoor corporation     
                            the grantor grantee index application on our website has resulted in better customer service and information available to the public. getting to the right information is very easy and our customers no longer have to travel to our offices or call in for information.
                         - joe holland, clerk, recorder, and assessor, county of santa barbara     
                            before visus helped me i would spend four days a month generating numerous reports, placing data in excel, and processing it manually. now i can do all that same work in a matter of minutes.
                         - sharon chandler, vp of marketing and sales, ogilvy hills insurance     
                            visus is excellent at thinking things through before the development process begins so that the applications they develop meet our needs and fit well within our infrastructure.
                         - daniel milei, director of information technology services, county of santa barbara     
                            one of the strengths of visus llc's web-based project reporting system is its intuitive user interface. we never had to give any training or provide any training material. i believe that's why it's been so successful over the last 6 years.
                         - jennifer slayman, project manager, ceo department, county of santa barbara               some of our loyal clients over the past 20 years  



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

    read our client success stories      
            begin your success story
          get in touch       
                by using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. we use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. for more, see our privacy policy.  ×        sitefinity expertise technologies platforms success stories about careers contact privacy policy    back to top        
                visus llc
                5425 hollister ave, suite 110, santa barbara, ca 93111
                     (888) 998-4787   info@visusllc.com     
                copyright ©
                 visus llc
            
      