


home - turkish american association of california (calturks)



























skip to main content











share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login

                                 


                         


menuhome about uschapters chapters sacramento chapter become a member donate now event calendarfacebook links taac.monterey facebook taac.sacramento facebook taac.siliconvalley facebook business network useful links






get tickets now! keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••our missionthe turkish american association of california was founded in 1975. our mission is to:improve and promote public knowledge and understanding of turkish culture, history and people;foster friendship and communication among the american and turkish cultures;increase the exchange of arts, culture, and cuisine of the united states and turkiye;maintain and promote turkish traditions;provide humanitarian assistance to turks living in the united states and abroad.slideshownovember 2020our eventswe organize events that bring the turkish american community together. december 2022 - turkish coffee dayoctober 2022 - republic day ball99th anniversary of the turkish republicapril 2022 - children's daycelebration of the children of the worldoctober 2021 - republic day picnicreceived the republic day declarationjune 2021 - community picnicmay 2021 - youth and sports day hikemay 2021 - bayram brunchapril 2021 - children's day﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ celebrationmarch 2021 - webinars- covid vaccinations, ercüment ovalı﻿﻿﻿- ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿venture capital, bennet goldbergfebruary 2021 - webinars- buğra bakan, retirement and investments- alev tuğ dietrich, fitnessdecember 2020 - erol mutercimlernovember 2020 - republic day celebrationmarked the 97th anniversary of the turkish republic day with la consul general, and mayor of istanbul, ekrem i̇mamoğlu




sorry - your brower cannot play this file type. you can download the video here instead. 
our organization
we are a group of volunteers organized to serve, first and foremost, the northern california turkish american community. we perform this function through:

our elected board
our chapters in silicon valley, sacramento, and monterey


we are a member of the assembly of turkish american associations (ataa).
 
﻿﻿﻿﻿ membership 
membershipbenefits include being connected with the turkish american community, often free of charge or discounted participation in taac events and updates on local cultural events. taac has individual, family and association/business membership categories:
 











individual membership


$50




family membership


$75




association/business membership



$150








 
we depend on your active participation and membership dues.
 
taac is a california 501-c(3) public non-profit corporation. your donations are tax-deductible.
 
 








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









