







home page - smithtrax recording studio - fort smith arkansas - muldrow oklahoma




















 






































 
homestudioweb designclients_musicianspricingdirectionscontactfacebook
























	  	 welcome to
smithtrax recording studio! 

	  	

	  	

	  	

	  	

	  























smithtrax is located 20 minutes from downtown fort smith arkansas just north of roland oklahoma. we use the very latest state of the art equipment and software used in todays industry. we run the latest version of protools, logic pro x and presonus studio one 5 recording software for our daw's. we have universal audio apollo x8p's hardware interfaces, while using focusrite and avalon mic pre's.we record bands, individual musicians, vocalists, voice overs, audio books, albums, demo recordings, songwriter demos, karaoke singers, audio for video recording/sweetening, and much more. we also specialize in vocal tuning for those of you who sing a little off key. our facility has three isolation rooms with a dedicated vocal booth, drum room and live band room. we also offer cassette tape or lp album transfers to cd/mp3 conversion for turning those memories into a newer and more reliable media for safe keeping. we also can convert vhs tapes to dvd or blu-ray disc for safe keeping. last but not least we can create your personal or business website to make your presence known on the web!  please look around our website and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will be glad to answer any question you may have!








we love our clients


with over 40 years of recording experience, we make life long friendships!  our clientele becomes part of our recording family.. to this day we still work with some of the musicians and clients we did 40 years ago.  we strive to make everyone feel at home here…










a space to create


smithtrax has a multitude of the best sounds and state of the art gear available in the industry today.  they are all available to you as well as some of the most talented musicians just for the asking.  whatever your need our expert advise can help bring your project to life!










we're friendly, we listen!


here at smithtrax, you are the ultimate decision maker!  we want you to be happy with what you get and not force our choices on you. we are easy going, down to earth, music loving folks who genuinely care about every recording we help you to create!















about the owners









smithtrax recording studio was created back in 1980 in houston, texas and relocated seven years later to atlanta, georgia until finally moving to muldrow, ok in 2005. smithtrax is owned and operated by dennis & brenda smith. they were professional performing musicians for more than 30 years spending their last 17 years as a house band at a resort hotel just north of atlanta while dennis ran the day to day recording studio operations. dennis and brenda use their musical talents in the studio as studio musicians doing background vocals, drums, piano, strings, organ and bass tracking and more…dennis comes from a baseball background as his father was hal smith of the st. louis cardinals who played back in the 1950's and 1960's. brenda came from a musical background as her father was ray ludwig, an organist/pianist playing many years for jimmy swaggart, hilton sutton and kenneth copeland. for more information about the owners you can click here.







smithtrax through the years...


































































address:476512 e 1045 rdmuldrow, ok. 74948




phone:479.651.2123





	
	© 2025 smithtrax recording studio













72,322















