






greenlane: leading distributor to dispensaries & smoke shops










































































 







 
 






















about greenlane
team
history


brands
careers
investors overview
news & events  press releases
ir calendar
email alerts


company information  management team
presentations
contacts
faq


financial info  financial results
income statement
balance sheet
cash flow


stock data  quote
charts
historical data
analyst coverage


sec filings  all sec filings
annual reports
quarterly reports
section 16 filings


governance  board of directors
board committees
governance documents




contact
shop wholesale


















groovegroove is a lifestyle brand focused on communicating different experiences around cannabis consumption. our products are developed and vetted by industry experts to meet two key essentials, great quality at a value price. when you purchase a groove product you can buy in confidence knowing that you're investing in a quality item at a competitive price.
learn morecheck out our new
2024 wholesale catalog
view herehigher standardshigher standards was created to provide true connoisseurs with the tools they need for the most elevated smoking experience. our collection of handcrafted heavy duty glass, premium care and maintenance products, apparel and lifestyle goods, and limited edition collaborations offer a fresh vision with a unique approach.
shop the collectionmarley naturaldedicated to creating unique, quality products, marley natural™ offers an elevated line of products made from sustainably grown black walnut and handblown glass, ensuring durability, convenient maintenance, and premium design. balancing intuitive form with subtle jamaican-inspired accents, this timeless collection was designed to upgrade your smoking ritual.
shop the collection 



 









    who we are
at greenlane, we exist to elevate all elements of the consumption experience. greenlane operates as a powerful family of brands and is the premier global platform for the development and distribution of premium consumption accessories, packaging, vape solutions, and lifestyle products. we proudly own a diverse brand portfolio, producing high-quality and innovative products. greenlane is the partner of choice as a third-party brand accelerator and omni-channel distribution platform for many of the industry’s leading multi-state operators, licensed producers, and brands. greenlane envisions a world where humanity is free to enjoy mother nature’s magic.

 







    7
award winning
house brands


    19
years of
industry experience


    50+
b2b partnerships
with iconic brands


    8k+
retail doors
globally

 








 


    award winning e-commerce
vapor.com is our business-to-customer website that offers customers a safe, secure and informed vaporization purchasing experience. we pride ourselves on superior customer service, both before and after purchases are made.


	    visit vapor.com      








 


    leading edge child-resistant packaging
pollen gear™ is a leading producer of patented, customizable child-resistant packaging and premium stainless-steel energy solutions. creating innovative products that promote safety and responsible consumption in legal cannabis markets, pollen gear designs unique solutions with a focus on recyclable and sustainable materials. pollen gear is credited with creating the child-resistant packaging category and today offers a wealth of packaging options, complete with child-resistant certificates for over 40 items and over 100 issued worldwide patents.


	    shop pollen gear      















 



 



 



 



 



 






 







    our brands
in addition to distributing the industry’s best brands, greenlane owns and operates an enviable collection of house brands. we have developed incredible acumen for detecting opportunities in the marketplace and are carefully developing exciting brands that fill those key white spaces.


	    learn more      











    industry-best wholesale
with a comprehensive catalog of premium products and accessories, greenlane wholesale offers the highest quality brands at the best prices with top-notch service. greenlane masters trade activation by creating a seamless balance between marketing and trade show presence.


	    visit greenlane wholesale      






 







    wholesale catalog
inspiration delivered directly to you.
explore over 300 pages of carefully
curated products-shop industry staples, the latest trends, and our exclusive offerings.


	    view catalog     


























































 









partner brands













































































































	    learn more      








 

 


greenlane is the leading distributor to head shops & dispensaries





  © copyright 2020 greenlane holdings, inc. all rights reserved. | accessibility 

 

contact
privacy policy
terms of use
shop wholesale
 











×

request a catalog


        		[contact-form-7 404 "not found"]      		








×

pax


pax labs, inc., aims to deliver the ultimate vaporization experience. pax is leading the vaporization movement with our innovative, premium vaporizers, pax and juul.

founded by two stanford design program graduates, san francisco-based pax labs, inc. was developed with the mission of making smoking obsolete. pax creates superior, beautiful and technologically advanced products that push the boundaries of vaporization. pax builds products that are not only more effective but also those that consumers can relate to: simple, pleasurable experiences.      		








×

brands demo








 


donec rutrum congue leo eget malesuada. sed porttitor lectus nibh. vestibulum ac diam sit amet quam vehicula elementum sed sit amet dui. nulla quis lorem ut libero malesuada feugiat. praesent sapien massa, convallis a pellentesque nec, egestas non nisi.

 







































