ï»¿


southwest christmas cards,note cards, southwest postcards








southwest greeting cards - christmas cards 
- note cards - address cards


     





 

wholesale orders 
		retail stores 
		only

personalizing
 

christmas / 
		holiday cards





merry 
			christmas



holiday 
			greetings



spanish cards



religious 
			cards



postcards


gift tag 
			cards 

blank 
			cards

  
		regional 
		favorites




arizona



california



new mexico



texas

   
		everyday cards



note cards

large 
			note cards

single note cards



new address



thank you



postcards



gift tags












 






		welcome to la casa card company!  





we have specialized in southwest inspired christmas & 
		note cardsfor more than 20 years now.we call tucson, az. home 
		and are proud to say that our cards are printed locally and all of the 
		supplies we use are purchased from companies right here in the usa.
we donate a portion of all proceeds from the sale of our cards to a 
		wide range of causes, focusing on children in need and the welfare of 
		animals. we also strive to leave the smallest "footprint" we can, using 
		recyclable materials whenever possible and the least amount of packaging 
		we can get by with. starting with our printing this year, we are making 
		the switch to fsc certified paper, and our printer uses 100% renewable 
		energy in the printing process.speaking of printing, we are 
		proud to still be printing our cards the old school way, using offset 
		printing on a press to reproduce our artist's works as faithfully as 
		possible. it's a time consuming, labor intensive process. we could jump 
		on the digital printing bandwagon for convenience, as many of our 
		competitors have, but we think the end result speaks for itself in great 
		image quality and beautiful color range. we know the messages you send 
		to friends and family over the holiday season mean a lot to you, and we 
		want to provide you with a beautiful card you will be proud to send it 
		on.one last thing--all of our cards  are exclusive to us 
		and can only be found here and in a handful of small businesses that we 
		deal with personally. 

 thanks for visiting us. we hope you will see 
		something you like and give us a try.

a few words about paypal:
we have used paypal for years to process credit card orders made 
		online with very few problems. however, when the occasional problem pops 
		up, it is beyond frustrating for everyone involved. to minimize 
		annoyance for you and us, we ask the following:if you place an 
		order through paypal and discover that your shipping address is 
		incorrect, contact us directly so that we can correct your address 
		before shipping your order. please do not try to cancel or correct your 
		order through paypal. they consider that "filing a dispute" which sends 
		the entire ordering process off on some path that takes days and 
		multiple emails between all parties to try to correct, usually to no 
		one's satisfaction. instead, drop us a line explaining what you need to
		lori@lacasacards.com. it may 
		take us 24 hours to get back to you but we will, and we will correct the 
		issue, whether it be an incorrect address or whether you actually just 
		changed your mind and would like a refund, without the confusion and 
		annoyance.a note for our great customers:
		  we sincerely appreciate your continued support for your holiday 
		card needs and hope you all have a wonderful holiday season. just 
		be sure to take some time to slow down and enjoy it and, of course, send 
		a holiday greeting card to friends and family! we thank you. be well. 
  

click here for our current card 
		catalog












      




     



		  
low flat rate shipping:




		one package $4.00 




		two packages  



		$6.00three or more packages $8.00 




flat rate anywhere in the usa 
		including alaska and hawaii
		**flat rate shipping does not apply to personalized orders or bulk 
		orders**    



our selection includes: 
arizona sunsets & desert scenes, 
		california desert images, texas and new mexico 
		images of pueblos, haciendas, arches and gates adorned with chili 
		ristras & wreaths, kokopellis, paths & entryways lined with 
		luminarias, playful images of 
		coyote, roadrunner and quail.
 

 our greeting cards are top quality and reasonably priced. 
		




		all of our materials are purchased in the usa
		and our cards are printed locally.





		 we donate a portion of our net profit from sales on this website to 
		select organizations for children in need and the welfare of animals. 


 
our sister site





 arizona 
			landscapes & southwest art
		featuring the art of brenda bowers

		 



la casa 
		card company     
tucson, arizona



08/06/2024 
		this page was updated                           
		all of our images are copyrighted by 
		the artists and are the exclusive rights of la casa card 
		company
 
 
 

 






