


























independence first




















skip to content





aboutnewscareerscontact usevv



 
            













menu





 
            




 services personal care assistancewhat independence first offers independent living servicestepp programequipment reuse & exchangebusiness servicesevents414-291-7520 (v/relay)donate


aboutnewscareerscontact usevv




personal care assistance do you or a loved one need help with everyday activities? from a few hours a week of grooming help, to more services to fit your needs, we are here. 
learn more

independent living services independence first has more than forty programs and workshops that are often necessary to help a person live independently in the community. we also have programs and workshops that are fun, creative, and educational.
learn more

business services build your business by opening your doors to more customers, diversifying...
learn more








main content

independence first
the resource for people with disabilities
do you want to learn more about the future of medicaid and how you can help save it?
click here



independent living
we offer a wide range of services so people with disabilities can achieve their goals. classes, workshops, home modification options, assistive technology and more. our dedicated staff help foster empowerment, inclusion, and independence.
programs & workshops
watch independent living video



personal care in your home
you may need some assistance to live comfortably in your own home. our personal assistance services may be the perfect fit, whether you need help preparing meals, personal grooming or running errands. in some cases supportive care is also available. it’s up to you. you chose your caregiver. perhaps a family member or friend. your caregiver may be eligible to work for independence first for pay and benefits.
hire your own care giver
meet some of the families in our program



services for your business
make your business accessible to everyone. people with disabilities are valuable customers. don’t turn them away! our experts can help plan an accessible building or renovation. your business may have an accessibility complaint or may want to avoid one. we can help!
get more customers & workers
 

donate
your donation is so important.
you can help keep a person with a disability living in the community instead of an institution. 
join us. donate. volunteer. be a corporate sponsor.

donate now
upcoming events
we offer events, including classes, social opportunities, fundraisers, and advocacy trips to the state capitol. our events are many and change often. if you have an idea for an event or class, let us know!

					sort by:alphabeticalsort date "newest first"sort date "oldest first"most popularhighest ratedevent name ascendingevent name descendingstart date ascendingstart date descendingend date ascendingend date descendingall day event ascendingall day event descendinglocation name ascendinglocation name descendingstreet address ascendingstreet address descendingpostal code ascendingpostal code descendingevent subtitle ascendingevent subtitle descendingimage alt text ascendingimage alt text descendingfeature image alt text ascendingfeature image alt text descendingpage share url ascendingpage share url descendingplease wait while we gather your results.ada consumer advocacy teamwednesday, february 19, 20252:00 pm to 3:30 pmmonthly on the  third wednesdayindependence first or zoom540 s. 1st st53204the independence first ada consumer advocacy team is committed to improving the accessibility of business, government entities, and services for people with disabilities in the metro milwaukee area by promoting compliance to the american with disabilities act, and other disability rights laws through education, advocacy, and community outreach.board game night - milwaukee[1]wednesday, february 19, 20256:00 pm to 8:00 pmindependence first540 s. 1st. st.53204social skills workshop - ozaukeetuesday, february 25, 202512:30 pm to 1:30 pmweekly on tuesdayindependence first - ozaukee county office2360 dakota dr.53024this fun, interactive and educational workshop covers communication skills, including taking a closer look at what social skills are, how to communicate assertively, understand social cues and body language, and focus in on using empowering language.view all events








540 south 1st street
milwaukee, wi 53204-1605
414-291-7520 (v/relay)
 
independence first is a 501(c)(3) non-profit.
join our e-newsletter!
get the latest news and updates with the friends of independence first email newsletter.
 
subscribe now


 
 
 
 
 




privacy policysite mapterms of useaccessibility statement





            © 2024 independencefirst. the resource for people with disabilities. all rights reserved.
        

this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.







