






























home page | florida crystals







      skip to main content
    


















our story

 roc™ farming owl program meet our  farmers
buy products


recipes

breads & muffins cakes & cupcakes cookies brownies & bars


baking tips














































products

organic raw cane sugar organic light brown sugar organic powdered sugar turbinado cane sugar


buy online





































































our story

 roc™ farming owl program meet our  farmers


recipes

breads & muffins cakes & cupcakes cookies brownies & bars


baking tips



products

organic raw cane sugar organic light brown sugar organic powdered sugar turbinado cane sugar


buy online
























farming to help save the planet
florida crystals® is the first and only grower of roc™ sugarcane in the u.s., cultivating a thriving planet for generations to come.

see the impact















recipes
easy and delicious recipes









3-ingredient peanut butter cookies








cookies and cream bars








mini skillet chocolate chip cookie








one-bowl vegan brownies








flourless chocolate cake








organic chocolate fondue








mini red velvet sandwich cookies
























#bakewithease
your stress-free guide to baking success
getting started with baking can feel challenging, but we've gathered essential tips to make your baking adventure simple, fun, and stress-free.

avoid these baking mistakes
bake organic
find a store near me
rice that’s regenerative organic certified®















products
homegrown sweetness from our family-owned farms









florida crystals® regenerative organic raw cane sugar

learn more
buy at walmart









florida crystals® regenerative organic light brown sugar

learn more
buy at walmart









florida crystals® regenerative organic powdered sugar

learn more
buy at walmart









florida crystals® turbinado cane sugar

learn more
buy at walmart




see more












































taste honest to goodness sugar™


free of gmos 


line of regenerative organic certified® baking sugars


kind to you, the planet & your wallet


mill-made, unrefined authentic flavor


grown & harvested in the u.s. 


full-transparency from farm to mill to pack













need some help?
we’ve got your answers




why is florida crystals® different?
our regenerative organic sugars are the only ones grown and harvested in the u.s. we make them from organic sugarcane that we grow and mill on our farms, having full transparency in every step of our sugarcane’s journey. 




does florida crystals® have any certifications? 
all our sugars are non-gmo project verified, vegan action certified and kosher. on top of those certifications, our regenerative organic sugars are also usda organic certified and regenerative organic certified®. our third party certifications provide you with that extra layer of trust on our honest to goodness sugar™. all florida crystals® sugars are also gluten-free.




what sugar is best for my baking?
our regenerative organic raw cane sugar is perfect for your all-purpose needs and can be substituted cup for-cup anywhere a recipe calls for it. our regenerative organic light brown sugar is ideal to build depth of flavor and moist in your baking (a.k.a. chewy chocolate chip cookies, anyone?) and our regenerative organic powdered sugar is your best ally to make frostings and icings. 
to sweeten your hot coffee or tea, our turbinado cane sugar is the go-to-choice. 
 

learn more



do you farm regeneratively?
absolutely! our passion for growing sugarcane has been passed from generation to generation and we’re ensuring the next chapter is just as successful. 
we’re proud to be the first and only grower of regenerative organic certified® (roc™) sugarcane in the united states. roc™ is the highest standard of organic agriculture and one of the ways we show our commitment to better farming.
 

learn more



how does your price compare to others?
being sustainably homegrown and having full ownership of our farming and milling practices means we can bring you our delicious, organic sugars at a price that feels right.
by creating our organic fertilizers, generating renewable energy from sugarcane fiber, and of course - growing our sugarcane right there in the u.s - we maximize our resources so you can give your family top-quality without breaking the bank.
 




where can i find it?
find our honest to goodness sugar™ at your nearest store.  whether you shop at walmart, publix, or kroger you can find our top quality sugars at a price that feels right during your next shopping trip, no matter where you are.

find store



are florida crystals® sugars processed in a facility that handles allergens?
all of our sugars come from our sugarcane mill that does not handle any of the 9 major allergens identified by the fda. that makes florida crystals® raw cane sugars a sweet addition to any of your (allergen-free) recipes.

learn more


















a true farming story we’re proud to tell
behind lush farms of regenerative organic sugarcane, lies our story. one that tells the tale of true farming and an unwavering passion for doing good. harvesting homegrown sweetness that’s as sustaining for you as it is for the environment.

our storyread more








florida crystals farm tour
sam from frosting and fettuccine walks you through an exclusive florida crystals farm tour. we’re the only organic grower of sugarcane in the u.s. and committed to meet the  regenerative organic certified® farming standards. see for yourself! plus, get a close-up view of our amazing owls.

click to tourlet's go















our regenerative organic certified® pillars
read more




 increase biodiversity


 improve soil health


 upcycle by-products


 no synthetic chemicals


 conserve water













trending
as seen on instagram!









vegan owl sugar cookies

@the_bananadiaries


hoot hoot










flourless peanut butter blossoms

@wholesomelysophia


indulge










compost cookies

@plantbasedblonde


bake a batch










lemon macadamia white chocolate cookies

@sugaredandstirred


make it







our partners
read more















close






download recipe calendar
sign-up to receive a recipe calendar along with baking tips, giveaways, discounts, special offers, and more.



email address



first name



state
- none -alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming


what recipes are you interested in?

vegan



gluten-free



dairy-free



organic











this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.







leave this field blank




































our story
 regenerative organic, farmer stories, owls



buy online
 find a store, buy at walmart



contact us
 foodservice products, specialty ingredients, sales info



corporate
 careers












sitemap
legal
privacy
term & conditions
document downloads



©2025 florida crystals corporation. all rights reserved























