

north georgia cabin rentals | mountain river cabins | blue ridge, ga










 





 
 








































































 











[home]
[cabins] [photos] [things 
    to do] [rates/policies] [reservations]
[directions]
mountain 
    river cabins, l.l.c.
    owner/manager - john orr
    (678)429-8741
    e-mail - john@mountainrivercabins.com
    mailing address only - 1530 wood valley drive, marietta, ga 30066 (cabins 
    are in blue ridge, ga area)
member - fannin county 
    chamber of commerce


thanks for considering 
    our north georgia cabin rentals.


georgia cabin rentals |
	
	ga cabin rentals | cabins for rent 
	in georgia | 
 north georgia cabins |  
    ga cabins |  rental 
    cabins georgia | links





no 
  cleaning fee

mountain river cabins has 
  your dream north georgia cabin waiting for an unforgettable vacation 
  in the beautiful mountains near the charming town of blue ridge. our two upscale 
  cabins each have fantastic water and mountain views and frontage on the water. 
  both have outdoor hot tubs and game rooms with pool tables. find 
  out for yourself what our many loyal repeat guests have discovered about our 
   cabin rentals--first-class lodge style cabins, maintained with loving 
  care, that provide the ultimate relaxing environment for escaping the hustle 
  and bustle of city life.

  whitewater overlook is perched above fightingtown creek, a premier trout stream, 
  and has a year-round mountain view. lake escape is a large, lakefront cabin 
  with a wall of windows facing lake nottely, a huge mountain lake with over 106 
  miles of shoreline. blue ridge, ga. is an easy, scenic 90-minute drive north 
  of atlanta by freeway and four-lane parkway. 

  come spend a weekend or longer in one of our cabins and feel the cares of everyday 
  life slip away. relax and take in the spectacular view from the deck while a 
  hawk makes lazy circles above you. 
  follow a great blue heron as it skims along the creek (whitewater overlook) 
  or take a summer swim in the lake just down the path (lake escape). at night, 
  pop in a dvd or blu-ray and enjoy a movie in front of the fire. if you can tear 
  yourself away from all that relaxing, there are plenty of things to do in the 
  area, including all kinds of lake and river water sports, hiking, mountain biking, 
  antique and crafts shopping, railway excursions, scenic drives, and golf. the 
  national forest recreation area at morganton point is less than ten minutes 
  from downtown blue ridge and offers swimming, a white sand beach, picnic areas, 
  a bath house, and a boat ramp. hike around lake blue ridge through the chattahoochee 
  national forest. whitewater overlook is only 15-20 minutes from several ocoee 
  river outfitters, where you can book an adrenaline-pumping whitewater rafting 
  adventure on the same course used for the 1996 olympic whitewater competition. 
  lake escape has a beautiful 4180-acre mountain lake at its doorstep. there is 
  abundant wildlife in the blue ridge area, including black bear, whitetail deer, 
  and wild turkey. our cabins offer peace and quiet and cool mountain breezes, 
  but are only 10-20 minutes from the shops and restaurants in blue ridge. our 
  georgia cabins are available for rental year-round. each season has its own 
  unique beauty: dogwoods, mountain laurel, and rhododendron in the spring; the 
  deep blues of the lake or creek and dark greens of the trees in the summer; 
  a vast sea of hardwoods that are on fire with color in the fall; and, if you're 
  lucky, a white blanket of snow in the winter. 

  click on the availability calendars symbol on the left side of any page on this 
  site to see which dates are open at each cabin. click on the reservations button 
  to book a cabin or to get more information. we hope you will make one of our 
  north georgia cabins your second home in the mountains and will return 
  again and again. please bookmark our site and come back often. be sure to check 
  out the mountain river cabins facebook 
  page, post your comments there, and become a fan by clicking like on our page. 
  also, follow us on twitter 
  for the latest special discounts and other valuable information. thank you for 
  considering north georgia cabin rentals from mountain 
  river cabins.

 


all 
        cabins have been sold





