











	san bernardino county medical society > home





















skip to main content





















join


renew



login














































advocacy
advocacy
house of delegates
legislative hotlist
micra
donate


programs
inland wellness information network
medical reserve corps
physicians' memorial gift & benevolence fund
school nurse physician collaborative
southern california medical museum




membership
why join
member benefits
become a member
renew membership
my account
volunteer


get help
physician finder
job board
business partners
practice management tools
billing assistance
legal resources


news & events
covid-19
sbcms news/media
events
on demand webinars


partners
proassurance
lockton affinity
business partners






search button

























button





















our mission
the san bernardino county medical society mission is to promote the science and art of medicine, care and well-being of patients, protection of public health, betterment of the medical profession and equitable access to care. 



































































































































cma news






year-end reporting annual requirement due march 14
 by friday, march 14, 2025, all cma-accredited providers must complete their 2024 annual reporting requirements. 



register now for 2025 cma cme provider conference and accreditation workshop
 cma is pleased to announce that registration is open for the cme accreditation workshop on june 26, 2025, and the annual cme provider conference on june 27. 



take the clc/ib 2025 temperature check survey
 the cultural and linguistic competency and implicit bias (clc/ib) temperature check survey for 2024 is now live and open until february 28, 2025. 



view more cma news













upcoming events



feb 18, 2025webinar: bcbs provider antitrust settlementhosted by cmafeb 19, 2025population health webinar series: staffing 101 - advancing toward team-based care12:15 pm - 12:45 pm | free to attendfeb 26, 2025annual high desert meetingrsvp today!view more events










































current initiatives







legislative hotlist
cma-sponsored bills and progress of significant legislation.
view











hod resolutions
submit and vote on policies through cma's year-round resolutions process.
view











loan repayment available
click here to learn more about calhealthcares.
view











sbcms programs
get involved with sbcms programs.
view




















sign up here for sbcms e-newsletter!

sign up













member spotlight



dr. ramendeep singh, board certified in family medicine, started practicing at choice medical group after graduating from the prestigious family medicine residency program at the university of alabama in huntsville. previously, she graduated from the american university of antigua college of medicine in 2012. she is a tireless and committed  provider and a true asset to the clinical faculty. she graduated with high honors and was recognized by her program a compassionate, dedicated and “natural” family physician. she joined choice medical group and was assigned to one of the most populated rural areas with complex patients. she immediately began a large patient flow and was able to manage the flow with no problems. dr. singh has managed working countless hours and has dedicated herself to providing the best patient care she can possibly give to her patients. she has gone above and beyond and will one way or another find the answer behind the issue. she also has an extensive geratric panel that love her and the care that she provides. her dedication towards her patients is further supported by her leadership skills and advocacy for preventive medicine.  she is a member of the compliance committee and the physician burnout prevention committee with choice and currently serves as an alternate delegate to cma’s district ii to the house of delegates through sbcms.
ramendeep singh, md
sbcms and cma member
















not an sbcms/cma member?
join 44,000 physicians making a direct impact on health care policy.

join sbcms























































about us




vision & mission
leadership
committees
staff
donate
advertise










follow us





 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
 instagram
 flickr











contact us




san bernardino county
medical society
1859 w. redlands blvd.
redlands, ca 92373
phone: (909) 273-6000
fax: (909) 335-4800
email: admin@sbcms.org


















©
copyright (c) 2025 san bernardino county medical society
terms of use
privacy statement
site by mayaco

















