



ship loaders and unloaders manufacturer, agri-bulk handling - vigan




















en

fr
es



home
news
contact


solutions


bulk materials handling systems
unloaders
loaders
terminals


company
strengths
cases studies






vigan engineering sa
rue de l’industrie, 16 1400 nivelles - belgium 
+32 67 89 50 41
info@vigan.com










ship unloaders and loaders
your partner in agri-bulk handling
vigan is a worldwide leader and belgian manufacturer of pneumatic, continuous ship unloaders and ship loaders. our company provides a complete range of mechanical and pneumatic transfer solutions for bulk.












newsflash
vigan: innovation is a main driver - spring 2023




solutions
we manufacture bulk materials handling systems









solution unloaders
vigan designs and manufactures pneumatic and mechanical unloaders for port handling equipment from grain pumps to barge unloaders, niv's and simporters.






solution loaders
designed for almost any kind of products in bulk, vigan loaders are suitable for all size of barges or vessels. check our different ship loading systems.






solution terminals
vigan skills include complete turnkey projects for port terminals including continuous ship unloaders and loaders, storage facilities and bagging operations.


















strengths
vigan provides flexible solutions to worldwide customers
vigan has a completely integrated process of design, production and assembling. everything is made in-house and the teams assembling the machines on-site are also those who built them in our factory! we propose our customers efficient machines that operate in a reliable way and with low maintenance costs, even in heavy duty conditions.





worldwide leader in bulk cargo handling we are at your service



references
1500 machines all over the world
vigan pneumatic and mechanical systems for bulk handling and storage products are placed in multiple ports located around the world.










among vigan customers




















about us
vigan manufactures a complete range of pneumatic and mechanical conveying systems for products in bulk and also vigan manages complete turnkey projects.
based in nivelles - belgium, with 1500 machines all over the world and more than 55 years of experience, vigan excellence is recognized by hundreds of international references.
as an affiliate company from the van de wiele group, with more than 3700 workers and employees in more than 10 different countries, vigan is a most reliable partner in your project ideas to their full completion and for your total satisfaction thanks to its service excellence and equipment performances. read more











vigan engineering sa
rue de l’industrie, 16 1400 nivelles - belgium


contact
phone : +32 67 89 50 41
			fax : +32 67 89 50 60
			e-mail : info@vigan.com


solutions
company
strengths
cases studies

contact us






be0406.971.418
sitemap
legal notice
cookies











this website uses cookies
we use cookies to ensure proper operations of the website, you can read our legal notice and our privacy policy to know more.

accept cookies
manage cookies













