








mu fire and rescue training institute (frti) | mu extension





























skip to navigation
skip to content







tactical menu


people


counties


news






search


search

















 












menu






            topics
            



            programs
            



            online courses
            



            events
            



            publications
            



            products/services
            



            missouri 4-h
            









breadcrumb


home


programs


mu fire and rescue training institute (frti)






















mu fire and rescue training institute

winter fire school registration
















when responding to a fire, rescue, hazardous materials incident, or other emergency event, emergency responders rely on the unsurpassed expertise and technical hands-on training they receive from our programs. we focus on providing effective, standards-based, quality training and education to fire and emergency service professionals. we help enable them to make a significant impact on the protection of lives and property of the citizens in our communities. mu frti provides:
training for life!





video tour




remote video url










the university of missouri fire and rescue training institute is a premier unit of mu extension and provides comprehensive cognitive education and manipulative skills training for missouri’s fire and emergency service responders.








subscribe to the university of missouri fire and rescue training institute newsletter

 
the university of missouri fire and rescue training institute newsletter may include the following: information related directly to activities within mu frti, information on a national level that we feel is significant to the emergency response community, updates on open enrollment classes offered by mu frti, and special announcements based upon significant events. subscribers should anticipate messages an average of four times a month.
           
email* 
first name 
last name 
organization 
county please selectnot a missouri residentadairandrewatchisonaudrainbarrybartonbatesbentonbollingerboonebuchananbutlercaldwellcallawaycamdencape girardeaucarrollcartercasscedarcharitonchristianclarkclayclintoncolecoopercrawforddadedallasdaviessdekalbdentdouglasdunklinfranklingasconadegentrygreenegrundyharrisonhenryhickoryholthowardhowellironjacksonjasperjeffersonjohnsonknoxlacledelafayettelawrencelewislincolnlinnlivingstonmcdonaldmaconmadisonmariesmarionmercermillermississippimoniteaumonroemontgomerymorgannew madridnewtonnodawayoregonosageozarkpemiscotperrypettisphelpspikeplattepolkpulaskiputnamrallsrandolphrayreynoldsripleyst. charlesst. clairste. genevievest. francoisst. louisst. louis citysalineschuylerscotlandscottshannonshelbystoddardstonesullivantaneytexasvernonwarrenwashingtonwaynewebsterworthwright
state 
mutual aid region please selectabcdefghiall regions 
 i understand that i will receive periodic newsletters with information about mu frti activities and learning opportunities.

*required field














mu fire and rescue training institute (frti)






about us



faculty and staff



fire officer certificate program



training



aircraft rescue and fire fighting



annual events



request a class or topic for fire school



testimonials



faq



publications






mu frti help


email us


course catalog


training schedule


transcript request (pdf)














events and online courses







image
 




principles of fire prevention & protection services (co24106)





image
 




july 1, 2024
 - 

hazardous materials and weapons of mass destruction incident response awareness





image
 




july 10, 2024
 - october 12, 2024
company officer strategies and tactics (co25101)







image
 




january 20, 2025
 - march 31, 2025
fire service science co25105






events online courses















news







image
 




heatstroke can kill quickly in hot carsjune 14, 2024





image
 




vr enhances fire and rescue trainingaugust 15, 2023




wind, drought contribute to fires at harvestnovember 16, 2022






former frti directors honored by national fire heritage centeraugust 10, 2022







  more news
















resources






mu fire and rescue training institute annual report 2024 (pdf)





mu fire and rescue training institute annual report 2023 (pdf)





mu fire and rescue training institute annual report 2003 (pdf)







mu fire and rescue training institute annual report 2004 (pdf)








  more resources
















image
 





get your gear


shop for apparel and more


shop for training materials









image
 





keep your skills sharp


register for currently scheduled mu frti training









image
 





schedule training


see the full list of mu frti trainings your department can request

















location_on
2800 maguire blvd apt c1columbia, mo 65211-8200




phone

573-882-4735
800-869-3476





 message us




visit our website






location_on


















pagination



next page
next ›

























mu logo
university of missouri



connect with mu extension




use our contact form
find a specialist
find an office near you
donate


about us
careers
equal opportunity/ada institution
español




for employees
extension councils
noncredit conversion policy
permissions policy


return/refund policies
shipping policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions














mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.








© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy



















