













box  lt mo horse ranch; morabs, goats, publishing, candid commentary




welcome 
to our
box
    lt ranch
and
    the services of
katy
    & ted luedke
193 
	grand mesaozark, mo 
	65721phone: 417-485-0557

household & equipment
	for sale  click


 for more details  
	send email 
scroll down to check out all of our services.
      click on a link in each area for details.
    if coming from another site, click here
    for direct access.
a veteran -
	whether active duty, retired, national guard or reserve - is someone who, at 
	one point in their life, wrote a blank check made payable to "the united 
	states of america", for an amount of "up to and including my life." - that 
	is honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer 
	understand it."   semper fi  
"the world is a dangerous 
	place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on 
	and do nothing."  einstein




ozark mo home


 


old ava, mo ranch





ozark mo home - what a view to the sw, w and nw 


travels
  of katy & ted




we are moving into a 
		later phase of our lives, traveling and seeing this great country of 
		ours.  this part of our web site is mostly for family and friends, 
		but for any one interested in seeing the usa, up close and personal.  
		follow along as we travel with our 5th wheeler.
 
road


  

 

breeding the 
	morab horse
 
 
we bred champion morab horses for 
	22 
	years.  the morab makes a strong stead saddle horse for the show ring, 
	cross country racing, endurance racing, the show circuit, hunter/jumper or 
	in hand.
our breeding goal was 15 hand 
	endurance mounts and the pinto color markings. owners still compete in the 
	aerc rides on box lt morabs today.
 
we sold our breeding stallions 
	and mares in 2008 and are no longer in the business.
(picture: blt gentle blaze afire @2)
 
 


breeding the fainting goat

 
we bred fainting goats for 10 
	years.  the tennessee fainting goat is a wonderful family and 
	production goat.  our stock were the best 'fainter's' you could find.  
	while we are retiring and no longer have any goats, we do have a favorite friend and neighbor who is 
	still breeding them from our original stock.
 
 
we no longer have any fainting goats.
 

 
publishing

we write, publish and distribute books,
  literature, magazine articles, marketing material, web sites and enews and also produce
  "candid commentary"; 
 
publishing
 
 
 
 
candid commentary
  ted's blog
blending history, stories & today's events ... that lead to tomorrow.
  saving the usa!  terrorism, military, government, illegal immigration.
  life, liberty & the pursuit of happiness as we once new it!
click
  here
 

 


 


katy's kreations
 
 
 
 
katy is a very creative and talented
  crafter.  she has great contacts for custom cleaned and carted wool and 
	raw materials.  katy spins just about
  any natural fiber and knits special kreations.  check out her kreations.
kreations
 
 
 
 
 

 
marines speak out
having served in the
  marines and deeply concerned about my young brothers, i have this section of quotes and articles
  from or about marines with some political and civil overtones.  as gunny g says,
  "... stockpile of collected, little-known, controversial, or even denied facts. it is
  not for all, and some people just can't handle the truth from the troops. suggest you take what you can
  bear, and pass by the rest; otherwise, move on there's nothing here for you to see."
.   leathernecks
 
only two defining
  forces
have ever offered to die for you
jesus christ and the
  american g.i.
one died for your soul;
          
the other
  died for your freedom.
 
 


ozark home
 
we moved from ava, mo, about 30 
	miles to ozark, mo in april 2008.  we left a 120 acre horse breeding 
	ranch i had dreamed of all my life.  in the ten years we were there we 
	continued to 
	build and run our morab breeding program and enjoyed the most picture 
	perfect place we could have imagined.  it became more than we could 
	maintain as we closed in on 70 years of age so we needed to move to our next 
	phase of life.  hitting the rv life but also moving.
our ozark home was built in 
	late fall 2007 as one of 9 lots on a prior 40 acres pasture, and it is said 
	we are at the highest point in the county.
ozark
 
 

 

winter texas home
 
we bought a lot in southern 
	oaks luxury rv park, aransas pass, texas in winter 2010.  we had looked 
	at this park as it developed the past 3 years and decided it was time,  
	this gives us a spot of our own to head for each winter and great neighbors 
	that we already like and have fun with.  the lot backs against a small 
	lagoon that separates us from the golf course.
the park is hundreds of acres 
	and sports a bundle of activities and other rv developments - one of its kind 
	in this part of texas.  we are lot 17 ... check out the park at,
southern oaks 
 
check out our place on the 
	texas gulf, just south of corpus christi.    

aransas pass
 
 

  
 

katy & ted - box lt ranch
193 grand mesa dr
ozark, mo 65721
katy cell 417-250-0027
ted
cell 417-250-0026
send
e-mail


first copyright 2004; all rights reserved by the box lt ranch and
blt publishing

created : 10/26/2006.   update : 6/18/2011


    katy kreations    
rv on the road   
ozark home
     
 
      marines
speak out     publishing    
sales
ava ranch info    favorite links     
texas home

leave the site for these marine sites
(but come back please):   
marine corps league national       
mcl springfield, mo

 together we served - 
marines only



