



 
		icpc - home	


 



 



 



























  

















 

 





 

























 






















homeadvocacy & supportwhy chaplaincy?what chaplains dohow to become a chaplainstart or manage a chaplaincyicpc's global reachhow to support icpccurrent &  future memberswhat is icpc?why should i join icpc?how can i join icpc?icpc member credentialingicpc member recognitionicpc member portallearning & developmentbasic training for chaplainsliaison officer trainingannual training seminarregional training seminarsnews & viewspresident's messagebest practices in chaplaincycurrent issues & perspectiveschaplains in the newsicpc newsofficer & chaplain memorialscontact info & morehow to contact icpcicpc leadershipicpc auxiliaryexhibitor policypayment options & refundsirs 501(c)(3) disclosureswebsite privacy notice







 













 




















 
the international conference of police chaplains
the world's leading membership, training, and advocacy association for law enforcement chaplaincy


 


chaplaincy offers the most impactful support available to law enforcement professionals. the international conference of police chaplains (icpc) continues to raise the standard for training and supporting chaplains while we maintain an intentional focus on moral excellence, cutting-edge training, and effective communications to encourage every law enforcement agency to establish and maintain a powerful chaplaincy. we welcome you to explore what it means to be a chaplain and how you can join with other chaplains as we learn and grow together.


the international conference of police chaplains
the world's leading membership, training, and advocacy association for law enforcement chaplaincy


 


chaplaincy offers the most impactful support available to law enforcement professionals. the international conference of police chaplains (icpc) continues to raise the standard for training and supporting chaplains while we maintain an intentional focus on moral excellence, cutting-edge training, and effective communications to encourage every law enforcement agency to establish and maintain a powerful chaplaincy. we welcome you to explore what it means to be a chaplain and how you can join with other chaplains as we learn and grow together.









 












 






 

















does your agency need to address resiliency issues?












 









 










 






 

















do you manage your agency's chaplaincy?












 









 










 






 

















want to become a law enforcement chaplain?












 









 










 






 

















ready to grow your skills as a chaplain?












 









 













 









upcoming training











enroll in a regional training seminar or the annual training seminar to continue to develop the knowledge and skills you need to serve effectively as a law enforcement chaplain.








 



 














 























 









 







contact the peer support hotline


make a financial contribution to icpc


how to join icpc


website privacy notice


irs form w-9 for icpc













 














the international conference of police chaplains



373 e val vista blvd, casa grande, az 85122








 















 










 



powered by bloqs

































