



















refineries | what we do | bp america


































site traffic information and cookies
we use cookies to collect and analyse information on our site's performance and to enable the site to function. cookies also allow us and our partners to show you relevant ads when you visit our site and other 3rd party websites, including social networks. you can choose to allow all cookies by clicking ‘allow all’ or manage them individually by clicking ‘manage cookie preferences,’ where you will also find more information.



allow all
reject all

manage cookie preferences














bp global







worldwide










search


search










suggestions


                                    view all results
                                    



















united states



                
                    gbp
                    

                ()
                


                
                    usd
                    

                ()*
                


                    share price unavailable
                



previous




menu
back





            production & operations
            
        



            bpx energy
            
        



            gulf of america
            
        



            refineries
            
        





home





            products and services
            
                




            who we are
            
                




            what we do
            
                




            where we operate
            
                




            community
            
                




            news & stories
            
                




            careers
            
        






bp global







worldwide





next







find a gas station





contact us






                
                    gbp
                    

                (loading)
                


                
                    usd
                    

                (loading)*
                


                    share price unavailable
                








close overlay



search

















suggestions


                                view all results
                                













home 





what we do 





production & operations 




refineries





main content







refineries


producing american energy for everyday life






















bp’s cherry point refinery turns feedstock into renewable diesel fuel 

bp is aiming to boost biofuel production to nearly 50,000 barrels per day globally, by 2025 and cherry point refinery is one of the most dynamic places where work toward this aim is taking shape.




learn how












bp operates refineries in cherry point, washington and whiting, indiana, playing a key role in powering regional transportation networks.







                    download the refineries fact sheet
                
























providing the us with the energy it needs
our us refineries represent about 40% of bp’s global refining capacity, producing the energy people need for everyday life. to deliver it safely, we use technology to reduce risks, like deploying drones instead of people to carry out inspections. 






a snapshot of bp’s us investment

130,000+ jobs supported across in, il and wa
~700,000 barrels of crude oil refining capacity each day in the us
~40 percent of bp’s global refining capacity is here in the us


























learn more

















                    
                    
                        news
                        


read the latest refinery news












                    
                    
                        us impact report
                        


learn how we're investing in america












                    
                    
                        the advocacy hub
                        


see how we're advocating for net zero
















explore our cherry point and whiting refineries













cherry point

located in blaine, washington, bp’s cherry point is the largest refinery in the pacific northwest. it was the first refinery in the northwest capable of co-processing renewable diesel from biomass-based feedstocks. this fuel is chemically identical to petroleum diesel but has a lower carbon footprint.
 
cherry point can process approximately 250,000 barrels of crude oil per day. it’s the largest supplier of jet fuel to the seattle, portland and vancouver international airports, and is also a significant supplier of anode-grade calcined coke to the world’s aluminum industry.
 
recent improvements include the start-up of a new vacuum tower in the hydrocracker – the “heart” of the refinery where heavy gas oils are subjected to high temperatures and pressure in the presence of hydrogen to produce gasoline and jet fuel. the improvements enable this process while saving energy and reducing carbon dioxide emissions. the refinery also installed a new cooling tower and related infrastructure, which will enable more efficient cooling of process water.







                    download the washington fact sheet
                














































whiting
about 17 miles southeast of downtown chicago, in northwest indiana, stands bp’s whiting refinery. 
 
it is the largest in the midwest and bp’s largest anywhere in the world—making significant contributions to the region’s transportation network. able to process around 440,000 barrels of crude oil every day, whiting produces a wide range of transportation fuels.
 
investing in the local community is important to whiting, including supporting science, technology, engineering and math education programs, planting trees and sponsoring community events. it also means that the refinery is taking steps to hire more diverse and local employees. whiting held its first-ever community night in june 2024, where refinery leadership led a panel discussion giving residents an overview of the refinery, its economic impact and commitment to the community.







                    learn more about whiting refinery
                









                    download the indiana fact sheet
                





























explore






                    
                    
                        what we do
                        












                    
                    
                        where we operate
                        












                    
                    
                        who we are
                        



















bp america
copyright © 1996-2025




                                    legal notice
                                



                                    privacy statement
                                



                                    contact us
                                



                                    sitemap
                                



                                    cookie preferences
                                



                                    california disclosures
                                



                                    faqs
                                



                                    terms and conditions
                                



                                    do not sell or share my personal information
                                


connect with us on:




























disclaimer
market data delayed by 20 minutes. delivered by investis.











