

acne help: save your skin from acne











 

 
 
 



 

acne: how it affected me
acne is a horrible disease: i know, i suffered from 
  it for 25 years. it was bad during my teenage years, but got better during my 
  twenties and stayed "mild" with breakouts till i got it cured with the powerful 
  drug known as accutane/roaccutane.
i don't wish acne on anyone: it causes psychological 
  damage. but you know that, or you wouldn't be here.
my advice on acne is on this site. it comes from my 
  experience or that of other sufferers, and medical publications. it is as truthful 
  as i can make it. 
sos acne: my ebook about all aspects of acne latest 
  version 2
i have put down my experiences in an ebook, sos 
  acne, which covers all the basics about acne, 
  and what treatment you can get from your doctor, including accutane/roaccutane 
  which details the benefits and side effects, and how you can minimise the 
  latter. it has been fully updated and much more information 
  added.
find out more about sos acne by clicking here





 
 
 


















dr danby finds correlation between dairy and acne
in a recent study published in the prestigious dermatology 
              journal, dr danby has found a correlation between dairy products 
              and acne. read more...
sos acne version 2:
new, improved, extended! click 
              here to find out more.
pressure group attempts to have roaccutane banned 
              in the uk
an unelected group called the roaccutane action group 
              is trying to stop doctors prescribing roaccutane.
read more
 
dairy products and acne, 
              
              by dr f.w. danby.
a dermatologist outlines the possible diary product 
              connection.
update
acne scar support group
a new group setup to be positive about what you can 
              do about scarring.click here to read 
              more



 
 
 
 












acne: the basics
this page takes you through 
                the basics of acne







acne: the myths
here i talk about common myths and preconceptions 
                about this problem
 







acne: treatment from your doctor
acne is now recognised as a medical condition, 
                not a "phase you're going through".
 







sos acne: save your skin
a commonsense guide to acne treatments







this is my 65 page booklet about acne, 
                and what to do about it. only valuable information validated by 
                myself, fellow sufferers, or the medical profession, is included. 
                this is the updated version 2. it costs gbpounds 7.50.
testimonials



 








contact
  e-mail:anti-spam: 
  we only reply to genuine sufferers/friends/relatives

 











 

basics|myths|treatment|sos 
  acne|update|links



 
this site is copyright david collins 2004. 
  although every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this site, the 
  author admits no liability for errors or omissions. all trademarks are acknowledged. 
  this site is for your information only and is no substitute for proper medical 
  treatment of your condition.


