




  



















            long dog leashes & collars - lead ropes - dock lines | soft lines, inc.
    

















































dealer login




dealer portal







account








toggle navigation



























account








 dogs




dogs




snap leashes




slip leashes




martingale leashes




floating swim leashes




nylon mesh storage and drying bag




double handle safety dog leashes




hands free dog leashes for jogging and training




splitter leashes for two dogs




add on "2 dog coupler" for leashes




dog grooming supplies




double handle safety dog leashes






 horse




horse




lead rope




roping reins




split reins




trailer ties




miniature horse and pony lead ropes






 boats




boats




floating dock lines




floating fender lines




floating anchor lines




floating boat launch lines




floating dock locator lines




fishing rod and reel safety lines




nylon mesh storage and drying bags






 wholesale




wholesale




customize your dog leashes




customize your horse leads




customize your boat dock lines






the good walker
















welcome to soft lines inc!









welcome to soft lines inc!











leashes and lines




boats



dogs



horses


 








double handled  leashes



floating dog  leashes


 







 
  why soft lines?


soft lines, inc. is located in ashland, wisconsin on the shores of lake superior. we manufacture dog leashes and collars, long dog leashes, horse lead ropes, boat dock lines and many other products for the canine, fishing and hunting markets. using soft multifilament polypropylene rope in a variety of colors and diameters we custom manufacture the product to your specifications. we try to meet the needs of each market by offering a wide range of product selections and styles. soft lines, inc. is located in ashland, wisconsin on the shores of lake superior. 



read more » 
 

 




testimonials






bernie postle
toby and piper are registered therapy dogs.  on wednesday they go to the local grade school and do the r.e.a.d (reading education assistance dogs) program.  toby wears a softlines martingale and piper a softlines mini-harness walker.





mary
mimi was rescued from st. charles animal control (outside st. louis, mo) with only 25 minutes to spare before she was going to be transferred and euthanized.  she is an amazing, water-adoring dog waiting for her forever home.  her rescue is meacham's mutts (a foster-based rescue out of st. louis).  i'm her enrichment buddy. i can't tell you how much joy being in the water brought to mimi. 





mike learner
thanks again, great job on the 2 foot leash for stanley. he was the ring bearer and he did an excellent job. the kids decided to retire the leash as a keep-sake from the wedding. again, great job. next year i’ll be going for 4 new dock lines for the boat (can’t afford them after this wedding).







 










 715.682.3774
 mon - sun 9:00 - 8:00 pm pst
 



                          422 third street west                                                    ashland, wi 54806




















categories



dogs




horse




boats




wholesale




the good walker





links

become a dealercontact usdealer logindealer portalfaqprivacyprivacy policy



company

contact ussite mapabout us


























copyright © 2025 soft lines inc.. all rights reserved.
powered by web shop manager.








×

sign in or create an account







email




password

forgot password?








close







 




