












home | chamber music america







































 







 




















join/renew membership
donate today
member log in 



membershipmembershipget to know our diverse community of ensemble music professionals and learn about the many benefits of cma membership. 

member directory
become a member
member log-in
opportunities

our workour workfind information on cma’s programs, funding opportunities, and our annual conference.

grants & awards
national conference
chamber music magazine
community engagement
cma news

2025 national conference
about cmaabout cmalearn the story of cma—past, present, and beyond—and meet the people that make our programs possible.

our story
our impact
our team
a message from our board chair

support cmasupport cmacma is supported, in large part, by contributions from people like you. learn how to get involved.  

donate today
see other ways to give

 












strengthening the small ensemble music communitychamber music america develops and supports an evolving chamber music field through grant programs, professional development services, publications, networking events, an annual conference, and more.


    join today
     


members of cma grantee ensemble, edward simon & afinidad perform at cma concert, national sawdust 2017 / photo: cma



what we offer cma’s programs serve ensembles, concert presenters, composers, chamber music advocates, and industry professionals working in a wide range of musical traditions, including jazz, classical, contemporary, and non-western styles.
 






national conferencea four-day, multifaceted symposium of music and dialogue, held february 13–16, 2025, in houston, texas.

    learn more
      







grants & awardsfunding opportunities for small ensembles and concert presenters.

    learn more
      







chamber music magazinean essential resource for musicians, presenters, composers, artists managers, educators, and other chamber music enthusiasts.

    learn more
      









become a member
a cma membership connects you to thousands of other small ensemble music professionals. benefits include exclusive funding opportunities, full access to chamber music magazine, discounted conference registration, and more.



    become a member
     

    member directory
     


 metropolitan horn authority / photo: jonathan sugarman






member spotlight
 


        stratøs        

ensemble member since 2022
the recent compositions of stratøs (a name that encompasses the artistic endeavors of eddie codrington) have netted him the herb alpert young jazz composer award for three consecutive years (2019-21), as well as a national sawdust new works commission in 2020.

        learn more         












our impact
cma’s programs and services reach thousands of musicians, concert presenters, industry professionals, and chamber music enthusiasts every year. a leading voice in equity, diversity, and inclusion in the arts, we distributed nearly $1.3 million in funding in the last fiscal year.

    learn more
     


heartland marimba / photo courtesy of the artist
 






news & resources
articles, press releases, how-to content, and more
in the news



 

    blog |     january 7, 2025  



        5 can’t miss happenings at this year’s conference      

cma's conference is getting a lot bigger! this blog explores what not to miss.



      read more    




 

    press release |     january 14, 2025  



        cma awards nearly $500,000 in grant support      

announcing the recipients of chamber music america’s artistic projects and presenter consortium for jazz grants



      read more    




 

    blog |     january 22, 2025  



        meet the grantees: brinae ali      

we caught up with brinae ali to learn about her journey has an artist and her 2024 new jazz works project.



      read more    

 
upcoming deadlines




register for cma's 2025 conference, february 13-16, houston, tx
where festival meets conference, prepare for packed days featuring interactive sessions, peer-to-peer networking, experiential workshops, and more music making than ever. after all, things are just bigger in texas.



    register today
     



02/20/2025
apply to performance plus
chamber music america’s performance plus program recognizes the contributions and diversity of perspectives that u.s.-based gender minorities and women bring to the field of jazz. the program provides grants to u.s.-based gender minority and women-led jazz ensembles to engage an experienced jazz mentor for six sessions with the goal of further developing the ensemble’s performance.



    learn more & apply
     



02/27/2025
apply to new jazz works
since 2000, chamber music america has awarded over 300 original jazz works grants. the new jazz works program provides grants to jazz ensembles based in the u.s., its territories, and indian country supporting the creation, performance, and recording of new jazz works. the new work may be composed by the ensemble leader or a member of the ensemble/collective. 



    learn more & apply
     















p.o. box 22248
brooklyn, ny 11202 
follow us

 


contact us
join our team
privacy policy
land and labor acknowledgement
 

sign up to receive our newsletter





first name 



last name 



email address  *





 


subscribe 





 

site by great believer





 

