













pay.gov - home



















skip to content











processing





click here to continue using this page.













an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know










                                official websites use .gov
                            

                            a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
                        







                                secure .gov websites use https
                            

                            a lock (
                            

lock
a locked padlock



                            ) or https://  means you've safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
                        















menu









browse payments




see all forms




help




about us




pay.gov




accessibility statement




privacy and security




notices and agreements




for agencies











                                        sign in
                                    



















we noticed your internet browser is not supported. please update your browser to ensure your payment is secure.








pay.gov requires the use of cookies. please enable cookies before continuing.


















the secure way to pay u.s. federal government agencies










                    department of veterans affairs
                


                  
            

make a va medical care copayment


did you receive a medical bill statement from the u.s. department of veterans affairs?



                    pay it right here   








                    social security administration
                


                  
            

repay your social security overpayment


did you receive an overpayment notice from the social security administration?



                    pay it right here   








                    united states coast guard
                


                  
            

pay for uscg vessel documentation


do you need to pay renewal fees for your vessel's certificate of documentation or submit a request for abstract of title?



                    pay it right here   








                    defense finance and accounting service
                


                  
            

pay a former military or civilian employee debt


are you a former military member or former federal employee that has to pay a debt to department of defense?



                    pay it right here   








                    internal revenue service
                


                  
            

apply for irs 1023 ez


do you need to apply for a tax exemption under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code?



                    apply right here   








                    treasury: bureau of the fiscal service
                


                  
            

pay an overdue debt to the bureau of the fiscal service


do you want to make a payment toward a federal non-tax debt (not an irs tax debt or student loan debt)?



                    pay it right here   









what would you like to do?


here are some quick searches to help you get started.






pay a medical expense
includes: va, air force medical groups, etc.


            see all options
            









make a loan payment
includes: 1201 borrower, hud, etc.


            see all options
            









pay a fine, violation, or penalty
includes: faa, osha, etc.


            see all options
            









pay a debt
includes: dfas, criminal, etc.


            see all options
            









visit a national park
includes: passes, permits, etc.


            see all options
            









make a donation or contribution
includes: nea, va, etc.


            see all options
            









pay a foia request
includes: dot, sec, etc.


            see all options
            









register for training or a conference
includes: dod, achp, etc.


            see all options
            









use my access code


            get started
            
















return to top






                            accessibility policy
                        



                            privacy and security policy
                        



                            notices and agreements
                        



                            for agencies
                        


*



                            feedback
                        



 









pay.gov 
pay.gov is a program of the u.s. department of the treasury, bureau of the fiscal service







                                    pay.gov support
                                





warning     warning     warning
you have accessed a u.s. government information system, which includes (1) this computer, (2) this network, (3) all computers connected to this network, and (4) all devices and storage media attached to this network or to a computer on this network. u.s. government information systems are provided for the processing of official u.s. government information only. unauthorized or improper use of this information system is prohibited and may subject you to disciplinary action, as well as civil and criminal penalties. all data contained on u.s. government information systems is owned by the u.s. government and may, for the purpose of protecting the rights and property of the u.s. government, be monitored, intercepted, recorded, read, searched, copied, or captured in any manner and disclosed or used for any lawful government purpose at any time. there is no right to privacy in this system. system personnel may give to law enforcement officials any potential evidence of crime found on u.s. government information systems. use of this system by any user, authorized or unauthorized, constitutes your understanding and consent to this monitoring, interception, recording, reading, copying, or capturing and disclosure.
note: this system may contain sensitive but unclassified (sbu) data that requires specific data privacy handling.








                you are about to leave pay.gov and visit an external site. please note the site may have different privacy policies than pay.gov.
            


                    please close your browser when you are done.
                





continue




cancel

















