




kienow family history and heritage




















































kienow family history and heritage







toggle navigation




home



family trees
our stories
photo gallery
news
other resources

downloads
favorite links





 login






 login


 forgot your password?
 register
















recent news



spotlight
general
here's what i know
 

posted by skenow on fri, 21 dec 2018 , 3289 reads







christmas, family style


 it was a lifetime ago when i first found out i was going to be a father. feeling an immeasurable sense of joy, and an equal sense of fear, i knew my journey had just gone down a path i could not turn away from. as gayle and i traveled farther down the path to parenthood, we chose names, redecorated rooms, and started collecting the things necessary for raising a child. anticipation mounted daily. there is nothing so full of hope as the arrival of a new baby. babies are our future, and as long as there are babies, there is hope.




fri, 21 dec 2018 - christmas, family style
thu, 27 oct 2011 - updates from the 2011 kenow family reunion 
thu, 18 aug 2011 - albert and mary smetana kenow family gathering - 2011
wed, 13 jan 2010 - history 101
fri, 25 dec 2009 - merry christmas!







kienowfamily.org

come on in!
you have found your way to the kienow family website. within these pages, you will find various bits of history, heritage and family lore relating to the family kienow. the descendants of kienows fall into 2 main surname spellings - kienow and kenow. there have been other spellings throughout the years, among them keno, keanow, kainow, kaÿnow. there are several branches trying to converge their research and connect their families. each branch has made significant progress in following their ancestors back to a place of origin in pommern, and each continues to reach out to more cousins around the world to share our heritage. perhaps you will find some of your family here, too.
if you're looking for names and dates, start on the family tree page to get linked to the various genealogies on the web. if you're looking for stories about some of the people in the family, go the getting to know us page. the favorites page lists a lot of useful links for more research and history, and the photo gallery lets you know what we look like. or, if you're just trying to find some of the basic facts about our family, visit things you should know. we'd love to hear from you, and we think the refrigerator door is a great place for messages and to leave a note of your own. but, we need some input from you to make it work. there's always something going on in the the workshop, so stop in and pick a project to work on. and, we continue to add and update the site and the door is always open. come back soon!
there are rules for using this web site, and we expect you to honor them. it's all the stuff your parents taught you about good manners. if you need more help with this, see our privacy policy page.








recent links

faribault heritage preservation co... (23 aug 2023)
phpgedview (25 oct 2006)
css, accessibility and standards l... (23 oct 2006)
kreis regenwalde (18 oct 2006)







site info
 

recommend us
 










back to top
kienow family history and heritage


