

city of wahoo








quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation

search for:city of wahoo
quicklinks quicklinkscontact uslake wanahoocalendarfacebookhistorywahoo weather
current conditions as of 15 feb 09:35 am cstlight snow and breezylocation:wahoofeels like:5°humidity:88wind:n 25 mph22°todaysnow likely, mainly before 11am.  patchy blowing snow. cloudy, with a temperature falling to around 15 by 5pm. blustery, with a north wind 22 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 32 mph.  chance of precipitation is 70%. total daytime snow accumulation of 1 to 2 inches possible. tonightpatchy blowing snow before 9pm. mostly cloudy, with a low around 1. wind chill values as low as -14. blustery, with a north northwest wind 14 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph. sundaymostly sunny, with a high near 13. wind chill values as low as -17. north northwest wind 7 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 24 mph. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

sign in linksearch
city of wahoo logo
main navigationtoggle navigationcurrent conditions as of 15 feb 09:35 am cstlight snow and breezylocation:wahoofeels like:5°humidity:88wind:n 25 mph22°todaysnow likely, mainly before 11am.  patchy blowing snow. cloudy, with a temperature falling to around 15 by 5pm. blustery, with a north wind 22 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 32 mph.  chance of precipitation is 70%. total daytime snow accumulation of 1 to 2 inches possible. tonightpatchy blowing snow before 9pm. mostly cloudy, with a low around 1. wind chill values as low as -14. blustery, with a north northwest wind 14 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph. sundaymostly sunny, with a high near 13. wind chill values as low as -17. north northwest wind 7 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 24 mph. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

sign in linksearch
home city governmentcity government 
go to city government...dropdown togglecity government - city council and mayorcity government - go to city council and mayor...city government - city council and mayor - agendas & council minutescity government - city council and mayor - mayorcity government - city council and mayor - members and committeesdropdown togglecity government - financecity government - go to finance...city government - finance - audit reportscity government - finance - budgetcity government - finance - occupation tax reportcity government - finance - tax increment financing reportscity government - maps, studies and reportscity government - park & recreationdropdown togglecity government - policies & informationcity government - go to policies & information...city government - policies & information - fair housingcity government - policies & information - title vi policydropdown togglecity government - what about...?city government - go to what about...?...city government - what about...? - atv, utv, and golf cart regulationscity government - what about...? - chickens, ducks, livestock...city government - what about...? - feescity government - what about...? - fireworkscity government - what about...? - food trucks and mobile food vendorscity government - what about...? - nuisancescity government - what about...? - political signscity government - memberships
 city departmentscity departments 
go to city departments...dropdown togglecity departments - building and inspectioncity departments - go to building and inspection...city departments - building and inspection - informationcity departments - building and inspection - licensescity departments - building and inspection - permitscity departments - building and inspection - new regulations/special requirementsdropdown togglecity departments - cemetery departmentcity departments - go to cemetery department...city departments - cemetery department - cemetery policiesdropdown togglecity departments - fire & rescuecity departments - go to fire & rescue...city departments - fire & rescue - aboutcity departments - fire & rescue - apparatuscity departments - fire & rescue - knox building/residence accesscity departments - fire & rescue - burn permitscity departments - fire & rescue - annual reportscity departments - librarydropdown togglecity departments - planning and zoningcity departments - go to planning and zoning...city departments - planning and zoning - planning commissioncity departments - planning and zoning - agendas and minutescity departments - planning and zoning - zoning regulations, forms and applicationscity departments - planning and zoning - board of adjustmentsdropdown togglecity departments - police departmentcity departments - go to police department...city departments - police department - parade and event permitscity departments - police department - police department informationcity departments - police department - dogs and catscity departments - police department - parking regulationscity departments - police department - peddlers and solicitorsdropdown togglecity departments - street departmentcity departments - go to street department...city departments - street department - informationcity departments - street department - chestnut street projectcity departments - street department - street trees and plantingsdropdown togglecity departments - wahoo parks & recreationcity departments - go to wahoo parks & recreation...city departments - wahoo parks & recreation - community forestrycity departments - wahoo parks & recreation - trails
 wahoo utilitieswahoo utilities 
go to wahoo utilities...wahoo utilities - faqwahoo utilities - board of public workswahoo utilities - downtown water improvementswahoo utilities - get the lead outwahoo utilities - amiwahoo utilities - energy wisedropdown togglewahoo utilities - utility departmentwahoo utilities - go to utility department...wahoo utilities - utility department - electricwahoo utilities - utility department - natural gaswahoo utilities - utility department - waterwahoo utilities - utility department - waste waterwahoo utilities - utility department - officewahoo utilities - online bill paymentwahoo utilities - new customerwahoo utilities - utility policiesdropdown togglewahoo utilities - rate informationwahoo utilities - go to rate information...wahoo utilities - rate information - electricwahoo utilities - rate information - natural gaswahoo utilities - rate information - waterwahoo utilities - rate information - waste waterwahoo utilities - load controlwahoo utilities - average monthly bills
 airportairport 
go to airport...airport - adopted policiesairport - authority agendas & minutesairport - hangar rental informationairport - pilot information
 economic developmenteconomic development 
go to economic development...economic development - economic dev. officeeconomic development - greater wahoo development foundationeconomic development - industrial & commercial siteseconomic development - links
 chamber of commercechamber of commerce 
go to chamber of commerce...chamber of commerce - visitors map-eat/shop/playchamber of commerce - visitors map-trailschamber of commerce - visitors map-venueschamber of commerce - about wahoochamber of commerce - moving to wahoo
 formsforms 
go to forms...forms - building permits
municipal code
employment opportunities
bidding opportunities
training modules
 


newscalendarformsstaff 


sign up for our news update by clicking on the sign up link below! 
latest newsjanuary-february 2025 construction updatedowntown water improvements
construction notice update
click here for printable construction update notice (pdf)
the city of wahoo utilities continues to enhance its water infrastructure to provide reliable, high-quality service across the city. here’s what you can expect in the next phase of construction that is replacing outdated water mains and service lines across 33 blocks of the downtown business area.
current work

· water main construction: 

	
east 5th 
east 6th 
north broadway 
north orange


  service line work - continuing in these areas: 
	
along north broadway street between 4th street and 7th street
east 5th between chestnut and linden
east 6th between chestnut and broadway


  service line work - beginning in these areas: 
	
between n beech street and n broadway street from 8th to 9th streets



important information

· temporary parking spots and sidewalk closures will occur, but there will be no street closures at any location.
  access to all businesses will be maintained throughout the construction period.

construction map

· click here for a construction map.

contact us
for specific comments or questions during the construction process, please call city hall at (402) 443-3222. you can also visit our website at wahoo.ne.us for updated information.
thank you in advance for your patience and cooperation as we work to improve water service reliability and fire protection for our community.
read morewahoo cemetery gets ten free trees... with assistance from wahoo scout troup 140,  and nebraska forest service and nebraska statewide arboretumthanks to the ten free trees program, an effort of the nebraska forest service and the nebraska statewide arboretum, the city of wahoo received 10 trees for the wahoo cemeteries re-tree project. the wahoo cemeteries have been and will continue to be part of the wahoo community since as early as the 1870s. over the years trees have provided ambiance, shelter, and beauty for our cemeteries, but there have all been trees impacted by disease, age, and storms. the ten free trees program is a great opportunity for the city of wahoo to add to the canopy at our wahoo cemeteries with diverse species of trees. wahoo scout troop 140 was a great partner and helped us plant the trees shortly after their arrival. we thank them for their assistance!
despite providing a wide range of social, economic, and environmental benefits, most nebraska community forests have been in steady and sometimes dramatic decline. many challenges contribute, including extreme weather, insects, disease, and lack of diversity. the emerald ash borer is the latest major challenge added to the list.
in an effort to stop this decline and increase community forest resilience, the ten free trees program grants up to 10 high quality trees per project for tree-related educational events and community celebrations promoting trees and fall planting.
in addition to simply planting more trees, the program goals include increasing appreciation and awareness of the significant value of community forests in nebraska. special emphasis is placed on species diversity and higher impact projects, especially street tree planting and projects in neighborhoods of highest need.
ten free trees is supported by the nebraska statewide arboretum’s trees for nebraska towns initiative, funded by the nebraska environmental trust, the usda forest service’s community forestry inflation reduction act funding received by the nebraska statewide arboretum, and the usda forest service landscape scale restoration funding received by the nebraska forest service.
the nebraska forest service and the nebraska statewide arboretum are great resources for learning about trees, the value of replacement of our trees, what species to select, how to plant, how to water, etc.  please check out these resources they provided to the city - we hope they help you as well!
  why trees are important to communities  
  why we love trees
  tree planting guidelines
  watering guidelines for newly planted trees
read morenatural gas distribution operator/welder
the city of wahoo is seeking an individual to fill the role of operator/welder with our natural gas distribution department. this position is responsible for assisting with various semi-skilled work in the maintenance, repair, and construction of distribution lines and related components of the municipal gas distribution system. work involves skilled welding in the fabrication and repair of pipelines and similar installations involving the use of acetylene and electrical equipment in the heating, welding, cutting, and brazing of metals in accordance with standard trade practices.  responsible for assisting with various activities associated with the construction, installation, inspection, maintenance, repair and operation of the gas distribution and line system. must be able to perform duties on an on-call basis, as needed. 
a qualified applicant must have a high school diploma or ged. must possess a valid driver's license. upon offer of employment, the candidate must possess or be able obtain their cdl within six months of employment, possess gas operators' qualification, must possess certification of plastic fusion, and requires a welding certification.
job classification and starting wage is dependent on qualifications, certifications held (if any) and experience. opportunity for pay increase after six months of employment. all offers of employment are conditional upon the successful completion of a physical exam, drug screening and background check including driving record. the pay scale for this position begins at a rate of $28.77 and tops at $37.39 per hour.
interested applicants should submit a job application (link below), a letter of interest and a resume if desired to: (please indicate position applying for on application)
    city of wahoo
    attn:  hr coordinator
    605 north broadway
    wahoo, ne  68066
    or via email to: baker@wahoo.ne.us
application packets are also available at city hall, by emailing baker@wahoo.ne.us  or online at www.wahoo.ne.us under the "employment opportunities" tab on the home page, or by calling city hall at 402-443-3222. applications should be returned to city hall, 605 north broadway, wahoo, ne 68066.
applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
the city of wahoo is an equal opportunity employer.
 
application (printable)
application (fillable)
medical choices
benefits information
gas op welder pay scale
job description-operator/welder
 
read moreagendas & council minutes 
agenda and minutes can be found here
 
 
 
the mayor and council of the city of wahoo meet regularly on the second and fourth tuesdays of each month beginning at 7:00 p.m. at the wahoo public library, 637 n maple st. they also convene as needed for special meetings which can be called by either the mayor or by three of the six council members. all meetings are open to the public and are held in accordance with the open meetings act established by the nebraska state legislature.
if you would like to have an item added to the next regular meeting of the mayor and council, please print off the agenda request worksheet, complete the worksheet, and return it to the city clerk's office at 605 north broadway along with any supporting documentation by the close of business (5:00 p.m.) on the thursday prior to the meeting. once the item is received, the clerk will contact you regarding the exact date and time of the meeting. 
while each agenda is kept continually current and available for public inspection on request, the agenda is not final until posted on the friday before the meeting. the city of wahoo makes agendas available by email, on this website, and by posting at the wahoo post office, first national bank and city hall. if you would like to have your name added to the email distribution list, please send an email to fasel@wahoo.ne.us.
special meetings may be called from time to time as the need arises. agendas for special meetings are posted at least 24 hours prior to the meeting time in the same manner as agendas for regular meetings of the council.
the minutes of the mayor and council must be made available to the public within 10 days of the meeting or by the next meeting, whichever comes first. if the minutes you are looking for are not available below, please contact the city clerk's office at 402-443-3222.
older agendas, packets, and minutes are available at the city clerks office at city hall. 
read moreservice line replacement & team informationas part of the downtown water main improvements there will be service lines to your business or home that may need to be updated. this graphic helps explain what your water service line is and where it is located.  the second graphic shares information on the sub-contractor (codr plumbing) and their employees who will be completing this work for us.


 
read moreclean check value maintenance videothe attached video is a walk through of how to maintain your clean check valve. 
read moreroundabout timeline - hwy 77/92/109on march 20, 2024 city of wahoo staff attended the pre-construction meeting with the ne department of transportation for the us-77, wahoo intersection - roundabout project. at that meeting the following details/timeline were shared:
contractor:  graham construction, inc.
ndot fact sheet for proposed construction (2023)
below is an explanation of the phases of this project. please keep in mind that the timing of the phases is based on engineers' best estimates and can be significantly impacted by weather delays, unforeseen construction adjustments, and contractor issues. during this project east and westbound traffic will not be detoured.  however, slowing down as you pass through the construction areas is essential to the safety of crews. the difference in your arrival time at your destination between 60 mph and 30 mph is less than 1 minute.  slow down and keep people alive.
pre-construction electrical relocation work is currently being done by a contractor and is expected to be completed mid-may.
completed - phases 1 and 2 of the construction project will not impact access of any traffic. the working being done is prep work for phase 3 when access to old hwy 77 (south of the intersection) will be detoured.  it is estimated phases 1 and 2 will be completed late may/early june. please watch for workers and use caution and slow your speed as you pass through this intersection.
start date 5/17/2024 - phase 3 (shown as phase 1 on the ndot info sheet) of the project is when detours for this project will begin. this phase will close off any access to old hwy 77. traffic headed to businesses on commercial park road as well as business located north along old hwy 77 will be detoured through wahoo. this phase is estimated to be completed mid-late august.
 
phase 4 (shown as phase 2 on the ndot info sheet) will consist of work in the middle of the roundabout. access to and from us-77 to hwy 109 and old hwy 77 will be limited to right-turn only. this phase is estimated to be completed the end of october/early november.
phase 5  (shown as phase 3 on the ndot info sheet) will construct the north portion of the roundabout. this means access to and from hwy 109 will be closed and traffic will be detoured. this phase estimated to be completed mid-late november.
phase 6 will complete the project. this will include final pavement clean up, finishing, pavement marking, signage, etc. and is estimated to be completed by the middle of december.
disclaimer: this information is being provided by the city of wahoo through interpretation of ndot plans and construction information. please watch for press releases and information provided directly from the ndot district 1 office regarding this project.
read more0123456previous featurenext feature
calendarupcoming eventsview calendar february 2025sumotuwethfrsa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011february 11, 2025 7:00pmcity council meeting wahoo public library1213february 13, 2025 7:00pmplanning commission meetingcity hall14151617february 17, 2025all daycity office/wahoo utilities closed18february 18, 2025 4:30pmairport authority meetingcity hall19february 19, 2025 7:00pmboard of public works meeting202122232425february 25, 2025 7:00pmcity council meeting wahoo public library262728 events for selected datetimedescriptionlocationtap underlined dates to see events
follow @wahoo.ne.uswahoo.ne.us
more headlinesnatural gasnew customers

city of wahoo605 north broadwaywahoo, ne  68066ph: 402-443-3222
facebook
sign up for our newsletterenter email addresssubscribemore info

socs logo link© 2025 city of wahooaccessibilityprivacy pledgethis institution is an equal opportunity provider.


for after hours utility emergencies, call 402-443-4213 





