






legal recruiters | legal recruiting firm | bcg attorney search


































legal recruiters | legal recruiting firm | bcg attorney search






































































 


browse jobs

 resource library 



attorney career advice						                			



advice for associatesadvice for law studentsadvice for partnersworking with a legal recruiter 


attorney job search tools						                			



law firm interview tipslegal resumes & cover lettersevaluating law firm offersswitching law firms 


legal market research						                			



legal market reportslegal practice areasweekly lateral moves 

law firm profiles
law firm rankings
practice area guides
guides/ebooks

videos



attorney career advice
attorney resume review
faqs
candidate webinar replays
employers webinar videos


podcasts



services



services for attorneys


legal placement
free career training







services for legal employers


recruiting and placement










submit resume 
submit jobs 
firm directory
for employers 
sign in






















attorney job search tools

latest
view all



the ultimate guide to law firm partner lateral moves: strategies to secure your next role and maximize success







legal market research

latest
view all



the state of the legal market in 2025: trends, challenges, and career strategies







harrison’s perspectives

latest
view all



why productivity determines your legal career success



 









articles
our offices
diversity
success stories
contact us
our story 
submit jobs
for employers 
sign in


by signing in, you agree to bcg attorney search’s privacy policy.















america's premier legal placementfirm for law firm attorneys
submit your resume


search attorney jobs









practice area: 





practice setting: 

law firm
government
in-house
public interest
academic



work experience: 

minimum years of experience
1234567891011121314151617181920over 21 


location:



 search jobs 

browse jobs 
advanced search 













we've changed thousands of lives over the past 25 years, and yours could be next.
when you use bcg attorney search you will get an unfair advantage because you will use the best legal placement company in the world for finding permanent law firm positions.






get started











legal jobs





by practice area


by city





by practice area





alcohol beverage law

antitrust and competition

bankruptcy

cannabis law

construction

corporate

criminal law – defense

data privacy

erisa/executive compensation

education

energy and oil & gas

entertainment and new media

environmental and land use

family law

finance

food & drug law

franchise law

general practice

government

guardianship and conservatorship

health care

immigration

insurance

intellectual property

labor & employment

litigation

maritime

municipal law

native american law

nonprofit / charities law

real estate

tax

telecommunications

transportation

trusts and estates

workers compensation
 

more practice areas 








				                        by city
				                    






abilene,tx

acton,ma

addison,tx

agoura hills,ca

akron,ny

akron,oh

albany,ga

albany,ny

albuquerque,nm

alexandria,la

alexandria,mn

alexandria,va

aliso viejo,ca

allentown,pa

alpena,mi

alpharetta,ga

altamonte springs,fl

alton,il

amarillo,tx

ambler,pa

amherst,nh

amherst,ny

amsterdam,ny

anaheim,ca

anchorage,ak

andover,ma

angleton,tx

ann arbor,mi
 

more city 



















attorneys


associate career advice
networking & business development









law students


interviewing tips for law students
planning your legal career









advice for partners


building your book
business plans









legal career advice


legal practice areas
law firm interview tips









employers


law firm management
legal employer resource center











featured articles










advice for partners
the importance of a great business plan
if you are an attorney with portable business, your business plan is even more important than your resume. when you were an associate, the first thing a potential employer looked at was your resume when deciding whether to give you an interview. now, the first thing, and sometimes the only thing, they will look at is your business plan. it is absolutely imperative that you create a business plan that represents you accurately and advantageously.

read article










career advice for attorneys
how to make partner in a law firm: top 10 characteristics of superstar associates who make partner
 what are the characteristics of the best associates that eventually make partner in a law firm? check out these top 10 characteristics of superstar associates.

read article










legal practice areas
patent attorney jobs: guidelines for patent attorneys exploring the legal market
there has been a huge need for intellectual property attorneys for the past 20 years. with technology hotbeds across the country growing and becoming more active by the day, the need to protect and secure new ideas, methods, and inventions has increased dramatically.

read article










advice for partners
maximize portables in your business plan in order to maximize interest in you
 the following article is only concerned with one aspect of your business plan, and it is by far the single most important aspect of it: your portables.

read article











featured career advice
view all









doing your homework  law firm websites
this may seem very obvious, but it always bears repeating because of how greatly it increases your chances of a successful job search and/or interview: always do your homework. your recruiter will be able to alert you to opportunities in your desire

read article









small firm life
there is a perception that going to a small firm means that attorneys do not bill the crazy hours of a large firm. this is sometimes true; however, it can also be a trap.

read article









so you want to switch practice groups?
as a recruiter,i speak with many candidates who want to switch practice groups and unfortunately, this professional dilemma is becoming more common.

read article









i want to go abroad  what are my options?
as a recruiter at a company that does international placements, i get frequent inquiries from u.s.-based attorneys who are intrigued by the prospect of going abroad.

read article










featured q&a
view all









what if a law firm associate discovers evidence of fraud on behalf of a client during due diligence?
question: what if an associate performing due diligence on a transaction discovers evidence of fraud by her client? what if she discovers, say, the next enron?

read article









if an attorney is exhausted and cannot sleep most nights due to stress what should they do?
question: many nights, i'm exhausted but i can't sleep. either i can't nod off at all, or i wake up in the middle of the night, my mind reeling with torts. any advice?

read article









stressed out as an attorney? how to deal with the stress of being a lawyer
 driving to court yesterday, a guy bumped my fender and i screamed at him in the street for 10 minutes. i think the stress of practicing law is getting to me.

read article









3 questions frequently asked by corporate attorneys about career changes
 are you a corporate litigator thinking about making a big career change or switching practice areas? read this article before you do.

read article










employers
view all










relocations & practice area changes
the degree of flexibility with experience requirements in law job listings
introduction: regarding legal job listings, the experience levels outlined are flexible. law firms often exhibit flexibility in the experience requirements to attract suitable candidates. for job seekers in the legal field, it's crucial to understand that a job listing is more of a guideline than a rigid requirement. attorneys should quickly apply for positions even if their experience does not perfectly align with the job description. this flexibility in experience requirements can open doors to opportunities that might otherwise seem out of reach.

read article










legal employer resource center
top ways for law firms to increase associate satisfaction and increase associate retention: what law firm associates really want from their jobs
 the increasingly complex and competitive legal marketplace has forever altered the expectations of both law firms and associates. here’s how to stay competitive.

read article










law firm management
equity partnership: a new perspective on law firm compensation
summaryequity partnership in law firms offers a fresh perspective on legal compensation, merging individual contributions with collective growth. this comprehensive guide delves into the complexities of equity partnership, from its foundational understanding to its financial implications. by exploring diverse compensation models, the evolution of the partnership track, and the intricate metrics determining partner value, we shed light on its profound impact on legal recruiting. as the legal landscape continues to evolve, understanding the nuances of equity partnership becomes pivotal for firms aiming for sustained success, strategic vision, and a culture that attracts and retains top-tier talent.

read article










legal employer resource center
the rise of law firm mergers: exploring the key factors driving consolidation in the legal industry
summary:the legal industry has undergone significant changes in recent years, with an increasing number of law firm mergers making headlines. this consolidation trend is reshaping the landscape of the legal profession, creating new opportunities and challenges for firms and their clients. this article examines the key factors driving the rise of law firm mergers and explores their implications for the industry's future.

read article











video gallery
view all










the top 10 ways working as an attorney in a law firm ages (and kills you) prematurely
all attorneys strive for success in their law firms and want more responsibility, complex work, and greater recognition. however, there is a price to pay for accomplishing your goals. the stress of law firm life may cause many health problems, including premature aging, disease, or ev ....

read article










why are not legal recruiters interested in recent law school graduates?


read article










what an attorney should do to protect their career if (1) you are worried about a recession, (2) thi ....


read article










25 of the most important facts that attorneys, law students, and partners need to know about law fir ....


read article










webinar videos
view all









why you should (and should not) quit the practice of law
in this webinar, top legal recruiter harrison barnes explores the complex decision of whether to leave the practice of law. barnes discusses the reasons attorneys consider quitting, the potential consequences of such a move, and the situations where staying in the profession might be  ....

read article









partner-level transitions: what law firms look for and how to stand out
in this webinar, top legal recruiter harrison barnes provides a comprehensive guide to navigating partner-level transitions in the legal industry. barnes discusses what law firms prioritize when evaluating partner candidates and shares actionable strategies for standing out in a compe ....

read article









mastering the art of legal interviews: the ultimate guide to securing your dream law firm position
in this must-watch webinar, top legal recruiter harrison barnes provides a comprehensive guide to excelling in law firm interviews. barnes shares the secrets to making a lasting impression, answering tough questions effectively, and positioning yourself as the ideal candidate. whether ....

read article









the only thing that attorneys should consider when accepting or leaving a legal job
in this webinar, top legal recruiter harrison barnes simplifies the decision-making process for attorneys considering a job move. barnes reveals the single most important factor attorneys should focus on when deciding whether to accept or leave a legal job, cutting through the noise o ....

read article










q&a video gallery
view all










empowering legal entrepreneurship: crafting a unique story, and thriving after overcoming cancer
    transitioning to self-employment in law is feasible and worth considering.    carefully evaluate incorporating personal hardships, like battling cancer, into your unique selling proposition (usp) to avoid discomforting potential clients.    specializing in a niche or specialty ali ....

read article










strategic expansion guide: transitioning from ec/vc law to capital markets as an attorney
    transitioning from vc law to capital markets? strategize effectively.    seek firms handling both vc and capital markets matters.    larger firms may pose challenges due to specialization.    middle-market firms offer diverse experience.    smaller firms or branch offices in less  ....

read article










what is a usp?
    learn how to craft your unique selling proposition (usp) for career success    discover the transformative power of aligning your usp with your passions and ambitions    gain insights from real-life examples, including the pitfalls of neglecting your true calling    specialization ....

read article










resilient top-tier grad: crafting a unique selling proposition for a fresh attorney overcoming caree ....
    discover how to craft a compelling unique selling proposition (usp) as a budding attorney facing setbacks early in your career.    learn from harrison's experience of losing positions at both small and prestigious firms due to a lack of available work and a political misstep.    u ....

read article





 





upcoming webinar














testimonials
view all testimonials





she was great because she had big law experience and her background wassimilar to mine so we met eye to eye on what i was looking for which makethe process a lot easier. she was really responsive and we hit it offimmediately. bcg's online format was good - you could see exactly what firmsyou... read more >jared coppotelligeorgetown university law center, class of 2015placed at winston & strawn llp[my favorite things about working with bcg and sarah] was the weekly updates on how things were going. sarah was also very responsive and very in touch over text. it was very useful to get updates over text because text worked better for me at times. she adapted to making text work since that is... read more >renee-lauren elliscatholic university of america columbus school of law, class of 2010placed at manatt, phelps & phillips, llpthe good thing about working with bcg in general is all of the resources and articles. the job search showed that the firm itself was very familiar with the type of industry i was in. i was at a very large law firm and you could tell by the way they put out articles and the things they talked about... read more >sergio marinuniversity of connecticut school of law, class of 2018placed at murtha cullina llp.working with bcg gave me access to opportunities that weren't necessarily posted in the market place. the job i ended up accepting, the firm wasn't advertising an open role but my legal placement professional sent my resume to them anyway and they were interested and interviewed me. if i hadn't... read more >alison holdwaynew york university school of law, class of 2014placed at greenberg traurig, l.l.pmy favorite thing about my legal placement professional was that she was extremely responsive through the entire process. she thought of creative ideas to get me into firms or get opportunities at firms, even during a pandemic. i really liked her and her approach. i have been a recruiter before and... read more >jessica moorethe university of arizona, james e. rogers college of law, class of 2019placed at k & l gates llpshe never gave up on me. there was definitely a lot of effort put in for me. i liked how every so often i would get new firms chose particular for me and they really tried to address my interests and what i was looking for. it is very time consuming to look for a new job to begin with so it was... read more >rose nankervisst. john's university school of law, class of 2016placed at nixon peabody llpannie was great to worth with! she was energetic and encouraging. she was very responsive. i was a little antsy through periods of the job search, both from waiting and being antsy generally about what i wanted to do for work. she was just a great person to have on my side to encourage me and talk... read more >cayman cavenuniversity of alabama, class of 2016placed at burr & forman llp.my legal placement professional reached out to me on a cold email and i looked her up and we had similar backgrounds so i called her and she made the process really simple. she had me send her my resume, transcript and a writing sample and she sent me a list of firms in a couple days. she made it... read more >s.f.the ucla school of law, class of 2018placed at mayer brown llpbasically, i didn't have to do anything until i got the job offer. i never had to check in, she would check in with me and she always worked around my schedule if i was really busy. it made it possible for me to look for and get a new job while working full time and being busy with my other job. my... read more >abbey jahnkecase western reserve university school of law, class of 2012placed at jackson lewis p.c. 


















 


there’s only one bcg attorney search
we make thousands of placements each year and change the lives of attorneys we work with by constantly providing them with more opportunities, more career advice, more market knowledge and the commitment it takes to get them to the next level.


stay connected
subscribe to receive access to exclusive resources.




 subscribe









2025 state of the legal market report




about bcg


 about us 
 our history 
 our story 
 our core values 
 bcg benefits 
 code of conduct diversity
 reviews 
 news 
 social feed 




work with us


submit resume
testimonials
legal placement professionals
work at bcg
 partner with us 
contact us




find a job


attorney jobs
partner jobs
latest attorney jobs




resources


attorney career advice
employer
case studies
law firm reviews
 bar review courses 
practice area guides
job opening research
courses
inspiration




site info


copyright
site map
our sites




unlock your legal career potentialaccess our exclusive contents



webinars

candidate webinars
employer webinars


q&a sessions
podcasts









© 2025 bcg attorney search. all rights reserved.  privacy policy






























don't miss out!











submit your resume for review


get started here



register for unlimited access to bcg


submit



sign-up to receive the latest articles and alerts


submit




already a subscriber? sign in here.















































