





atlantic center for the arts: a place to connect & create. - atlantic center for the arts




























































































about

about
history
for educators
locations
rental inquiries
meet the team


programs

arts on douglas
mentoring artists-in-residence
community arts
aca live
images: a festival of the arts


calendar

spirit enrichment award
exhibitions & programs
residencies


join & give

donate
membership
become a volunteer
join aca’s email newsletter







atlantic center for the arts: a place to connect & create.








 
embodiologyaca_horsin_around_2024_192leeper-sculpture-dedication-front181_welcome reception_13bellsouth cover image2one beat image for web and social 




founded in 1977 by doris leeper, an internationally known sculptor and painter, as well as a visionary environmentalist, atlantic center for the arts (aca) is a non-profit multidisciplinary artist residency facility and vibrant cultural hub with expanded community offerings such as arts on douglas and images: a festival of the arts located in new smyrna beach, florida.
 









 
 

“if you had a world with no music, no dance, no visual arts –
i don’t even want to try and think about how horrible that would be.”
– doris leeper, aca founder

 
 






















arts & emotion with justincredible - experiences




 











arts & emotion with justincredible - owning your creative lane & story




 











residency #194 outreach with mentoring artist kahil el'zabar




 











arts & emotion with justincredible - empathy




 











young sound seekers - unidescription of canaveral national seashore visitor center brochure




 




 


load more...




 
                subscribe            





 
























follow us:











atlantic center for the arts
1414 art center avenue
			new smyrna beach, fl, 32168
			t. (386) 427-6975


aca: arts on douglas
123 douglas street
			new smyrna beach, fl 32168
			t. (386) 428-1133


aca: harris house
214 south riverside drive
			new smyrna beach, fl 32168
			t. (386) 423-1753







mission: atlantic center for the arts is a nonprofit interdisciplinary artists' community and arts education facility dedicated to promoting artistic excellence by providing talented midcareer artists an opportunity to work and collaborate with some of the world's most distinguished contemporary artists in the fields of music composition, and  the visual, literary, and performing arts.  community interaction is coordinated through on-site  and outreach presentations, workshops and exhibitions.














































