


heart scan - home












home
services
appointments
faq
physicians
patients





 


in the news...

prevention magazine: cardiac calcium scoring #1 on list of 7 heart tests that can save your life

new england journal of medicine
mesa published: cardiac calcium scoring the best predictor for major cardiac events for all ethnic groups

new england journal of medicine
colon cancer screening: ct colonography is preferred method of colon cancer screening

new england journal of medicine
lung cancer screening: stage 1 lung cancer found on ct scan is curable


us news: tim russert might have been helped by coronary calcium screening



dr. matt budoff, professor of medicine, david geffen school of medicine at ucla: why ebct 
				

statins: not all statins are equal
				

medical news today: ebct is best for congenital heart defects.
				

 life extension magazine: cholesterol not a complete picture of heart disease risk
				

5 tests that can save your life: cardiovascular disease is still the no. 1 killer of american men. new screening tests may help millions avoid the emergency room
				

president clintons heart disease:  the dietary education of bill clinton
				

 dan rather reports on the: calcium link in clogged arteries



welcome to the bay area body and heartscan, the only ebt in northern california
heartscan is a leading service provider of non-invasive preventative and diagnostic services that will help you towards your goal of a healthier life.
our technology
heartscan uses electron beam tomography (ebt or ebct) technology, a non-invasive diagnostic imaging tool, to screen patients for several leading causes of death.  the ebt scanner is an extremely fast, ultra low radiation diagnostic imaging tool that can take cardiac and other images between heartbeats.  special software manipulates these images to give your physician a clear picture of each scanned organ.
ebt is the undisputed gold standard in non-invasive coronary imaging with years of scientific validation in cardiology and radiology literature (many times faster than slower, less-proven, mechanical ct scanners) and is used at many of the major university heart centers worldwide.


what services does heartscan offer?

coronary artery scan (calcium scoring)
lung scan
virtual colonography
full body scan
bone density scan
mesenteric fat measurement







							contact us
						



walnut creek
							2161 ygnacio valley road
							suite #100
							walnut creek, ca 94598
phone: 925.939.3003
fax: 925.939.6006
map


       					1.800.4my.heart (1.800.469.4327)
email us









why get a scan?
a ct scan is a simple, non-invasive way to detect health problems before a person shows any symptoms.  such early detection leads to better treatment outcomes and can save lives. consider the facts: 
heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the united states.  current estimates show that more than 70 million americans suffer from some form of cardiovascular disease.  this "silent killer" is a slow, progressive disease that can begin early in life and go undetected for years.  for 150,000 americans annually, the first and only symptom of heart disease is a fatal heart attack.  many of those who suffer a fatal heart attack have average or unremarkable cholesterol levels, normal stress or exercise treadmill tests and few, if any, of the major risk factors. the earlier heart disease is detected, the greater the chance it can be slowed, or stopped or possibly reversed.
lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among men and women, as reported by the american cancer society.  more people die of lung cancer than of colon, breast and prostate cancers combined.  in 2000, approximately 164,000 new lung cancer cases were diagnosed and there were an estimated 157,000 lung cancer deaths.  if lung cancer is detected and treated early, before it has spread to lymph nodes or other organs, the 5-year relative survival rate is about 42%.  however, according to the american cancer society, few lung cancers are detected at this early stage.  the nejm 'lung cancer article'  reported a huge european study which showed the efficacy of ct lung cancer screening. it showed early detection of lung cancer is imperative in increasing survival rate.
colorectal cancers are the third most common cancers in men and women, as reported by the american cancer society.  in 2000, an estimated 131,000 people developed colorectal cancer and an estimated 56,000 deaths occurred due to colorectal cancer.  for people whose colorectal cancer is found and treated in an early stage, the 5-year relative survival rate is 90%.  but, according to the american cancer society, only 37% of colorectal cancers are found at that early stage.  once the cancer has spread to nearby organs or lymph nodes, the 5-year survival rate drops to 65%.  for those whose colorectal cancer spreads to the liver or the lungs, the 5-year relative survival rate is 8%. according to  the nejm 'colon cancer screening' article,   virtual colonography is preferred method of screening for colon cancer. it is comfortable and requires no sedation. you can return to work immediately after 30 minute procedure and remain productive all day long.
more than 40% of post-menopausal women are at risk for developing osteoporosis and up to 50% are at risk for a preventable fracture.  the osteoporosis foundation states that in the u.s. today, 10 million people already have the disease and 18 million more have low bone mass resulting in an increased risk for the disease.  osteoporosis is responsible for more than 1.5 million fractures per year.  an average of 24% of hip fracture patients, age 50 and over, die within a year of the fracture event. 
professional services
heartscan works with the leading specialists in the country to interpret the imaging studies performed at our centers.  test results are communicated to you and your physician in the form of a comprehensive report within five to seven days of your test.
				
heartscan is an early detection and risk assessment testing facility only and cannot substitute for a careful examination by a patient's physician. all recommendations from heartscan are suggestions based solely upon information provided by the patient and ebt scan results. the patient's own physician is best able to make definitive therapeutic decisions based upon careful history, physical exam, ebt reports and other testing, if necessary.
payment for services
payment for services is due at the time of service by cash, check, or credit card.  heartscan will provide you with documentation that you may submit to your insurance carrier for reimbursement.  coverage of the services provided by heartscan is insurance carrier specific.
				
for more information about any of our services and how they can benefit you, please call heartscan at the contact numbers listed above and our staff will assist you. thank you for choosing heartscan.




heartscan. all rights reserved.


