



 georgetown scholars program






















































about

story
at a glance
advisory board
student board
staff
gsp student team
mission statement
gsp program history
partners


how it works

model
for parents


student resources

resources for prospective students
resources for current students


advocacy
news

student voice
gsp in the news


get involved

volunteer
regional network program


support gsp
 








twitter
facebook
instagram
 


















georgetown ranked #1 on roi for low-income students
 in an analysis, published by georgetown university’s center on education and the workforce (cew), that explored which types of institutions—and which individual institutions—provided the greatest economic benefit for low-income students, georgetown university topped the list!

learn more







sold-out comedy fundraiser supports gsp
four of georgetown’s famous alumni comedians came together again for another edition of stand up for georgetown – jim gaffigan (b’88), mike birbiglia (c’00), john mulaney (c’04), and nick kroll (c'01)  via video message to raise over 1.7 million on may 1st in support of gsp. read more about the event below! 

learn more







stand up for georgetown
three of georgetown’s famous alumni comedians – jim gaffigan (b’88), mike birbiglia (c’00) and john mulaney (c’04) – raised $1 million to support the gsp at a sold-out new york city fundraiser on jan. 14. read more about the event below! 

learn more
















story
the georgetown scholars program (gsp) was founded in 2004 and has served over 2,600 students and graduates, most of whom were the first generation in their families to attend college, since the program’s inception. currently, the gsp family provides programmatic support for over 650 undergraduates, the program works with students as they navigate through elite higher education. gsp’s mission is to work towards a more equitable college experience for first-generation and low-income college students. gsp students proudly hold a 94% graduation rate.



150+
the average # of students in the incoming gsp cohort 






2,000+
gsp graduates since the inaugural class of 2009






94%
graduation rate vs. 26% national rate among first-geners






80%
around 80% of gsp students are first-generation college-bound

















student resources





prepare for your future and take advantage of all the opportunities gsp provides for you. whether you are an incoming student planning for your time on the hilltop or a current student forging your own path alongside you fellow hoyas, check out the resources we have readily available for each of you! 












necessity funding
offering micro grants for various essentials.










resources for current students
gsp students can access an array of tools throughout their time at georgetown.










resources for prospective students
we find that students who use these resources are more likely to have a positive and enriching experience.










mastering the hidden curriculum
mhc is a space to explore what it means to be a fgli student at georgetown. 



















model
gsp is not a program that students can apply to, rather, students are selected during the admissions process by an external committee. participants are selected based on certain characteristics, with a preference for high achieving students from a first generation and low-income background. gsp serves students in four key ways: mentorship opportunities, community-building, financial assistance and advocacy work.learn more






















“your gsp amazing success story combines the inside of classrooms’ success and outside of classrooms’ success idea better than what just about any other college has done.” education luminary dr. richard light | harvard graduate school of education
 









“georgetown not only opened the door for me with this program, but helped me walk through.” deven comen | georgetown college '12
 









“my gspers are the people who have nudged me along the way to keep going and stay focused. through their affection, encouragement, tough love, and sometimes simply their company, i've grown and thrived.” agnes lee | georgetown school of foreign service ‘17
 

















georgetown scholars program

									3700 o st. nw
									georgetown university
									healy hall g20
									washington, 									dc 									20057
202-687-7351
gsphoyas@georgetown.edu 




resourcesmastering the hidden curriculum
necessity funding
 





newsstudent voice
gsp in the news
 





contact usvolunteer
 













stay up to date
sign up for our newsletter.


 









							© 2025 georgetown scholars program | website by sage communications















