
































midwest industrial packaging - a signode brand | signode















skip to main content







menuclose







                    news
                



                    events
                



                    careers
                



careers americas




careers emea






                    contact us
                



                    locations
                









 search





 



the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.





products




automation solutions




case packaging




custom protective packaging




protective




stapling systems




strapping systems




stretch systems






industries




metals




corrugated/paper




empty container




pharma




food




beverage




fiber & textile




construction




wood products




printing / mail




logistics & ecommerce




bagged products




general manufacturing & engineering






reliability services




parts




retrofits & upgrades






competences




about us




integrated end of line solutions




customer experience center




packaging lab




product showroom




reliability services university




factory acceptance testing






our brands




application stories






sustainability




twentyby30™




environment




social




governance










                    news
                



                    events
                



                    careers
                



careers americas




careers emea






                    contact us
                



                    locations
                


english - united states





 








signode


our brands


mip








midwest industrial packagingsignode, provides a wide range of hand tool packaging solutions under our brand midwest industrial packaging (mip™). aimed to equal competitive value based on consumer demand for hand tools. we manufacture tools, seal securement and dispensers to support your application. spare parts and service for all of our products are distributed globally through signode parts and service group.contact us





value qualityoffer a proven value-quality brand producing, stocking and distributing a wide range of high-performance tool and supply solutions.




competitive edgea dedicated team, committed to earning your loyalty and confidence. a successful network of industrial distributor partners in today’s packaging marketplace.  




customer growthpositioned for global growth, we are here to help you expand into new and growing markets, building stronger brand loyalty, reducing costs and maximize productivity. 




results drivenwe support our certified distributors with an effective team of sales, production, warehouse, customer care and shipping.













about mip toolsas one of the leading packaging tool manufacturers, midwest industrial packaging started over 25 years ago, and continues to grow supporting our global mission with new distribution channels and multiple engineering technical centers. we are proud to offer our mip product line to meet the demands of the worldwide industrial marketplace.mip is a global company. our tools and dispensers are built by our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. we build our products internationally and ship them to over 90 countries and it’s all driven from the usa heartland. we are proud to offer our quality products through some of the finest stocking distributors and original equipment manufacturers in the world.













our product offeringswe manufacture and provide service for multiple strapping products; including: 

mip products





mip hand tool (3100)


mip™ - steel strapping hand tools
mip™ hand tools for steel strapping. including sealers, tensioners and combination tools for steel strap.
see more




mip-120


mip™ - plastic strapping hand tools
mip™ hand tools for plastic strapping. including windlass tensioners and front-action sealers. 
see more








strap cutters









strap dispensers









seals and buckles for strapping











with the insight of your end user’s industry, we can help you select all midwest industrial packaging tools, seal securement, and dispensers to support your appropriate product applications.get in touch









welcome to the signode website!


signode industrial group has been rebranded as signode.  we are now bringing all of our global products and solutions together with new branding and a new website.

please explore the new signode.com which now showcases all the products, services, and solutions that signode has to offer.



to enhance your site experience additional languages will be translated and added soon.  if you need signode information in a different language, try one of our country-specific websites.


choose your language

english - united states
english - europe (united kingdom)
french - france
german - germany
malay - malaysia
portuguese - brazil
spanish - spain
thai - thailand
english - australia
english - new zealand
english - india
mandarin - chinese 
dutch - netherlands
korea - korean
poland - polish
spanish - united states
english - canada
dutch - belgium
french - belgium
english - republic of ireland
spanish - mexico









continue to site














signode industrial group llc hidden river corporate center two14025 riveredge drivesuite 500tampa, florida 33637
1-800-323-2464
transit packaging division of crown holdings, inc





industries


products


customer experience center


solutions


brands


suppliers


governance


news






events


about us


application stories


careers


contact us


locations


patents





follow us







cookies policy


privacy


health care transparency


accessibility


terms & conditions of website use


cookie settings



©  signode industrial group llc














