

































































orange county review | dailyprogress.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















40°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



virginia video network



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters to the editor



editorials



columnists




sports


cavalier insider



uva



c'ville varsity



professional



betting




life & entertainment


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



columns



play



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



sponsored content


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



daily progress archives




our publications


the news virginian



orange county review



madison county eagle



greene county record



the rural virginian




buy & sell


place and ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




customer service


manage charlottesville subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



manage greene subscription



manage madison subscription



manage orange subscription



help center



weather: live radar


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

opinion

sports

life & entertainment

buy & sell








40°
sunny

















                
                orange county review
                
                    

















        
        
            samantha koon jones: 'creation lake' is where philosophy meets spy thriller

rachel kushner's latest, "creation lake," elevates a straightforward spy novel to a thought-provoking examination of the conflict between human nature and the modern world.

















        
        
            virginia hunting season nets slightly fewer deer, bears and turkeys

while the 2024-25 virginia hunting season harvested fewer deer, bears and turkeys, that was to be expected for a variety of reasons.

















        
        
            dems in virginia senate demote one of their own after opposing fairfax casino

democrats in the virginia senate have removed sen. jennifer boysko from her committee posts after she publicly opposed a proposed casino in her home county.

















        
        
            monticello names new board chairwoman

charlottesville hotelier molly hardie has been named the new board chairwoman of the nonprofit group that owns and operates thomas jefferson's monticello estate.

















        
        
            letter | the federal executive institute is lost, as well as its positive impact on our community

as a former dean of faculty at fei, i recall vividly the passion for serving the nation of the government executives attending its programs.

















        
        
            letter | if doge is so transparent, why is it so withholding?

when i go to the doge website, doge.gov, i don't find any link to contact them or any details about the fraud and corruption that has been uncovered. 

















        
        
            letter | keep your eye on the gold

i wonder how many of us are too busy arguing over the rules of the game to notice the gold reward for winning being carted away.























        
        
            lette | the price of abandonment, or why usaid matters




charlottesville knows something about history — how it lingers, how it molds itself into the architecture of our daily lives.




















        
        
            high winds knock out power to tens of thousands in charlottesville, central virginia




nearly 40,000 households and businesses in charlottesville and its surrounding counties were without power sunday evening due to high winds exceeding 50 mph.




















        
        
            unpaid for existing work, federal contractors ice virginia jobs




federal contractors are having to cut staff after the trump administration refused to pay them for work already completed. 




















        
        
            proposed sales tax surcharge for virginia schools heads to governor




a bill to let voters in virginia localities decide whether to impose an extra tax on themselves to pay for school construction is headed for the governor, who vetoed a similar measure last year.






























        
        
            join the waitlist for virginia oratorio society's 'together in song' benefit concert

the oratorio society of virginia's march 15 "together in song" benefit concert will support the literacy volunteers of charlottesville/albemarle.

















        
        
            maryland man guilty of second-degree murder in wintergreen officer's death

daniel barmak has accepted a plea deal and pleaded guilty to the murder of wintergreen police officer chris wagner in june of 2023.

















        
        
            orange's justin jones, charlottesville's adriel peña earn region 4d wrestling titles

charlottesville’s adriel peña and orange’s justin jones each won region 4d titles through exceptional toughness that's required to excel in wrestling.

















        
        
            bills to establish legal market for cannabis in virginia head to governor's desk

bills to set up a legal retail market for marijuana in virginia are again headed for a governor who doesn’t like the idea, but they have picked up bit more republican support.

















        
        
            day care centers, boys and girls clubs duke it out in virginia general assembly

the boys and girls clubs, where generations of kids find a haven, and the day care centers, which moms and dads rely on, are clashing over legislation in virginia.

















        
        
            line of duty legislation passes virginia general assembly

the virginia general assembly has passed legislation that would extend line of duty benefits to slain private police officers, the same benefits given to their public counterparts.


























        
        
            joann fabric closing charlottesville store, hundreds of others across us

joann, the country’s leading supplier of all things arts and crafts, is closing its charlottesville-area location after declaring bankruptcy for the second time in a year.

















        
        
            reservation required: virginia festival of the book releases full lineup

the virginia festival of the book is asking all attendees this year to reserve their seats in advance to keep track of attendance and help share timely updates.

















        
        
            one of virginia's largest autism institutes expanding charlottesville hq

via centers for neurodevelopment, formerly the virginia institute of autism, is moving ahead with a $5.5 million project to expand its services and footprint in charlottesville.

















        
        
            upcoming nonprofit and civic events

this week, the louisa county library presents a program on buffalo soldiers and the salvation army offers free dance lessons to teens.

















        
        
            uva resumes care for transgender youth after judge pauses trump order

uva medical center in charlottesville will resume services for transgender youth under 19 after a biden-appointed judge paused an executive order issued by trump.

















        
        
            national park service searching for man last seen near charlottesville

the national park service is searching for ranier denina, who was last seen north of charlottesville and was traveling in a red subaru crosstrek with his german shepherd luna.





more orange county review



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


cavalier insider

the news virginian

greene county record

madison county eagle

orange county review

the rural virginian

public notices

archives

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

newspapers in education (nie)

join our team

newsletter sign-up

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the daily progress , po box 9030 charlottesville, va 22906
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

all

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






breaking sports news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































