




seek freedom — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































maxine_chan
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














maxine_chan







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            seek freedom
        

            and it will lie stretched out before your eyes
        




linksskyehawke accoutff.net accountmemories archiveall the answersstarts with a spin contactsrl journalplurktwittertumblrpottermore (scarletrain86)
june 2013 1
2345678
9101112131415
16171819202122
23242526272829
30






21 june 2013 @ 03:33 pm
fic:  all the answers - chapter 29  


...i have absolutely no excuses, this is so embarrassingly late.  just a delay, though, i'm not abandoning this!title: all the answersfandom: harry potterrating: nc-17pairing: harry/dracoword count: 9000disclaimer: it's not mine. jkr is the brilliant mind behind hp.notes: this is a post-hbp 7th year fic that is not compliant with deathly hallows at all.summary: finding himself saddled with draco malfoy is just about the last thing harry expected to happen this year. too bad ignoring the git is something he’s never been able to do. horcruxes, war, and teenage hormones – no one ever said this would be easy!--> all chapters can be found here. <--( chapter 29collapse )you can also read it at ao3 or skyehawke.tags: answers
 
13 comments | leave a comment




 


17 july 2012 @ 09:09 am
avpsy!!!  


sorry, sorry, sorry!!!  you guys, i am so sorry, i really wanted to have the next answers chapter up by now but i’m just -- i'm having a major case of ‘ooohhh, shiny new fandom~~  *___*’ and i can’t get the avengers or marvel out of my head.  i’m trying, i really am, but getting this next chapter written is like pulling teeth at the moment.  and that’s honestly the only terrible excuse i have, because computer time isn’t an issue at present.  it’s just focusing that’s an issue.  i keep getting sidetracked with the endless tony/steve and slightly less endless tony/loki fics out there and it’s both horrible and awesome at the same time.answers will be updated, though.  and soon.  it will not be abandoned again, i promise you that.  it doesn’t help that this chapter has a lot of action and stuff, i always have a harder time writing that.  but i’m working on it!  i love you guys for your patience.  ♥but actually, what i really wanted to post about -- so how about that avpm 3 news???a very potter senior year.i about died when i saw that yesterday, and then was bemoaning the fact that i wasn’t going to leakycon.  but then, in a fit of crazy ridiculousness, i decided that, well, i could be going.  chicago is only a...12-hour...drive from baltimore, ahaha...ha.  >.>  and the saturday pass is $90 and the starkid event thing is $30 and who needs an extra $120 in their pocket, right, might as well blow it on a 3-hour thing that basically the entire avpm cast including darren criss will be at and--long story short, i am now going to leakycon!!!  and the starkid event!!sooooooo excited, hahaha.  i’m going with my sister and a friend and we’re basically driving out friday night, staying for saturday, and then leaving early sunday so that we can all be back at work monday morning.  :|i don’t even know.  but i can’t wait.is anyone else going??  i’ve never been to a leaky convention before.  i did lumos and prophecy way back when, and they were amazing, but they were hpef cons (forever sad i missed the last one this year -- ascendio sounded like it was awesome!).  are they very different?  anyone have any idea?  and does anyone have any extra floor space they wouldn’t mind sharing?anyway, that’s it.  haven’t been to a harry potter convention since 2007, and even though i’m only going to be at this one for one day and have no plans and don’t even know what’s going on other than the starkid thing and this is all very last minute, i’m really, really looking forward to it.  so maybe i’ll see some of you there!!  :d
 
19 comments | leave a comment




 


 



30 may 2012 @ 10:28 am
answers update–  


hey guys!i know we’re creeping up on that it’s been two months since you last updated!!! mark, and i’ve started getting a few comments and emails about it so i figured i’d pop in real quick and make the usual promises to have a new chapter up soon.  unfortunately, spring is my absolute busiest season at work, and i’m coming off of working seven straight 6-day weeks in a row and i’ve been pulling double shifts and extra hours all over the place, so i just haven’t been able to wrap my head around writing anything.  but on the bright side, things die pretty quickly after the busy rush, so i’ll have lots of free time soon!  the benefits of working in the school picture business, haha – there isn’t any school during the summer!also, admittedly, what free time i’ve had has been totally and completely sucked up by the avengers and, for some reason, tony/loki.  oh my god.  have you guys seen the movie yet?  if you haven’t, why not??!  go.  go, right now!  now.  i’ve seen it four times and already have plans to see it at least twice more.  it’s freaking awesome.  /obsessed and pathetic and in love...anyway.  >.>  i’m leaving for florida tomorrow and i won’t be back until tuesday, but next weekend should be nice and relaxed and lazy so i should finally be able to make some progress on the next chapter!  bear with me, loves, it won’t be too much longer!  and we’re kinda sorta (but not really) coming up on the end, so hopefully i’ll be able to bang some updates out without so long a wait in between in the next coming months!thanks for sticking with me!!!  i’ll be back soon with something more exciting~ ♥
 
8 comments | leave a comment




 


03 april 2012 @ 11:26 pm
fic:  all the answers - chapter 28  


title: all the answersfandom: harry potterrating: nc-17pairing: harry/dracoword count: 7400disclaimer: it's not mine. jkr is the brilliant mind behind hp.notes: this is a post-hbp 7th year fic that is not compliant with deathly hallows at all.  many, many thanks to my awesome beta, lksnarry1!summary: finding himself saddled with draco malfoy is just about the last thing harry expected to happen this year. too bad ignoring the git is something he’s never been able to do. horcruxes, war, and teenage hormones – no one ever said this would be easy!--> all chapters can be found here. <--( chapter 28collapse )you can also read it at ao3 or skyehawke.tags: answers
 
24 comments | leave a comment




 


 



12 march 2012 @ 11:05 pm
fic:  all the answers - chapter 27  


title: all the answersfandom: harry potterrating: nc-17pairing: harry/dracoword count: 7700disclaimer: it's not mine. jkr is the brilliant mind behind hp.notes: this is a post-hbp 7th year fic that is not compliant with deathly hallows at all.  many, many thanks to my awesome beta, lksnarry1!summary: finding himself saddled with draco malfoy is just about the last thing harry expected to happen this year. too bad ignoring the git is something he’s never been able to do. horcruxes, war, and teenage hormones – no one ever said this would be easy!--> all chapters can be found here. <--( chapter 27collapse )you can also read it at ao3 or skyehawke.tags: answers
 
18 comments | leave a comment




 


 



12 february 2012 @ 11:46 pm
fic:  all the answers - chapter 26, part 1  


title: all the answersfandom: harry potterrating: nc-17pairing: harry/dracoword count: 11,600disclaimer: it's not mine. jkr is the brilliant mind behind hp.notes: this is a post-hbp 7th year fic that is not compliant with deathly hallows at all.  many, many thanks to my awesome beta, lksnarry1!summary: finding himself saddled with draco malfoy is just about the last thing harry expected to happen this year. too bad ignoring the git is something he’s never been able to do. horcruxes, war, and teenage hormones – no one ever said this would be easy!--> all chapters can be found here. <--( chapter 26, part 1collapse )you can also read it at skyehawke.tags: answers
 
6 comments | leave a comment




 


 



12 february 2012 @ 11:45 pm
fic:  all the answers - chapter 26, part 2  


( chapter 26, part 2collapse )you can also read it at skyehawke.tags: answers
 
20 comments | leave a comment




 


10 february 2012 @ 01:56 pm
swas stuff  


i've been getting a lot of emails and messages lately wondering where all the fanart for swas is, since my website kind of...doesn't exist anymore, haha.  and i know it can be found scattered throughout all the chapters, but there were so many icons and pictures and stuff that i figured it would probably be easiest if i gathered everything together in one place so i could just link to it.  so i edited the code i used on the website and made it lj-friendly, and voilà!'starts with a spin' main page.fanart, banners, icons, the beta battle goldie and miints did -- everything is there!  and i've linked to it in the epilogue of swas, too.  hopefully all the credits are correct.  way back when, i did my best to save everything and keep the names of who drew/colored/created it all.  although, if you feel like something is missing, let me know.  man, so many memories!!  :danyway, enjoy!...as for answers, just waiting to get the chapter back and then it will go up.  except for on ff.net, unless they get their act together and fix the sign-in page.  anyone have any idea what's going on over there??  it's been down since last night!
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


 



09 february 2012 @ 01:46 am
and back  


okay!computer is fixed!chapter is finished!just sending it off to be beta'd now and it should be up by the end of the week!huzzah.seriously, i'm so sorry for the wait.  >.>
 
15 comments | leave a comment




 


20 january 2012 @ 10:00 pm
sooo...  


hey guys!sorry for the total lack of a new chapter. i have excuses galore, which i'm sure nobody wants to hear, but -- i'm not even sure where january has disappeared to, to be honest! it's my busiest month at work for the winter season, so i've been putting in a lot of extra hours. i went to nyc two weekends in a row to see darren criss on broadway. my mom spent three nights in the hospital because she had bilateral pneumonia.annnd today my laptop decided it didn't want to turn on. so i'm actually posting this from my phone. the power button just...stopped working, which is totally lame. i have to send it to dell so they can fix it, and they told me it could take up to ten business days.so.i'm not sure when i'll be able to update. my hard drive should be fine, so at least i won't have to start the chapter over (hopefully), but yeah. just wanted to let you guys know!really sorry!!! kind of been in a writing slump for the past month or so, but by the time i get my laptop back i think i definitely will have had a long enough break.till then! <3
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























