















puyallup, wa | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      our community      business      services      i want to...  




 














policepublic safety








librarybooks & more










 
 














municipal courtinformation & services








parks & recparks, facilities & programs










 
 














meeting agendasfind meetings








pay my billfast & easy










 
 














permit & developmentget started










 
 
 



 








































  
 
 

























 














city announcements
 






  
 




 featured
 latest news




 featured















18th st sw closed for emergency repairs 


public works has closed 18th st sw from w pioneer to 5th ave sw due to a sinkhole that has appeared in the road. crews anticipate the road to be closed for two weeks.						read on...







9th ave sw closed for construction starting in february 


beginning monday, february 3, 2025, 9th ave sw between s meridian and 5th st sw will be closed to all vehicle traffic. the city is reconstructing 9th ave sw into a festival street.						read on...







see click fix 


see an issue on our roads and streets? report it to us using seeclickfix, a convenient way to send service requests through your smartphone.						read on...







winter weather driving tips 


when the temperatures drop, and snow and ice begin to appear on our roads, then it is a good time to drive (or better yet, stay home) safely.						read on...







sign up for puyallup alerts 


enroll in puyallup alerts, the city's official emergency alert system. using the system, the city can send life safety information quickly to you. sign up for alerts via text, phone and email by going to our webpage.						read on...







view all featured




/civicalerts.aspx


 

 latest news






 



 
 
 



 














click to edit...








click to edit...










 
 














click to edit...








click to edit...










 
 














click to edit...










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







puyallup city hall333 s. meridianpuyallup, wa 98371phone: 253-841-4321open monday - friday: 8 am - 5 pmcontact city council
 






  
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









