




      welcome to union savings bank: achieve your financial goals with us
    


























home
skip to main content
skip to footer



      download acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
   











in observance of presidents’ day, all our branches will be closed on monday, february 17th. online banking and atms will remain available 24/7 for your convenience. regular business hours will resume on tuesday, february 18th. 

close alert












      welcome to union savings bank: achieve your financial goals with us
    








fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government






union savings bank























toggle menu
        






          close menu





close menu


personal


checking

savings & cds

auto & personal loans

debit cards

digital banking

additional services



business


meet our team

checking

savings & cds

loans

digital banking

additional services



invest


meet our team

trusts and estates

investment management

portfolio login



mortgage


meet our team

home loan options

first time homebuyers



connect


resources


news

help center

reorder checks

financial calculators



about us


our story

careers

community commitment



get in touch


find a location

message us

donation request

secure file transfer





locations






search


close



loginclose







close login

welcome back!log in to your account.


username





password





 



enroll
forgot password
investment & trust portfolio









close search

what can we help you find?


search


start site search






union savings bank

this slideshow visually displays up to three slides one at a time. the carousel is set to autoplay a different slide every eight seconds. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use play/pause button, slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the hero section
















limited time cd specials!

91 day cd at 4.01% apy
182 day cd at 3.79% apy
7 month cd at 3.74% apy

start earning now!




















fall in love with your dream home

 discover our mortgage solutions and make your homeownership dreams a reality
 
get pre-approved!



















trust in our expertise, invest in your future

our investment & trust team will help you plan for what matters most to you - now and for the future.
 
schedule your freeconsultation today!













play/pause













your future. our focus.




our story













welcome to union savings bank – your trusted partner in financial success.

at union savings bank, we’re more than just a bank – we’re part of your community. with a legacy of local trust and personalized service, we are dedicated to helping you achieve your financial goals. whether for personal or business banking, our expertise and commitment ensure we’re with you every step of the way, building brighter financial futures together.







this slideshow visually displays up to six slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the quicklinks section








our story




locations




help




careers




news

















this slideshow visually displays up to three slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past this ad section












welcome aboard, deborah!



we’re thrilled to welcome deborah to our team as a customer service specialist at our south street location in freeport. deborah brings with her significant customer service experience across various industries. her extensive background and dedication to excellence make her a valuable addition to our team. we’re excited to have her on board and look forward to her contributions to providing exceptional service!
















welcome aboard, john!



we’re excited to welcome john gray as our new trust portfolio advisor. with over 20 years of investment management experience, most recently from truist in georgia, john brings extensive expertise in portfolio management and strategic investment. his skills will enhance our ability to deliver tailored trust and financial services to our clients. we are confident that john’s knowledge and experience will make a significant impact on our team. please join us in welcoming john to union savings bank!
















welcome aboard, kelsey!



we’re thrilled to welcome kelsey bronkema as assistant vice president, mortgage loan originator. with extensive experience in the mortgage industry, she brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to our team. kelsey is passionate about guiding clients through the home financing process, offering personalized solutions to meet their unique needs. her background in compliance, processing, and loan assistance gives her a comprehensive understanding of the mortgage landscape.









play/pause










why bank with union savings bank?
since 1883, we've been committed to our community's success and the people, businesses, and relationships that build it. no matter your banking needs, we will work hard to earn your business and be a trusted financial partner for life. your future. our focus.











stay informed with our monthly newsletter!






sign up for our exclusive monthly newsletter to receive the latest updates, expert advice, and news on rates directly in your inbox.

subscribe now








visit an office





we have four convenient offices and numerous atms located in northern illinois.

hours and locations








free account alerts





with notifi alerts you'll get instant texts or mobile alert for account activity, like low balances. 

learn more












back to the top








union savings bank













contact


815.235.0800

mon-fri 8:30m-5pm

routing #271171988

find a location



social


instagram

facebook

linkedin



support


debit cards

help center



legal


privacy

disclosures

social guidelines

community reinvestment act notice














©  union savings bank
member fdic
 equal housing lender
created by banno















