


123 bishoujo!





















 










"all creators must be hard."
       -f.w. nietzsche

"those who can't do, teach."
       -some bitter old teacher




don't you just love those how to draw books? they're so full of gorgeous, inspiring, unattainable art. and the writers have such faith in the abilites of the readers. most of the lessons come down to this: 'here is a spectacularly intricate and difficult drawing; now you draw it.'
but seriously, for some people, that seems to be good enough. talented artists see the magnificent drawing, and say, 'why, i'll just draw it!' and they do. most of us lesser mortals, however, are left scratching our heads and muttering, 'draw that!? but how?'

there are advantages to having no talent. it forces you to examine processes. you can't skip steps. you have to know what you're doing, because otherwise you can't do it.

i have no drawing talent. you may think i'm being facetious. i wish! i've been doodling and reading how-to books all my life, and i'm still not a good artist. however, any level of skill i have attained has been earned. i've broken down the processes of drawing into tiny, simple steps that even i can't screw up. and because i know all the steps, i can teach them.

what follows is a simple tutorial on how to draw the manga head. it is tediously long and detailed. those of you who actually have talent will get very frustrated with it, because it skips no steps, takes nothing for granted. but those of you who, like me, get frustrated reading how-to-draw guides for people with talent, may find that it's just what you need.

i can't promise to turn you into a hiraku hayashi. i'm certainly not one. but if you follow this step by step by step guide, you will be able to draw a simple cute manga-style head from any angle. trust me, if i can do it, anyone can.

so let's get to it. let's reduce art to a science through sheer brute stubbornness!




note that the drawings in this tutorial are kept very simple. i think it's better to keep tutorial drawings focused on what they're trying to teach. if you're looking to be amazed by great art, buy a book.


