















registrar | university of arizona office of the registrar | office of the registrar



















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


student forms


catalog & policies


faqs






dates & deadlines

order transcripts

order official transcript
order official transcript  (no netid)
order unofficial transcript
learn more about transcripts








 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

about the office
contact
projects
staff directory
history
events



support services

military-connected benefits & certifications
residency classification for tuition purposes
graduation services
classroom services
term information & updates



records & enrollment

enrollment
petitions & appeals
transcripts & verifications
personal information
summer session
winter session



privacy & ferpa

ferpa
student & parent information
instructor & staff information
ferpa faqs
directory information



faculty & staff resources

academic policy
academic calendar
courses & catalog
room & course scheduling
grading
forms & help guides
open forums






























need to add, change, or withdraw a class? use the change of schedule form  






 






office of the registrar we are here to serve students, faculty, staff, and alumni through registration, record-keeping, course and classroom management, and academic support. our mission is to support teaching, learning and student development by maintaining the integrity of academic policies and the student information system.













announcements 






 





updates to the bachelor’s degree requirements, multiple majors & degrees and the major declaration policies

amendments to the policies include updates to clarify requirements, consolidate information, and eliminate restrictive rules like unit and timing constraints for sequential degrees. these changes support timely graduation and help students make informed decisions aligned with their academic goals by aligning standards across all pathways and reducing administrative complexities. 
read the policy memo in full 







new submission process for military tuition assistance (ta) vouchers

military-connected students using tuition assistance vouchers have a new eform in uaccess student center to utilize when uploading department of defense tuition assistance ta vouchers. this new process will streamline the submission process and allow for quick communication with the military-connected benefits certification (mcbc) team. students can also make updates to their submission as needed. 
how to submit ta vouchers in uaccess student center







updates to the undergraduate transfer policies 

the updated undergraduate transfer credit policy consolidates all prior transfer credit policies into a single, streamlined policy outlining options for transferring coursework from various institutional sources. key changes include the elimination of the 64-unit limit on transfer credits from community colleges, simplifying pathways for bulk completion of general education requirements, and removing the ‘averaging of grade for final non-university credit course’ policy. these changes provide greater clarity, flexibility, and efficiency for undergraduate students navigating transfer credit processes.refer to the policy memo below for more details on when the policy changes will be implemented. 
undergraduate transfer credit policy memo 







rcs news - february 2025

annoucementsproject kickoff: evaluating room scheduling software updatesmanaging the schedule of classesfinal preparations for summer & fall 2025 schedule of classeshow the shopping cart fits into the class enrollment processscheduling tip: importance of contact minute complianceclassroom spotlight: social sciences 411upcoming scheduling dates & deadlines
view rcs news february 2025












upcoming events 






 
 


skip to search and filter













1 – 2 p.m., feb. 18, 2025



all about grades: policy, recording, and submitting 


review grading policies, best practices for recording and submitting grades, and addressing special situations.














1 – 2 p.m., march 18, 2025



exploring micro-credentials and digital badges


join us for an open forum on micro-credentials and digital badges, where we’ll discuss their role in recognizing skills, competencies, and achievements.  
















2 – 3 p.m., april 22, 2025



ask us anything


join us for an overview of the office's diverse functions, updates on upcoming initiatives, and an open q&a session. 










view all events on the calendar




































administration building | main floor, room 210
1401 e. university blvd., tucson, az 85721  |  p.o. box 210066
phone: 520-621-3113  |  email: reghelp@arizona.edu
office hours: monday – friday,  8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.




 





















we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














