 terra nova ecological landscaping – sustainable landscaping in santa cruz county  

  

 
              homeservicestread lightly™ servicelandscape & garden designgarden coachinghardscapessoftscapescompost and mulchwater conservationlandscape constructionirrigationportfolioabout usken fosterjillian steinberger-fosterjobsbicycle gardenerlandscape installation crew memberlandscape foremanblogwhat the heck is permaculture?plant in focusgot chai mulch?new earth homesteadthe ground we stand onsanta cruz green business networkbiography of ken fosterabout the blogcontact  welcome to terra nova ecological landscapingserving santa cruz since 1988.                servicesexplore our wide range of ecological landscaping services.                portfolioview photos of our work.            1   
 1     terra nova ecological landscaping started in 1988 as a full-service (design, build, maintain) ecological landscaping company focusing on the creation of beautiful living systems for public and private lands. we offer expertise in sustainability, organics, permaculture, drought tolerance, and native plant knowledge.services
ecological landscaping services.in patients with hepatic dysfunction, decreased clearance of amlodipine may increase the area-under-the-plasma-concentration curve by 40%-60%, and dosage reduction may be required (see dosage and administration). a number of other factors from genetics to lifestyle to environmental exposures are likely to influence the onset and course of ad. anthrasil dosage and administration for intravenous use only web. beconase aq nasal spray should not be continued beyond 3 weeks in the absence of significant symptomatic improvement.servicesportfolio
view photos of our work. portfolioabout us
unpaving the way since 1988. about uscustomer testimonial“landscape design and installation is a commitment: financial, creative, and emotional. it was important to us that the company we chose acknowledged these sentiments. there are numerous landscape companies to choose from: from start to finish, terra nova landscaping demonstrated integrity, efficiency, and extensive gardening knowledge through our process of landscape design, materials selection, and execution. the expertise of the installation crew and ken and jillian’s planting ideas, breadth of knowledge, and availability for questions contributed to the ease of the process. they say that a garden brings about a sense of tranquility, a source of inspiration, nurtures our souls and brings about wisdom and joy. through our shared goals and vision, terra nova landscaping company created this enduring garden – an oasis in our backyard.” —trish & jeff, soquel




 recent posts
cabrillo’s permaculture class – life affirming!
impacts of leaf blowers
terra nova is the proud sponsor of permaculture collaborative.
fall tips for a climate resilient garden
top summer gardening tips from terra nova ecological landscapingmailing address
po box #677
santa cruz, ca 95061phone
831.425.3514sign up for our newsletterfollow us on instagram @terranovasantacruzfollow us on facebook searchsearchnavigation menuhomeservicesportfolioabout uscontactblog
 homeservicestread lightly™ servicelandscape & garden designgarden coachinghardscapessoftscapescompost and mulchwater conservationlandscape constructionirrigationportfolioabout usken fosterjillian steinberger-fosterjobsbicycle gardenerlandscape installation crew memberlandscape foremanblogwhat the heck is permaculture?plant in focusgot chai mulch?new earth homesteadthe ground we stand onsanta cruz green business networkbiography of ken fosterabout the blogcontact 


