


dawner's thoughts





















    
	dawner's thoughts
	
  
i have turned this site into my ideas and views, as days pass by so do our daily encounters. enjoy!






saturday, may 05, 2007



	 
	 graduation
	 
    


i never thought this day would come but it did and i am so very happy. last week my oldest boy graduated from high school. for those of you that don't know my son. he has been quite the handful for many years. in more trouble then out of trouble for most of his life. he began his teenage age years the same as i did. hell bent! yet by some miracle in his mid teens he started to see the light. which had to have been blinding i think in order for him to see it. i wish i had known where to find it along time ago, the past years may have been a bit easier on both of us.i will never forget the day my son came home and told me that he wanted to drop out of school. my heart dropped to the floor. what made that moment in my life feel even lower was to hear the words that followed. my son was walking in my foot steps only 15 years later. he then said, "you didn't finish school mom and you are doing fine.". that one seemed to be a kick in the face. see he was totally right about me not finishing school.i was young when i got pregnant with him. this was before they had parenting classes in schools. i was pretty much pushed out of my school. there were 2 girls in my high school that were pregnant and i was told that i could go to school only till i began to show, then i would need to go else where. meaning the alternative high school that we had in our town. it was founded mostly for the kids that were considered "problem kids'. i didn't want to go there because i was trying to rid myself of a lot of the bad influences in my life. by going there i would have been right back in the crowd i was trying to get out of. after many talks with my son about how important his education is he slowly keep himself on track. i am so very proud of him and now he is talking with me about going to college. he still says he wants to be like me but i think he is seeing also that you have to give things time before making any decisions. i told him i was so very proud of the man he is becoming. when i started to think about it i was also proud of myself for all that we have been through together. we are still learning. i was so worried about making his the best that he ended up making mine better. my son gave me a present and i would like to share it with you. mother o' mineif i were hung on the highest hillmother o' mine, oh mother of minei know who's love would follow me stillmother o' mine, oh mother of mineif i were drowned in the deepest of seasmother o' mine, oh mother of minei know who's tears would come down to memother o' mine, oh mother of mineif  i were damned by body and souli know whose prayers would make me wholemother o' mine, oh mother of mine written by my incredible son:  alan 



posted by dawner at 5/05/2007 12:37:00 am
4 just let me know!






tuesday, may 01, 2007



	 
	 falling from grace
	 
    


 i pray for the lovethat has falling from gracethe tears left behindwon't wash from my facei'm left with all these feelingsbut nothing fills the spaceof the love that once was that has fallen from graceevery little picturethat's hanging on the wallevery little trace of youi have found them alli close my eyesit's all i can doeverywhere i look i see some part of youbeen through all the reasonsand they all seem to fitno ones pleaded guilty nowthere's nothing to admitthere's no one to blame babyonce you believecoz people only touch and gobut love will never leave!author unknown



posted by dawner at 5/01/2007 01:01:00 am
2 just let me know!






thursday, april 26, 2007



	 
	 had a bad night!!!
	 
    


had a horrid night. it has been a long time since i was in jail and i really don't want to experience that again for quite some time. anyway i am to tired and hungry to blog tonight. i will be back tomorrow. another episode in my oh so twisted life!



posted by dawner at 4/26/2007 09:51:00 pm
3 just let me know!






tuesday, april 24, 2007



	 
	 physical therapy
	 
    


went to the doctor today. elbow is still healing. it looks like 3 weeks of physical therapy and i should be back to work. no surgery!! yeah, yeah, yeah! (as i do a little jig) today's poetry entry.where is my life? my past is something of a disaster i have learned all the trades to be a master of depression, anxiety and despair it makes me wonder if i truly care about myself and where i'm going about my friends and who i am joining i look at all the influence and wonder if it is all coincidence that my life makes absolutely no sense it is hard to try and live  when all you do is give to everyone that steps in between a life that is broken down  without even a dream i wonder if i will ever feel clean but then again  what the fuck does that mean?   written by dawner 8-25-93



posted by dawner at 4/24/2007 07:35:00 pm
0 just let me know!






sunday, april 22, 2007



	 
	 till today
	 
    


i am back, it has been an awful hard month. i have been off work since april 4th. i had surgery about 3 years ago on my arm. it was called ulnar neuropathy surgery. it was very painful but i got through it. now i am having very similar problems with my other arm and have been off work due to these problems. i go back to the doctor on tuesday to see what is next. so i don't mean to be missing you all so much.till todayive seen what they call the promise landive walked alone with the devil in my handall i need is just a planto get myself back in the swingto wear the world as my golden ringits hard to begin from scratch with no one as your matchbut i will get alongill do o.k.let me tell you thisive made it till today written by dawner 4-18-93



posted by dawner at 4/22/2007 11:37:00 am
2 just let me know!






tuesday, february 27, 2007



	 
	 some say they like my poetry.....
	 
    


some say they like my poetry. i guess i have never really thought of it as anything less then just words. i began writing them about 15 years ago. it seems i write for a bit then the urge is gone. it is rather weird. i was thinking somewhere up in my mind,it is a place i don't much traveli seem to be on my way there more and more times,yet i always seem to lose my way i find myself another day,going again in that same directionoh, that's right my keys are on the table,off to work i go in a flashthe dinner bell rings at half past eight,my stomach growls as i anticipatethinking somewhere up in my mind,i bet my dinner is all but readyin the refrigerator back homeit's time to go rings out the last buzzer,jump in the car, come on let's goalmost home,gas gauge is blinkingonly two more blocks till smooth sailinginto the drive and turn off the key,up the stairs to find you asleepthinking somewhere up in my mind,what a day this has beenwanting only to be right here again,there's no map needed, no directions to keepopen arms reach out,with a come here babywithin his arms a gentle hand,brushes through my hairi hear him say,pobrecita mi hija, venga se mi hijathinking somewhere up in my mind,i don't need to travel therefor looking in his eyes, all i need is herewritten by dawner 2-27-07



posted by dawner at 2/27/2007 10:12:00 am
7 just let me know!






sunday, february 18, 2007



	 
	 happy birthday
	 
    


happy birthday marko    i know, i know i am always late. i will see you tonight for supper on me for your big day!



posted by dawner at 2/18/2007 12:13:00 am
1 just let me know!






wednesday, february 14, 2007



	 
	 my lost valentine
	 
    


this goes out to someone that i love, loved and lost. happy valentine's day! i miss you and i am sorry!i lost my valentine today!i thought i felt him behind me this morning,it was only the fluff of the pillow that supported my backi thought i felt his breath upon my neck,i awoke to the lonely cold drafts of emptiness that surrounded mei thought i smelled him upon my covers,it was only the faintest of aroma'si thought i heard him say my name,it was only the television that had been left on all nighti know he is still here,i can still feel him insideplease no games to day,i don't want you to hidei closed my eyes and wished for sleep,a dream perhaps of you and mei know your not here,i only wish you were still minecan anyone please try and find,my one and onlylost valentinewritten and posted by dawner!



posted by dawner at 2/14/2007 04:20:00 am
5 just let me know!













about me

name:  dawner 
location:  iowa, united states 
a little of this and a little of that. who really knows what i will feel like blogging from day to day? hope you enjoy! comments always welcome!
view my complete profile
 


caught in these webs

goth art 
the used 
little bro marko 
absent-minded jay 
will work for ice creams 
phreadom 
jerk of all trades 
fifth circle of cubic hell 
draven99's musings
the zombieslayer
the celeb. trash can
the 25 year plan
mindless blather
s.n.a.b.u
brad's brain
heavy metal time machine
the musings of david amulet

music information links

target center tickets
ticketmaster
metal rules
metal sludge 
blog visitors


























moon info






























what i have said before

graduation
falling from grace
had a bad night!!!
physical therapy
till today
some say they like my poetry.....
happy birthday
my lost valentine
life's to short
tired

more things i said longer before

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
february 2007
april 2007
may 2007




this site is of expression


 the ideas and views expressed here are solely mine. they were not made to offend anyone. if they have, then leave. artwork within this blog are not mine. poems written by me are posted as so. please respect them!









