










home - mckenna















































 















non-profit resource directory  |  reports |  news

inspiration

hunger
housing
mental health
early childhood
youth
individuals with idd


influence

food bank
nb housing partners
behavioral health task force
early matters
nbyc
rock haus


impact

giving database
non-profit impact stories


the foundation

history
current stewardship
foundation trustees & team members


community partners

yes, we can
training and capacity-building
events center


 













uniquely suited to fulfill community needs




uniquely suited to fulfill community needs





welcome to the
mckenna foundation
continuing a legacy of community spirit born 70 years ago
through inspiration, influence, and impact









local spotlight





acacia
acacia is committed to providing free wellness services for comal county.

learn more about acacia »








the latest news




mckenna foundation sees major milestones in 2024
2024 was a milestone year for the mckenna foundation, breaking admission records for the children’s museum, surpassing $30 million in lifetime community grants, and awarding grants to local schools for the first time in the foundation’s history. 

read more »





nbyc advances mill street youth center project
upon completion, the youth center will provide a safe environment for students in grades 6th through 12th, offering them the tools to grow, connect, and excel.

read more »





herald-zeitung: mckenna foundation, new braunfels community focused on promoting kindness in 2025
on january 24, the mckenna foundation kicked off its choose kindness campaign to celebrate the good things happening in comal county.

read more »




see all news





inspiration. influence. impact. 
we stand on these three pillars to create positive and sustainable change.



inspiration
we meet people and non-profits in the community every day who give us the inspiration to enrich lives, strengthen families and create positive outcomes for this community. our futures are not yet written.
 


influence
through advocacy, shared understanding and grant making, the mckenna foundation works to influence community partners to become strong allies and take action. together we can make lasting change.
 


impact
actions big and small can make a difference. most importantly, we want impact that can be felt and measured today and for years to come.
 







 mckenna actively provides services to enhance the health and well-being of the greater new braunfels community, serving as a partner and resource to others who share our goals — now and for future generations.

 


 contact us » 
801 w. san antonio st. new braunfels, tx 78130
(830) 606-9500
8:30am – 4:30pm m-f
board portal

 






© mckenna foundation


 






 




































