







rollerdance.com richard humphrey




















            menu 


 rollerdance.com
          









shop


lessons


photos


biography


sponsor


contact














rollerdance.com
rollerdance.com
rollerdance.com



shop for videos and gear


get rollerdance lessons













rollerdance lessons


            every sunday, richard gives world class rollerdancing lessons at a
            beautiful, large, indoor studio! attendence by reservation only.
            email rich@rollerdance.com


the rollerdance academy:

            where:

              weekes community center park
              27182 patrick ave
              hayward, ca 94544



            when:
            every sunday 9am - 1pm
            beginner lessons: 9 - 10am






            cost:
            $20.00 per class (or donations).
            bring your own skates and pads.
          

            make a reservation:
            rich@rollerdance.com


            if you can't make it to san francisco, let rollerdance.com bring our
            workshop tour to your company, expo, fair, tradeshow, school or
            university. learning to dance on skates makes for a great team
            building experience that promotes health, fitness and improved self
            esteem within any organization or age group.
          







photos





















































previous



next









biography
hi.... i'm richard humphrey

            my career as a professional skater began in 1978 at the height of
            rollerdisco when i was selected to participate in a television pilot
            called, "dancing wheels," directed by saul zants productions. that
            year, i formed a group of san francisco based skaters called the,
            "golden rollers."
          

            from 1980 to 1982, i performed in sao paulo, brazil, annually in the
            san francisco fair, public performances on behalf of ksfx fm and
            acted as program / skating director at san francisco's le park
            skating rink. during 1982 to 1990, i appeared in performances before
            the san francisco ballet for michael smuin; by special invitation
            asked to appear as the opening act for comedian ronny schell and
            phyllis diller; television appearance on shows, "evening magazine"
            and "real people."
          

            from 1990 to 1995, i taught classes for university of california,
            san francisco at the third wave dance studio, including seminars and
            health expositions. in 1995, i opened up my own rollerdance studio
            in san francisco--the only one between here and new york, and
            currently teach about two classes a week.
          

            from 1996-1997, i produced my first instructional video called,
            "rollerdancing--a workout on skates," along with a step-by-step
            booklet. i performed in a half-time show for the oakland skates
            hockey team, and...by special request--choreographed dance steps for
            olympic gold medalist--kristi yamaguchi. i also appeared in the
            october 1996 issue of ebony magazine in an article about
            rollerdancing.
          

            in 1999, i received a patent on the rollerdeck-plus fitness machine.
            the videos and fitness machine are the product of my passion for
            fitness and skating.
          

            i have worked as damon wayans rollerdance stunt double and most
            recently appeared on the dr. oz show in 2010 to teach him the steps
            of rollerdance.
          

            to present, i still teach rollerdance classes at my rollerdance
            academy for all levels at weeks community park in hayward ca. every
            sunday from 9am - 1pm.
          







richard as product spokesperson

            articulate, charismatic, energetic and well received by groups of
            all ages! richard's style would make him memorable for any print
            campaign and his voice lends credibility for voice over work.
          

            experienced in television, theater and stage performing, on or off
            rollerskates richard humphrey is capable of representing your brand
            with class, style and exceptional professionalism.
          

            richard and his family live in san francisco, ca. when not taking
            his roll on the road, he enjoys bowling, golf, classic car
            restoration and home improvement projects.
          







contact richard
feel free to contact me with any questions about rollerskating!
rich@rollerdance.com



facebook











copyright © rollerdance.com 2024

          website maintained by jack cole


















