


proline gold mining and prospecting equipment, inc.

























mining equipment, inc.


 phone no. (209)878-3770
 email sales@prolinemining.com





home
about
products

prospecting tools
dredge/highbanker combos
dredge/highbanker accessories
gold dredges
diving equipment
parts & accessories


in action
faqs
price list / order form
contact us


























 





















due to ongoing market fluctuations, prices are changing frequently.  for the latest pricing information click here.




prospecting tools
our experience has shown that having dependable tools can make all the difference. quality gear lasts longer and can make any task easier. prolne gold pans, sluice boxes, and prospecting tools can help.
more


dredge/
                                    highbankers 
our dredge/highbanker combos have become the standard against which all other dual purpose machines are measured. the reason is simple. all of our combos are designed with one goal in mind.
more


gold 
                                    dredges
we understand the importance of performance, reliability and cost. many years of research and development, along with decades of invaluable  dredging experience, have gone into the dredges we build today. 
more


parts & accessories
looking for something? select from our extensive list of parts and accessories. from engines and pumps, to pontoons and gaskets, we've got you covered. take a look. our selection is unbeatable!
more





your source for premium quality, american made prospecting 
                              and small scale mining products.


we take pride in crafting the most durable and efficient small mining equipment in the industry
proline mining equipment, inc. is a company that was born out of a need for durable prospecting and small scale alluvial mining products. the company has evolved into its present position as a highly respected manufacturer of quality portable mining equipment and related hardware.




today, proline is an industry leader, utilizing multiple state-of-the-art manufacturing processes. we are proud to say that our equipment can be found successfully operating in harsh conditions around the globe. this is because every item we produce is built as if we were going to use it ourselves. this is equipment built for miners, by miners. our pledge to you is that proline mining equipment, inc. will continue to make available innovative products of the highest quality by combining the experience of yesterday with the manufacturing technology of tomorrow.



















proline mining equipment, inc. © 2022 • 10002 ernst road, coulterville, california 95311 • tel: 209.878.3770  • fax: 209.878.3770 •  e-mail: sales@prolinemining.com •    







