



















naturopathic medicine in flagstaff, az | flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine































































 (928) 498-8777 -  (928) 457-1357								 705 n. leroux st, flagstaff, az 86001  
  rate us:       










home
about

meet the doctor


new patients

online forms


patient portal
services
iv therapy
blog
contact

appointments


 













we welcome new patients  
 request an appointment today! 




call us: (928) 498-8777
get directions
request an appointment
  rate us:       













welcome to flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine
established in 1986, the flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine is the oldest naturopathic clinic in flagstaff. patients at the flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine receive the best care possible from a caring doctor who will listen and is knowledgeable in the latest, proven approaches to good health.
the clinic offers complete family healthcare through the use of natural therapies. our practitioners meet regularly to discuss cases and collaborate on solutions to various problems our patients are experiencing while maintaining strict patient confidentiality. we provide high quality, individualized patient care in a friendly, comfortable environment.
no matter the concern, patients are in good hands with dr. emily davenport.









what we offer


naturopathic physicians are the only primary care physicians clinically trained in a wide variety of natural therapies:

clinical nutrition
bio-identical hormone replacement therapy
botanical medicine
iv therapy
autoimmune
chronic viral infections, including ebv and post covid
primary care
infrared sauna therapy













appointments
we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule.
request an appointment today!
request appointment








dear flagstaff clinic patients,
in the interest of streamlining our process for supplements, we have opened up an online ordering system for you to order supplements and have them delivered directly to your door within 2 days. certain supplements will need to be ordered through the clinic, and most supplements can still be ordered through our office if you choose; we will just need a few business days for most orders.
we believe this method of obtaining supplements will be more convenient and efficient, so please sign up and find out what you can order by clicking the button below, or call 1-855-935-5382 to create an account. shipping is free for orders over $49 and a flat rate of $4.95 for orders under that amount.
sign up today












 testimonials 



	                    			i have been a patient at the flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine for 20 years now and have been so impressed with every visit.  before i...  read more  
chris p.



	                    			hands down, the best doctor's office ive been to. never going to another doctor for anything. very thorough treatment, addresses all issues, offers...  read more  
agnel e.



	                    			i appreciate the nds at this clinic for always listening and thinking outside of the box to help me. i have seen my regular physician and also gone...  read more  
bren s.



	                    			amazing dr and amazing staff….knowledgeable and kind hearted….best dr office ever…all issues i have had were resolved….they really listen to...  read more  
sabine k.



	                    			excellent service! i am new to flagstaff and am so happy to have found dr. davenport. i feel so relieved that my husband and i have a natural health...  read more  
stacy d.



	                    			i just had my first appointment with dr. davenport. i won't go into why or what as each person will have their own reasons for seeing a physician. i...  read more  
spencer m.







chris p.i have been a patient at the flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine for 20 years now and have been so impressed with every visit.  before i started going there, i had strep throat 1-2x a year but have only had one step through in the past 20 years after following the nutrition advice i received.  my daughter has also been a patient and has been very healthy.  i feel so lucky to have such an amazing clinic in flagstaff! 

agnel e.hands down, the best doctor's office ive been to. never going to another doctor for anything. very thorough treatment, addresses all issues, offers many other treatment options rather than just pharmaceuticals, 10 out of 10.
 

bren s.i appreciate the nds at this clinic for always listening and thinking outside of the box to help me. i have seen my regular physician and also gone to mayo for help with neuropathy but the best treatment came from dr davenport who was willing to prescribe a med that is not well known for this condition and it is working absolute wonders for me despite the assurances from a neurologist that nothing would help. i also go to this clinic for hashimoto's and pain management. 

sabine k.amazing dr and amazing staff….knowledgeable and kind hearted….best dr office ever…all issues i have had were resolved….they really listen to you…..dr davenport, tracy, heidi and molly…thank you 

stacy d.excellent service! i am new to flagstaff and am so happy to have found dr. davenport. i feel so relieved that my husband and i have a natural health resource now to keep us healthy for years to come : ) 

spencer m.i just had my first appointment with dr. davenport. i won't go into why or what as each person will have their own reasons for seeing a physician. i will say that dr. davenport really listens and asks the right questions. i didn't feel rushed or pushed or even judged, as you can often feel when seeking healthcare. i left feeling confident that i am on the right path for a healthy resolution. 


















 connect with us 

						we'd love to hear from you! request an appointment  using our convenient appointment request form or call us today at (928) 498-8777.
						for all prescription refills, allow 72 hours for processing.

					

 request appointment 
 location + hours 









(928) 498-8777
 705 n. leroux st, flagstaff, az 86001  







 
					© 2025 flagstaff clinic of naturopathic medicine |
		        	sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia













  call us   text us 






skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








