




equusperformance









home
                /
                about





services
                /
                contact














always
placing your champions
first




in the winners' enclosure

equusperformance always assists you in ensuring your horses secure their rightful place in
                the winners enclosure every time. our highly esteemed clients have had the most profound
                success in all equestrian disciplines including racing, showjumping, eventing, endurance and
                arabian showing. through our meticulous eye and attention to detail which is rivalled by
                none, we ensure success at the very highest level.
elite equine care

as a well established and recognised international equine sports consultation and therapy
                    business, we have been providing first class care to the competitive equine industry with
                    year round service and peace of mind with first class availability. our services include
                    massage and laser therapy, myofascial release therapy and consultation in nutrition,
                    veterinary diagnostic and therapeutic choices, equine behaviour and fitness regimes. the
                    knowledge imparted has been gleaned over a 20 year career in the industry and a highly
                    esteemed education from the incomparable and world renowned royal (dick) veterinary
                    school at the university of edinburgh. this is why our discerning clients are always safe in
                    the knowledge that with equusperformance, their horses are in the best possible hands.


services
massage therapy

                at equus performance, massage therapy is our main modality and during our sessions we
work on a holistic approach. after gait and conformation analysis is carried out we carry out
a whole body massage session which ensures that all areas of the body are worked on. this
means that the horse does not end any session with compensatory issues forming. correct
use of massage techniques requires knowledge and skill and this way we can improve
circulation and lengthen muscle fibre. the lengthening of muscle fibre is essential in
maintaining our healthy equine athletes. the increase in stride length from efficiently
functioning muscle fibres means the difference between first and second place and as your
horses therapist we leave no stone unturned in our achievement of excellence.
            
myofascial release

                myofascial release is a non-directional modality which works on the fascia in the body of the
horse. the fascia is the web which holds the muscle tissues and is a 3 dimensional
interconnecting web which runs through the body. for this reason, working on one area often
impacts another with astonishing results being seen with tense horses who hold and
internalise a lot of issues.
            
laser therapy

                at equusperformance we use the latest veterinary grade class 3b laser. low level laser
therapy (lllt) is used to improve wound and soft tissue healing in horses and involves the
use of a portable laser unit. the process is non-invasive and can give relief for both acute
and chronic pain. miraculous results have been achieved in our experience with open
wounds and tendon lesions. the laser works on the body at a cellular level, stimulating the
mitochondria of the cells and increasing cell permeability. the release of adenosine
triphosphate (atp) is increased and this in turn reduces inflammation and enhances tissue
repair.
            


about

                kat michael has obtained her msc equine science from the highly esteemed and world
renowned royal (dick) veterinary school of the university of edinburgh. modules of
scientific methodology, equine behaviour and welfare, equine nutrition and digestion and
equine orthopaedics were passed with distinction and with a dissertation on a review of
equine tendinopathies.
            

                kat michael is no stranger to equine rehabilitation and even as a youngster took a great
interest in ex racehorses who had suffered tendon and ligament injuries. she successfully
rehabilitated and rode many thoroughbreds in her formative years in the field of 3 day
eventing. when her own ex racehorse suffered a horrific accident in 2002 kat gave up her
days to rehabilitate him herself. he made a miraculous recovery which astounded the chief
surgeon at the royal veterinary college. he returned to his showjumping career despite
having been given a prognosis of never being more than a pasture ornament and defied all
the odds. this spurred kat on to change her career.
            

                kat left the legal profession and retrained in 2005 as an equine bodyworker with the highly
esteemed and regarded anatomist and olympic physiotherapist debranne patillo. kat then
went on to specialist in myofascial release and in 2008 purchased her first grade 4 laser.
this began a very successful time healing and rehabilitating horses with severe injury and
torn tendons. so successful was this first foray into laser therapy that core lesions of
approximately 2cm were scanned as healed within 12 weeks with racehorses returning
successfully to the winning enclosure. kat has worked with all kinds of injuries as well as
congenital and acquired deformities in foals with hugely successful results.
            

                in 2012, kat was seeking even more knowledge and information and was accepted and
enrolled successfully on the msc equine science program run through the royal (dick)
veterinary hospital at edinburgh university. in 2015, kat achieved the award of master of
equine science with distinctions. this has given kat a wealth of knowledge and ability to
scrutinise scientifically and objectively all products and procedures marketed to the
ambitious and conscientious horse owner, breeder and trainer. this is where kat truly
shines, having consulted for many top clients on many topics, thus ensuring their equine
athletes receive “diamond level” care and expertise which gives them the best competitive
edge in the international arena. kat is also able to advise, recommend and formulate alternative supplements and read and decipher blood results, again with a holistic approach,
to produce horses who not only shine but outstrip the competition.
            


contact

                to get in touch, please use the information below:
            


phone: 
+44 7572 467827


email: 

                        kat@equusperformance.com
                    





