

georgia drag racing









georgiadragracing.com - information about georgia drag racing history, personalities, activities and events.





about us
activities
articles & stories
bookstore
classifieds
directory


drag strips
forum
free ecards
links
news
photo gallery




			rescheduled - 5th annual buford car, truck and motorcycle show - now july 19, 2003, buford, ga.
			see news page for more info.

			david posted his review of musclecar power magazine and gave it a thumbs up!

georgia drag racing shirts, mugs, hats, and more - new designs for 2003 available now!
			 










home
			  about us
			  activities
			  articles & stories
			    how to submit to gdr
			  bookstore
			  classifieds
			  directory
			  drag strips
			  forum
			  hall of fame
			  links
			  news
			  photo gallery
			  post office
			  privacy
			  reunions
			  sponsors
photo album
photos on imagestation.com


sign my guestbook



support our sponsors:
			 
eastwood - for
			all your auto
			restoration needs







www.signsbykines.com

new designs for 2003!




			many other products, too!

script by mrrat
 









 search www
georgiadragracing.com
 johndilbeck.com






 







     search this site
						powered by freefind
       

  




click to subscribe to

			georgiadragracing

david dilbeck
david@georgiadragracing.com

please check out my
drag racing memorabilia 
			auctions on ebay.com.

http://georgiadragracing.com





georgia drag racing
home 
in memory of those who have gone on.
rest in peace
welcome to georgia drag racing, a site devoted to drag racing in and around atlanta, georgia. you'll find information related to the history of drag racing in georgia, some of the drivers, cars, and personalities involved, and links to current events and activities related to southeastern drag racing.
our site is presented to you in 2003 by renfroe mining and grading, owned by bogan renfroe.
this site will require your participation if it is to achieve its full destiny. we'd like to thank those of you who are sharing your stories, photos and memories with us.
do you have photos from any georgia drag racing events? would you like to share them in our photo gallery or photo album? did you participate? everyone who had any part in georgia drag racing is encouraged to share your articles & stories. did you own a track, manage one, help in the pits or take tickets, or work in the concession stand? were you a driver, mechanic, or sponsor of a car that raced in georgia? were you, or are you now, a fan of drag racing?
if so, then this site is for you!
sign up for the mailing list or register for the forum and share your stories. there are several boards in the forum that only become visible after you register. click on the register link on the top-right corner of the forum page, and please use your real first and last name. you need to enter your real email address, because the forum will automatically send an email to you with instructions on activating your account. once you've activated your account, you can log in, see the additional sections, and participate in the discussions. please take a moment to introduce yourself, first. there is no charge for participating in either the mailing list or the forum.
check out the news page for the latest updates.
there are lots of pages on this site, with more to come. sometimes it can be a bit tricky finding what you're looking for. to make it easier, every page has a search box towards the bottom of the left column. you can use google to search this website, johndilbeck.com, or the entire world wide web. enter one or more words in the box and click the google search button. a results page will open in a new window.
if you want to attend a drag racing event in and around georgia, check out our activities page. if you own or manage a track in georgia or the surrounding states, you're invited to send us your schedules and we'll post them in our drag strips section. if you submit your results, we'll post them, as well.
visit the hall of fame page to see the nhra division 2 outstanding contributors to drag racing in the southeast.
would you like to buy a book, magazine, or video about auto racing in general or drag racing in particular? drop into the bookstore and see what you can find. do you know of a book, video, or something else that we've overlooked? let us know, and we'll try to track it down and add it.
do you have a race car to sell, or would you like to purchase one? how about any racing parts? would you like to buy and sell drag racing memorabilia? check out the classifieds section!
are you looking for a link to other drag racing sites? our directory is small, but it'll be growing over the coming months. do you have a website related to drag racing? let us know and we'll see about linking to you. we'd appreciate it if you'd link to us, and while you're thinking about it, bookmark our site and come back to visit whenever you can.
been there? done that? get the t-shirt! georgia drag racing shirts, mugs, hats, and more - new designs for 2003 available now!
looking for decals like the pros? if so american sign letters can make all the car decals you want.
 
  
we also have over 1,000 free electronic greeting cards you can send. there are lots of standard holidays as well as weird events you can commemorate. tell someone happy birthday, invite him or her to dinner, or just send a pretty picture with your own comments. it's all available in our post office.

 

(go to top)


copyright © 2002 - 2003 by david w. dilbeck: david@daviddilbeck.com
			last built on monday, may 19, 2003 at 2:46:57 pm by jd
			webmaster: john l. dilbeck, jd@johndilbeck.com
			using radio userland and bbedit on apple macintosh computers.
 

our privacy statement may be read at privacy.





