






el teatro campesino | the official site












































 















facebook




twitter




instagram




rss



0 items
 












our history

about luis valdez


calendar

community circulos
dia de los muertos
la virgen del tepeyac
past events


programming

professional arts
community arts
arts education


etc blog
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










el teatro campesino 

celebrating 59 years of teatro chicano






donate to our everyday giving page













upcoming events at the etc playhouse







mar
15





film screening: “contemporary indigenous voices of california’s south coast range” 

limited capacity event at the etc playhouse. tickets required.

more info







apr
13





teatro family day fundraiser

annual family day event with games, food, raffles, entertainment and more! proceeds support our community arts programming offered year round. 

more info

donate to our campaign!







may
2025





“adios mama carlota” by luis valdez

luis valdez’ latest work will be performed at the etc playhouse this spring!
performances may 10 – june 2, 2025
previews may 2, 3, 4, 9 
stay tuned for more info!
 







aug
2025





palabra artist showcase

our annual artist showcase returns. open call for submissions this spring.







nov
2





dia de los muertos

annual event filled with celebrations and cultura for our dearly departed. free community event and procession!







dec
2025





“la pastorela” biennial holiday tradition

performances inside the etc playhousenovember 28 – december 21

more info





upcoming programs & opportunities for engagement







2025





community circulos: creators in community


learn more






view our 2025 calendar







about el teatro campesino










our history
since its inception, el teatro campesino and its founder and artistic director, luis valdez, have set the standard for latino theatrical production in the united states. founded in 1965 on the delano grape strike picket lines of cesar chavez’s united farmworkers union, the company created and performed “actos” or short skits on flatbed trucks and in union halls

learn more



our mission 
it is our mission to make teatro a creator of vibrant community

be part of our vibrant community of volunteers



covid-19 impact on programs
as of nov 2023, etc has entered it’s full return to in person programming inside our theater.








theatre of the sphere-new book release
by admin | jul 20, 2021 | luis valdez, news  theatre of the sphere the vibrant being by luis valdezedited by michael chemers book description from routledge theatre of the sphere is luis valdez’s exploration of the principles that underlie his innovations as a playwright, teacher, and theatrical innovator. he...



« older entries








our core areas of programming
from flatbed trucks to the broadway stage, for over fifty-seven years now, el teatro campesino has been at the forefront of using theater as an artistic generator of social change. the spheres of etc’s work can be summarized into three core areas: professional arts, community arts, and arts education.





professional artsproviding unique opportunities to experience the performing arts
learn more



community artsaccessible programming and productions that help create vibrant communities
learn more



arts education teatro integrated lessons that help equip the next generations with creative tools to succeed
learn more














luis valdez, founding artistic director & playwright
photo credit: robert eliason






“it’s absolutely essential for every generation to capture that social responsibility. injustice grows like weeds. the injustices of the world are like weeds, and if you do nothing they’ll choke your whole garden…”
-  luis valdez














join our email list




success!



name



email





subscribe now





















thank you to our funders













































become a sponsor







give today





donate



 






 




 


					en				


 
          						  es					          
en 




































