










home - batavia chamber of commerce

























































 
 

























skip to content












facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram
















 
member directorymember loginjoinsign up for our weekly digest











contact us




contact us 





































menu 
find a local business member directory member map request for proposalmembers membership benefits & pricing structure new member application member to member deals grow your business scholarships certificate of origin marketing opportunites ribbon cutting information & tips sponsorship eblast marketing banner adsabout us hours of operation board of directors & staff ambassadors & ambassador application our mission & vision testimonials contact uscommunity resources chamber bucks sales batavia flag sales inspire scholarships job board hot deals news releases meeting & event spacescommittees, referral groups & forums batavia women in business batavia business exchange chamber connectors tricity business council not-for-profit forumevents annual events awards & criteria citizen of the year information & criteria spirit of batavia information & criteria batavia community impact award & criteria ole awards donna dallesasse award networking events ribbon cuttings meeting & event spaces chamber events community eventsliving here dining shopping arts & entertainment lodging community partner links








 







 



























welcome to the batavia chamber of commerce

















					directory				








					jobs				








					member news				








					events				








					hot deals				








					map				








					weekly digest				



















mark your calendar












community events 


view community events 











chamber events 


view chamber events 





















learn more













 
batavia chamber 2025 community guide & membership directory 
this comprehensive guide is a valuable year-long resource providing community information and more.
learn more 

















 
2024 batavia chamber                                    by the numbers      
2024 was a busy year! take a look at what we've been up to.
learn more 














 
batavia community flag  
show your support! order your flag today!
learn more 



















become a member







join today













welcome new members 




view directory


 


















testimonials









 

being a member of the batavia chamber of commerce has been a learning experience and great opportunity to build relationships with other business professionals. anyone not taking advantage of a chamber membership is definitely missing a chance to really let the community know who you are and what you do. i have made great connections and many longtime friends and supporters since joining. thank you to anyone who has been on the chamber board, a staff member or a chamber member for making batavia a great place to do business.

bob hansen
funway entertainment center chamber member since february 1978





the kane county chronicle has partnered with the batavia chamber of commerce since 1955.  the chamber continues to be a valued resource and advocate for our business.  for the past 68 years of our membership, we have benefited from the many business contacts, customer referrals, and networking opportunities.  these benefits have grown our advertising and helped us share business community news.  congrats on 70 years!

laura shaw
publisher - northwest herald & kane county chronicle  chamber member since december 1955





as a chamber member since 2006, we’ve been benefiting from various networking opportunities, receiving countless support and advice from local businesses. we love the batavia chamber of commerce!

linda bi
president - chicago expert importers  chamber member since 2006





being a member of the chamber connects us to amazing community members and organizations that allows us to better serve our residents.  participating in the nfp forum gives us the opportunity to connect deeper with multiple non-profits on a monthly basis. we are so grateful for the partnerships and relationships built from the chamber and even more grateful for the lives they have positively impacted!  the staff, directors, connectors, and ambassadors are fantastic at working together to support the businesses and organizations!

lynn queen
resident services coordinator, batavia apartments, member since june, 2015





i am filled with immense pleasure and deep appreciation for the batavia chamber of commerce. they have been instrumental in connecting me with countless community members, leaders and organizations. their office has introduced me to a multitude of invaluable relationships, each one helping vsw strenthen it's presence and impact for batavia. the chamber not only embraced me personallay but also opened countless doors for vsw, helping us establish vital relationshops that have truly propelled our mission forward. 

hugo saltijeral
executive director, vsw member since november, 2017





thank you batavia chamber for sponsoring the monthly non -profit forum. i have attended for years for chip in, and formerly united way, and there is never a month i don’t take a way some new and valuable piece of information that helps us in our  mission. based on the growth of attendees every month, you are providing a valuable service to many.  

melinda kintz
chip in batavia



 































511
members



 











$110,020
batavia chamber bucks sold since 2020



 











160+
events, programs & meetings annually



 









 












© 2025 batavia chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












we are in business for your business!

















chairman's circle










































































next
previous


























batavia chamber of commerce









map




106 w. wilson street, batavia, il  60510 














630. 879.7134 










email




 info@bataviachamber.org  













 
scan this code to start texting.
 













facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sign up for our weekly digest















 
february 10 weekly digest
 


















 © 2025 batavia chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
























