







home - cork golf club

































































skip to content









+353 21 4353 451|info@corkgolfclub.ie 



 









book a tee time
members area 









homeclubclub historyclub facilitiesroll of honourthe pro shopjimmy bruencoursehole detailsvideoscourse featurescourse photosscorecardtestimonialslegendsvisitorsgeneral informationgreen feesdirectionstourist informationnewsmembershiptee bookingcontact usmembers



 











homeadminwp2024-10-17t09:17:01+01:00 







cork golf clubdesigned by augusta’s genius alister mackenzie and recently enhanced for the modern golfer – cork golf club is sculpted from historic limestone quarries and unfolds magnificently along the banks of the city’s inner harbour.
a special place since 1888.








course overviewscenically situated in cork harbour, the club has hosted many major amateur and professional championships over the years including the irish open. built on free-draining limestone, the course presents a crisp heath-like playing surface similar to links.
the course was designed by alister mackenzie and cork golf club is a proud member of the mackenzie society 
view course



membershipfrom time to time cork golf club takes a limited number of new members, if you are interested in applying for membership please contact us and we will be in touch should a vacancy next arise.
view our membership











club historycork golf club was formed in 1888 by prominent cork businessmen. the first location was at rathcooney hill above glanmire village. thereafter a number of moves were made while searching for a better site.
view club history



visitorsvisitors are always afforded a warm welcome at cork golf club.





rates
price per person




all week and weekend
€175 per person




view visitors



testimonials
“i have happy memories of cork golf club both as an amateur and professional. the course has always impressed me.”
paul mcginley, capt. of the 2014 european ryder cup team and honorary life member of cork golf club
“the stretch of holes from the 4th to the 10th compare with any golf course i have played.”
billy casper, winner of 3 majors / 51 pga tournaments / 8 ryder cups / ryder cup captain





 
 





about cork golf club designed by augusta’s genius alister mackenzie and recently enhanced for the modern golfer – cork golf club is sculpted from historic limestone quarries and unfolds magnificently along the banks of the city’s inner harbour. a special place since 1888.

follow us








 

cork golf club weather check forecast

 

 
 
 





copyright © 2020 cork golf club        design by epresence online marketing


privacy policy
terms and conditions

 



 
 
 
 


 
 






















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



 

