


grandpas farm rv in richmond indiana


grandpas farm rv park, located in richmond, indiana  


























 


 




grandpa's farm campground
call us at (765) 962-7907


 




homeratesactivitiesfacilitiesfacilities mapeventscontact uslocationlocal interestslinks



































welcome!


 
enjoy family camping at grandpa's farm campground & rv park in richmond, indiana!
 

season open: april 5th to october 15thlimited winter sites available october 15th to april 15thopen early 2024 eclipse!
 

nestled in the rolling countryside of eastern indiana, grandpa's farm campground & rv park has been providing fun family camping for 60 years in richmond, indiana. the park is family-owned and operated offering only the best in accommodations, activities, and facilities. guests can enjoy a rural setting and a quiet atmosphere, as well as pleasing scenery and a gently flowing river. come and stay for a night, week, or month. your hosts at grandpa's farm campground & rv park look forward to seeing you!
 
 

grandpa's farm campground & rv park features a variety of activities, whether you prefer to spend time outside or indoors. the middle fork of the whitewater river flows through the campground, where you can spend a morning or afternoon fishing. there are opportunities for outdoor games, like volleyball, basketball, shuffleboard, horseshoes, frisbee, hiking, hide n'seek, and more!
 
 




grandpa's farm campground & rv park also features a luxurious heated swimming pool with a diving board; everyone can enjoy a daytime swim or relax by the pool. there are plenty of indoor activities if you'd rather stay dry; billiards, arcade games, and ping pong in the recreation room. grandpa's farm campground & rv park also hosts several planned activities on the weekends and throughout the camping season such as bingo, celebrations, and a church service on sundays.

                                                                                                                                                                                        
 

grandpa's farm campground & rv park is in close proximity to many indiana attractions, excellent shopping and dining, and even more outdoor recreation. visitors will find opportunities for hiking, bird watching, golfing, and many historical sites to see, and more! there are several things to do in the richmond area! there are family attractions to please everyone, including museums, golf courses, historic homes, and hayes arboretum. come and enjoy the pleasure of camping at grandpa's farm campground & rv park in richmond, indiana!
   
 
contact us at (765)962-7907 to learn more about our site options or make a reservation.
our office hours are: monday-thursday: 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ;
 friday-saturday: 10:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. ;sunday: 12:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m..



call
send sms
add to skype
you'll need skype creditfree via skype








grandpa's farm rv park4244 state road 227 n.richmond, in 47374phone: (765)962-7907e-mail: gpasfarmcamp@gmail.com






















 









home | rates | activities | facilities | facilities map | events | contact us | location | local interests | links














