







location intelligence from europa technologies - success, located.

































 


skip to content

















 company contact ussupportwhat is location intelligence?newsevents & webinarscase studiessustainabilityeuropa labsapplications risk insightnetwork insightlocation insightmap services & apis viaeuropaeuropa data vaulthere location servicesmap data by geography united kingdomjerseycountriesglobalby type property intelligencepostcodes / zipcodesregions & boundariesbase mapsdemographicspurchasing powerconsumer profilesrisks and perilsmarket tracemarine maps, charts & dataindustries public sectorinsurancetelecommunicationsretailbankingland & propertyengineering & infrastructureenergy & renewableswaterspacedefence / geointother markets 


search for:








 














home page 
 
success, located.
we’re europa technologies, an award-winning provider of location intelligence solutions which give our customers insight and advantage through the fusion of geography and data science.
who we aresuccess, located.
we’re europa technologies, an award-winning provider of location intelligence solutions which give our customers insight and advantage through the fusion of geography and data science.
who we arelocation intelligence = geography + data science
let europa technologies enhance your operations using actionable location intelligence.
we offer a trinity of capabilities which improve performance, streamline processes and reduce costs.


applications
powerful and robust web-based applications to meet the demanding requirements of businesses across multiple industries.
applications


map services & apis
empower your desktop, web and mobile applications with location capabilities with our extensive range of map services and apis.
map services & apis


map data
a comprehensive range of map data products provided by geography or type. we are the one-stop-shop for your digital map data needs.
map data
driving growth in your market
europa technologies has comprehensive expertise in applying location intelligence across a variety of industries.
whatever your market, our products and services deliver value and help you achieve positive outcomes.


public sector
our mapping solutions underpin the work of the public sector, spanning local & central government, emergency services and healthcare.
public sector

insurance
precision risk assessment solutions and peril data for an industry where accurate, dependable geographic data is paramount.
insurance

telecommunications
location matters to telecommunications service providers. we offer solutions which improve quality of service and the customer experience.
telecommunications

retail
thrive in a changing consumer landscape with a better understanding of markets and an improved awareness of your customers and competitors.
retail

banking
better understand customers, optimise operations and improve profitability. shape the future with insight rather than oversight.
banking

land & property
in a sector with far reaching challenges and a wider range of risk and return, discover unique insights where location matters most.
land & property

engineering & infrastructure
improving efficiency, reduce costs and enhance sustainability through improved project planning, design and implementation.
engineering & infrastructure

energy & renewables
navigate the complex challenges posed by the transition to renewable sources while ensuring energy security.
energy & renewables

water
surmount the challenges posed by aging infrastructure, regulatory compliance and the impacts of climate change.
water

space
global data products and services supporting ground segment / space segment operations and remote sensing applications.
space

defence / geoint
a range of unclassified data products and solutions for defence, intelligence and national security applications.
defence / geoint

other markets
our extensive range of map solutions, services and location/map data provide strategic advantage to almost every market sector.
other markets
latest news
viaeuropa – a new look for a new year
more news…
our customers say…
“we found working with europa technologies to be a breath of fresh air.”
rob osment, global georisk director, rsa

featured solution
optimise fttp networks
in the roll out of fibre to the premises (fttp) networks, it is critical that infrastructure is placed in locations which will provide an optimal return on investment. using sophisticated demographics to pinpoint your audience, combined with detailed digital mapping, address / mdu databases, land coverage and aerial photography, we can help you target, plan and roll out your network.
optimise fttp networks




 
 





contact us   info@europa.uk.com
  +44 (0)1932 64 55 55
 contact us

 

follow us   
  

 

our website 

what is location intelligence?
faq
accessibility
privacy & cookies
site map



 

our legacy


7,945
 

 
 
 





		© 2025 europa technologies ltd. all rights reserved.	



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

































































go to top




