






aleph: alliance for jewish renewal
























































aleph seminary















about

mission & vision
what is jewish renewal?
reb zalman, founder
eighteen principles
staff
board of directors
governors
jobs / get involved
contact us


the alliance

join the alliance
alliance directory
international alliance
fiscal sponsorships
community dues payment
organization dues payment
individual dues payment


programs & events

kallah
virtual programs
embodying spirit: dancing with the ba’al shem tov
soulift retreat
nechamah minyan
calendar


seminary
resources

hire clergy
aleph in the news
jewish renewal links
jewish renewal books
kol aleph blog
davvenology
integral halachah
deep ecumenism
organizations to support in this time of crisis
aleph store


partners

become a partner
c-deep: center for devotional energy & ecstatic practice
davvenen’ leadership training
organic torah


ethics

aleph code of ethics
ethics complaint guidance and form


support us

make a donation
kallah donation
endowment and legacy giving
c-deep donations
rabbi marcia prager scholarship fund
organic torah donations
nusach ha-tefilah
nechamah minyan donations
smicha chai pledge
ordination gift 2025























 















mazal tov class of 2025!welcome the newly ordained rabbis, cantors, and rabbinic pastors.
meet the graduates









kallah 2025: navigating toward hopejune 30–july 6 in baltimore.
learn more & register









support alephcommunity support is the backbone of aleph. make your contribution today.
make a donation










aleph is an alliance of organizations, individuals, shuls, and more at the vibrant cutting edge of judaism.





join the alliancewe value heart-and-soul-centered experience, and we integrate and evolve spiritual technologies to serve the needs of today and tomorrow.
join



become a partnerfind out about becoming an emerging partner, a collaborative partner or a core partner!
partner



support usplease consider making a donation to aleph with a one-time gift, a sustaining gift or an endowment.
donate







“there is spiritual technology that we haven’t yet learned to explore.”
– rabbi zalman schachter-shalomi z”l







sign up for our newsletter







twitter



first name *

 


last name *

 


email *

 

















connectingsoulift week-long retreats, retreat-based summer learning at the kallah, the kesher fellowship mentorship program, and more
let's gather



virtual programsmeditation, embodied movement, spiritual direction, and so much more, taught by teachers and leaders from around the globe
let's learn



communitya network of communities, congregations, and individuals who are renewing judaism with their innovative, heart-centered work
let's build







kolaleph
the voice of aleph: alliance for jewish renewal





open position: alumni & community relations manager


            posted / 02 06, 2025
        



announcing the open application for one-day and shabbat afternoon workshops at kallah 2025


            posted / 12 17, 2024
        



seeking members for aleph’s board of directors


            posted / 12 12, 2024
        



shana tovah | turning and returning to joy


            posted / 09 30, 2024
        



announcing the open application for four-day classes at kallah 2025


            posted / 09 18, 2024
        







visit kolaleph blog








shop the aleph shuk — mugs, apparel, totes, and more!
 



































 

this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
there has been a problem with your instagram feed.api error 190: error validating access token: session has expired on thursday, 23-jan-25 07:02:42 pst. the current time is thursday, 30-jan-25 10:00:01 pst.directions on how to resolve this issue



 🍁 happy thanksgiving. we hope your holiday is f  


 this saturday november 23: living in the presence     


 40 centuries of history of a people on the move l  


 today: wednesday, november 13, register for the ex     


 a tribute to jewish renewal luminaries! come celeb  


 join us for a special celebration as we launch keh  


 kabbalah wellness: a five part course date: wednes     


 reminder if you are planning to apply for the aop   


 load more…        follow on instagram  

 







aleph is a proud member of the following organizations:





















 












p.o. box 35118philadelphia, pa 19128ph. 215.247.9700



contact aleph

followfollowfollowfollowfollow







copyright 2025. aleph: alliance for jewish renewal



registration policies | professional code of ethics | login



 














































