




















	custom team uniforms & personalized apparel | champion teamwear













champion teamwear

teamstore

coach's assistant



chat live / contact us

log in





need help with something?
frequently asked questions
find the answers to your questions.
faqs


live chat
monday - friday 7am - 6pm ct
start chat


phone

877.597.8086

monday - friday 7am - 6pm ct


send us a message

send message























my cart








0



































champion what moves you












submit photo












call





chat



 
send message














view catalogs









shop shoes & accessories





shop bags







shop jackets





shop fleece












shop outlet






the webtool for you
use our free webtools teamstore and coach's assistant to outfit your team, fundraise, and distribute orders. explore both to see which is best for you!







create my store







build my locker







what we're known for


 

quality 
engineered with high-quality performance fabrics, conquer the toughest practices and games in gear that can withstand every season, wash, and win.




 

innovation
adapting to the needs of athletes, champion goes above and beyond to develop the nation's leading performance features.




 

decoration
pair thousands of premier art processes and customizations with legendary champion comfort.




 

service
dedicated to creating only the best, our reps will work with you to customize the ultimate team look.











reasons you'll love us





expert help
team up with the best to create your custom look.







try before you buy
find your fit for free with 60-day sizing samples.







quick turn times
receive your decorated apparel in as few as 2 weeks.







one-stop shop
order and customize your favorite champion looks all at once.







 




champion perks you'll love
sign up to get the inside scoop on exclusive deals, new products, and more perks.







 

  read more

 welcome to champion teamwear - experts in custom uniforms, team sportswear, and personalized apparel.
 we specialize in customer-designed uniforms for athletic teams and school club groups at the elementary, junior high, and high school levels; we also serve colleges and universities. you'll also find a great selection of warmups, jackets, pants, hoodies, tees, shoes, bags, and hats.
 shop us for blank/stock athleisure wear, fanwear, sport-specific accessories, and corporate clothing, too! we provide excellent customer service, quick turnarounds, and top-quality art and embellishments. our experienced, friendly reps are eager to help.
 our focus includes: cheerleading, dance, band, gymnastics, track and field, cross country, volleyball, basketball, softball, baseball, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, football, golf, tennis, and wrestling.
 we offer a wide range of art and embellishment choices, including a dye-sublimation option called ultrafuse that’s completely customizable. we also offer: screen print, direct-to-garment digital printing, embroidery, twill, shimmer twill, twill with rhinestones, twill with sequins, sequins, sport grip, fashion film, rhinestones, sequindots, premium glitter, neon studs, glitter applique, and twill number.   













stay connected

















about us
careers
contact us
design library
faqs
outlet
my account
returns
sales rep locator
shop online catalogs
site map



e-mail sign-up
live chat
call us
877.597.8086



© champion teamwear, inc. all rights reserved. 
terms of use
privacy policy

cookiesettings











































