



john anthony west magical egypt tours, symbolist egyptian research



















share






join+follow 



home
breaking
magical egypt tours
lectures
books
gallery
links
contact





rest in peace john anthony west9/7/1932- 2/6/2018
dearest friends and supporters most of you are already aware, but for those that are not.


john anthony west passed away feb 6th 2018 at approximately 9:40pm

my mother, brother zeke and myself were all present with him at the time of his death. his heart rate slowed down and then stopped. he passed away quietly and peacefully with dignity after putting up an incredible fight against cancer.

i will say that i am deeply moved by the sheer volume of people that have expressed their compassion towards me and my family. but even more so by all of the people that knew his work, and that were changed by it forever. those that knew him personally could all agree that my father was a one of a kind individual, with an indomitable spirit and an endless capacity to never back down from what he believed in.

my father didn’t care much for funerals and didn’t appreciate the emotion that others brought to them. because life is eternal, he could never quite get behind what all the fuss was about.

he requested to be cremated and when the time and money permits, celesta, zeke and myself plan to scatter his ashes in egypt where his heart, mind and life’s work took place.

thank you everyone for all of your support through this incredibly difficult time. my father is well on his way to his next life. and his work in this life will never be forgotten.

— zoë

 

author, lecturer and guide.


john anthony west delivered a seismic shock to archaeology in the early 1990s when he and boston university geologist dr. robert schoch revealed that the great sphinx of giza in egypt, showed evidence of rainfall erosion. such erosion could only mean that the sphinx was carved during or before the rains that marked the transition of northern africa from the last ice age to the present interglacial epoch, a transition that occurred in the millennia from 10,000 to 5,000 bc.
“egyptian civilization was not a development, it was a legacy.” 
– john anthony west 

drawing by anita snellman  



december 31, 2017



friday, december 29, 2017 at 11:36pm
me and my dad on our nov 2016 trip to egypt. 
 
this photo was taken a little over a month before his diagnoses.
    please send healing thoughts to him. he is fighting harder now then ever.

 
zoë


 go dad!!!! 


#fuckcancer #jawproject #jaw #johnwest #prayforjohn

 
###




new year’s note... (revised)
 clay roup’s super fundraising effort  on fundly [click here] is still of great importance. further support will go towards the scattering of his ashes.


hello dear grockles, a note to let you all know that you can reach out to the wests directly by writing your thoughts and comments to john’s son, ezekiel, at zekemw @ gmail.com.









august 18, 2017

  today... my dad john anthony west is 98% cancer free.

official update on fundly click here!

go dad!!!! 

zoë


 

  john anthony west’s long fight with cancer & pneumonia is nearing the home stretch, but he and his family need your support to make the assisted trip home from the houston clinic on august 1st.
continue reading →

breaking
our beloved jaw is 85 today!


7/9 ! 85 !
as he is still valiantly fighting cancer the best birthday gift in the world would be to support him in this fight! if you have not already given then please consider making a donation to his campaign.







the four five
horsemen cowboys
of apocalypse 2.0

read part 1, capitalism

click here to play the show
 











phoenixfire
is now available!
catch every one!
more...



from eg-update 28.0...   (click here to read them all)


more good news!

robert schoch and i have formed a production company, akio enterprises, (which i’ll explain in detail in due course) looking to produce both documentary (and maybe even feature) films and books as well. we thought we had the financing together for our  ambitious follow-up to mystery of the sphinx but  unfortunately that seems to have evaporated.
 
nevertheless, we now have the “smoking gun” evidence we have long sought (gübekli tepe in turkey) and we are convinced that we will be able to get the funding together to produce zep tepi and the dawn of civilization. it may not be long before the quackademics are smoked out of their ivory towers once and for all.
 
in tandem with akio enterprises, we now also have a plan to activate our long-hibernating but still-breathing foundation, and we also have enthusiastic and knowledgeable people aboard to make it happen via micro, (and, with luck, not-so-micro) funding.  for starters, schoch and i are actively compiling/writing a book  about our decades-long but still ongoing sphinx battle (working title: dancing down the bridge of sirah: a scientist and a scholar fend off the unicorns and take on the paradigm police ... explanation to follow ...eventually)
 
curious note: for decades, back before the computer was invented, i dreamed about a way to do an end run around the cannibals and barracudas of hollywood and mainstream television via some grassroots system of funding. but i could never think of a practical way to make it happen. the digital revolution now makes that  possible. stay tuned! now it will happen.
 
pps.  i’ve mentioned this before. much of my time the past few years has been devoted to working with my firebrand friend and colleague, trend forecaster gerald celente. most of the turbulence going on now, and which will surely get much worse over the the next few years, was predicted in the trends journal, which has grown from an 8 page black-and-white newsletter into a  substantial full color, take-no-prisoners unique magazine.
 
it features art work and spectacular graphics from eugene gregan and anthony freda, two of america’s most talented artists, and articles by a number of extraordinarily knowledgeable contributors. celente has a proven, uncanny knack for connecting the dots in three dimensions.
 
i am co-writer / historian / philosopher / sometimes-comedian-in  residence. check out www.trendsresearch.com






 
conscious media network video interview:


note that the site now requires a subscription to view video interviews... but you can get a free 5 day pass if you don’t want to sign up.
 
an excellent and fun to watch video interview of john recorded by the conscious media network at the cpak 2007 conference. an enlightened bunch, the network features many, many quality interviews to catch up on and offers much of value to enrich understanding.
 
 
if you would like to join john anthony west’s egypt email list and get weekly hand-compiled science links please go to this website to enter your email address.
 
phoenixfire podcasts! catch every enlightening broadcast...visit the blog for listening access.






friends, grockles, egyptophiles,

to join my private mailing list and receive a very thorough weekly science news listing, occasional updates from me and egypt trip information, click here:
lists.jawest.net/listinfo.cgi/jawlist-jawest.net
 
to listen to my phoenixfire audio blogs click here jawphoenixfire.blogspot.com
 


john anthony west

magical egypt enterprises
675 manorville rd., saugerties ny 12477
jawsphinx@jawest.net   tel: 518-678-2160

j.a.w. credentials
















sekhmet speaks:
patriotism - a second opinion 
for those who’ve not accessed the previous sekhmet speaks articles posted to my website, i’ve reprinted an edited version of the original introduction, written for the ephemeral english magazine that published the earlier sekhmet speaks essays. the rest should be self-explanatory. 
more.



new reviews of books & videos
a handful of remarkable books, each in its way a significant contribution to its particular field, and together providing a significant 
contribution to the overriding quest to demonstrate both the reality and the specifics of the lost wisdom of the ancients. more.

the eg-archive:
copies of john’s eg-update newsletters.   more.


archived news:
blasts from the past      more.




   jimmy church radio

 

© 2018 john anthony westall rights reserved.









