


 





jci


























 











    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    

















        skip to content    





drivingefficiencyforward®




search





search








search





1-800-837-6827
sign in/register

toggle nav




                        menu                    




shop   shop by brand  industrial finishing products   all finishing  spray guns  pumps  pressure tanks  filters  hose & fittings  booth & floor covering  accessories  industrial electrical & motor products  fluid power  bearings  pumps  automation  dispense products   all dispense  applicators  power transmission  compressed air piping  products & services   products  services  industries  industry news  contact us   request for quote  request for service  locations  emergency service  about us   who we are  otc news  our companies  events  career opportunities  careers   




                        account                    


 


























                    home                


jci
























 







jci industries is now otc! to streamline your ordering process and improve your customer experience we are redirecting you to otcindustrial.com
jci industries provides engineered solutions powered by industry leading pumps, seals, motors, drives, controls, and process equipment, teamed with complete pump, motor and rotating equipment repair for a wide range of applications and industries.
 contact jci industriesrequest for quoteabout otcemergency services: 816-525-3320
locations: 
1161 s.e. hamblen roadlee’s summit, mo 64081816-525-3320
line card
environmental line card
 
2301 west 20th avenuejoplin, mo 64804417-623-4544
line card
 
jefferson city, mo 65101
line card
 
1335 south young streetwichita, ks 67209316-942-6200
line card 
 
1110 s. 14th avenuedodge city, ks 67801620-408-9500
line card
 
520 west “o” streetlincoln, ne 68528402-476-2121
line card
 
des moines, ia 50309
line card
 
rogers, ar 72656
line cardservices



pump repair




for your pump service needs we offer complete installation, repair and rebuild. at the heart of jci industries' extensive pump and equipment repair services are experienced, factory-trained professional mechanics. together with full engineering support and a comprehensive quality control program, these skilled technicians will reduce your downtime and operating costs. jci’s turnkey service includes a dedicated submersibles area that combines jci’s pump and motor capabilities to provide complete in-house repair.

 




electric motor repair




jci industries is committed to provide one source for your repair needs.  to accomplish this, we staff a full line motor repair shop, specializing in the maintenance and repair of low and medium voltage electric motors regardless of the make or model. our shop foreman, technicians, and sales engineers all average over 25 years experience in the motor industry. jci provides ac/dc motor repair for fractional through 1500 horsepower motors, including: pump motors, brake motors, and slip ring motors. we consistently keep over 2,000 motors in stock. this on-hand inventory allows us to quickly address your motor needs. jci is ul certified to repair explosion-proof motors for hazardous locations and is a member of the electrical apparatus service association. 

 




field service




jci industries has a fleet of fully equipped field service vehicles available 24/7 for emergency needs.we have experienced field service crews that can handle your industrial or water and wastewater installation, removal, start-up and troubleshooting needs including: 


equipment removal and installation
special pumps
laser alignment
retrofits


 




fabrication




our lee’s summit, mo location hosts a full service shop which was expanded to 45,000 square feet in 2016. our custom fabrication abilities extend beyond standard pump and motor skids and include custom engineered api compliant assemblies. supported by engineering with autocad capabilities, our team of machinists and welders provide custom designs in a variety of materials. our certified weld process includes gmaw, gtaw, and smaw. we provide industrial blasting and specialized coatings to meet customer requirements. in addition to our fabrication, we can also provide in-house pre-grouting and final machining to pump baseplate assemblies. our in-house fabrication abilities complement our extensive experience with application engineering and equipment repair. 

 



products  
industrial pumps 
jci industries services and represents the premium brands for rotating equipment, dry handling, electrical, and water treatment. 
municipal pumps 
jci industries offers a complete solution from wastewater pumping systems, wastewater treatment and telemetry systems to monitor pump stations and treatment plants. simply select one of the equipment categories to browse products before your jci project consultation.
environmental line card
 request for quoterequest for quotemechanical seals
jci industries offers a complete line of ansi, specialty, and api-682 seals including cartridge seals, dry-running seals, metal bellows, elastomeric bellows, split seals and gas barrier seals for zero emissions. we also carry bearing protection devices and a complete line of mechanical seal auxiliary support systems.
 chemical feed
chemical feed sales are backed by a full service organization, a complete equipment service and repair facility with a comprehensive stock of new equipment and repair parts. this unique combination of quality service, innovative products, extensive experience and engineering capabilities in the municipal market ensure that jci industries can deliver the perfect chemical feed solution for your needs.request for quoterequest for quoteindustries



general industrial




regardless of application, jci industries can provide the solution. whether your main concern is weathering exceptionally tough conditions or ensuring consistent and precise output, we have solutions to handle the demands of your industry. we’re a one-stop shop that can equip your plant with products and deliver service offerings ranging from reliable front-end project engineering support to responsive maintenance and repair, effectively minimizing unexpected downtime.




chemical processing




jci industries offers customers an extensive range of design features and corrosion-resistant materials with application expertise. our technology considers safety, reliability, environmental and life cycle solutions for the tough applications in chemical processing.
 




municipal




jci industries provides powerful pump and monitoring solutions that adhere to the most stringent quality and safety standards. our high quality, industrial grade products are designed to get you up and running quickly and permanently. we are constantly innovating to deliver improved efficiency with an eye on emerging power generation technologies.

 



water & wastewater




be they contractors or engineers, jci industries customers have experienced years of dependable service in the water resources market. significant legal, environmental and economic impacts can result from wastewater system failures. that’s why you need to be able to trust not only your supplier and their products, but their support response time as well. jci's care and responsiveness has earned them the trust of many wastewater treatment plants and professionals, for whom they’ve provided robust, reliable pumps used in the collection and treatment of wastewater. 





contact jci industriesrequest for quote
otc news
our companies
industries served

we are otc
about otc
career opportunities
accessibility
employee portal
ethics & compliance 
self service
opt in for newsletters
check your order status
return information
shipping information
help
contact otc
800-837-6827
emergency service




terms of use
purchase order terms & conditions
terms & conditions of sale
rental terms & conditions
privacy notice
ada compliance
do not sell my information




 search engine powered by elasticsuite





