





christian science north richland hills – ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. – christ jesus






























 


skip to content












 

homelecturenew!serviceshealingssunday schoolreading roomlistencontactmember login







search for:












7318 ne loop 820
north richland hills, tx  76180
817-281-2436
 
sunday 10:30 am
wednesday 7:30 pm













loading...
















follow me. 



- christ jesus 













and whither i go ye know, and the way ye know. 



- christ jesus 













from sense to soul my pathway lies before me,
from mist and shadow into truth's clear day;
the dawn of all things real is breaking o'er me,
my heart is singing: i have found the way. 



- violet hay
christian science hymnal, #64:1 













ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace:
the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing,
and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands. 



- isaiah 55:12 













o tender, loving shepherd,
we long to follow thee,
to follow where thou leadest,
though rough the path may be;
though dark and heavy shadows
enshroud the way with gloom,
we know that love will guide us,
and safely lead us home. 



- frederick w. root
christian science hymnal, #245:1 













divine love always has met
and always will meet every human need. 



- mary baker eddy 













i sing my way today,
my heart is joyous, free,
for what is thine is ever mine,
i find myself in thee. 



- violet ker seymer
christian science hymnal, #16:3 













if i say, surely the darkness shall cover me;
even the night shall be light about me. 



- psalms 139:11 













never ask for to-morrow:
it is enough that divine love is an
ever-present help;
and if you wait, never doubting,
you will have all you need every moment. 



- mary baker eddy 













as a drop of water is one with the ocean, a ray of light one with the sun,
even so god and man, father and son, are one in being. 



- mary baker eddy 













for this is the message
that ye heard from the beginning,
that we should love one another. 



- christ jesus 













and ye shall know the truth,
and the truth shall make you free. 



- christ jesus 













god is love. 



- christ jesus 













faith is the substance of things hoped for,
the evidence of things not seen. 



- hebrews 11:1 













to those leaning on the sustaining infinite,
to-day is big with blessings. 



- mary baker eddy 
















homeadmin2023-07-07t16:26:20+00:00 
wherever you are on your spiritual journey, in this church, you are accepted, respected, and dearly loved.christianscience.comyou are warmly invited to
our servicessunday church service:  10:30 am
sunday school:  10:30 am
wednesday testimony meetings:  7:30 pm
childcare is provided at all of our services.
our address:
7318 ne loop 820
north richland hills, tx  76180
817-281-2436
you will always be
warmly welcomedreading rooma bookstore, a quiet study room, and a lending library!a community bookstore and a center for the exploration of spirituality, prayer, and healing.
in our master’s sermon on the mount, we read, “when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou has shut thy door, pray to thy father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.”  our reading room provides a peaceful place to fulfil this command.
more information
sunday schoolyounger students focus on learning the ten commandments, the lord's prayer, and the sermon on the mount, while older students explore how to apply a spiritual perspective to their daily lives.practical spiritual education for young people up to the age of 20
younger students focus on learning the ten commandments, the lord’s prayer, and the sermon on the mount, while older students explore how to apply a spiritual perspective to their daily lives.
more information
healing'how can i be healed?'the bible gives us a standard of healing that rests on timeless and universal spiritual laws.
good health is vital – whether we’re talking about our bodies, finances, home, relationships, communities, or environment.  what can we do when we feel the need for healing in any area of our lives?
“how can i be healed?”
christian scientists
believechristian scientists are emphatically christian.
christian scientists believe in one, infinite god who is all and all-good. we believe that god is not distant and unknowable.  instead, we believe he is all-encompassing and always present and that each individual is loved by god, cared for by him, and made in god’s image—spiritual, not material.
christian scientists believe in the bible and in christ jesus as the son of god, or promised messiah. and we believe that jesus’ teachings and healing work expressed scientific christianity, or the application of the laws of god—laws which are still practical and provable today, by anyone, anywhere. christian scientists consider the commandments, as well as jesus’ sermon on the mount, to be central to their lives and practice of christianity.
above all, christian scientists believe in the healing power of god’s love —  that no one is beyond redemption — and no problem is too entrenched or overwhelming to be resolved. in other words, christian scientists don’t believe that salvation occurs at some point in the future, but that the presence of god’s goodness can be experienced here and now—and by everyone.
in 1879, mary baker eddy, the discoverer of christian science, founded the church of christ, scientist. her purpose was to establish a church designed, “to commemorate the word and works of our master, which should reinstate primitive christianity and its lost element of healing.” (manual of the mother church)
this church is of one of the branches of the mother church, the first church of christ, scientist, in boston, massachusetts. join us here in north richland hills on sundays at 10:30 a.m. at 7318 ne loop 820. sunday school for students up to the age of twenty begins at the same time.
read the religious tenets of christian sciencewe invite you to
listeneach week on sentinel watch, you’ll find inspiring and strengthening spiritual ideas that can bring healing to your life, to your family and community, and to the world.  for a healing message, tune in right here to sentinel watch.  you will hear current interviews from ordinary people who have found healing and guidance by turning to god.
listen now



 
 





 
you, your family and friends are warmly welcomed to our church services, reading room, and sunday school.

contact us

 

 

 
first church of christ, scientist
7318 ne loop 820.
north richland hills, tx  76180

817-281-2436
csnrh@sbcglobal.net
sunday mornings at 10:30 am
wednesday evenings at 7:30 pm

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2022 -    |   website built by glad sound outreach   |   all rights reserved   |   powered by t3ch worx 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 












go to top




