








dan's auto repair - novi, mi




















homeabout services meet the teamcontact























complete diagnostics
using our professional engine diagnostic equipment, we're able to read your vehicle's check engine light codes and accurately identify the problem. it doesn't take long to do, and you'll soon be able to plan your next move. 

call for estimate more info












engine repair
from diagnosis to repair.  we know engines.  ask our experts on how they can solve your engine problems.

call for estimate more info











brakes & rotors
good brakes and rotors could be the difference between a near miss and a serious accident.  don't leave your safety to chance.  

call for estimate more info











customer satisfaction
we're pleased and proud to report that our customers consistently provide us with a superior rating of our work.  

call for estimate more info








previous



next
















welcome to dan's auto



dan's auto repair is a long established family owned and managed shop that has operated out of the same location since the area was farmland. their reputation for quality work, fairness and competive prices are unmatched in the industry. 


learn more















our services




we offer reliable and affordable auto service in southeast, mi for all makes and models of vehicles. whether foreign or domestic, our ase certified mechanics can tackle any auto repair job and provide any maintenance service requested. 



learn more








get an estimate




need a repair?  from full engine and transmission repairs to s simplr oil change or transmission fluid flush.  we have the technology to meet your vehicle needs.  all we ask is that you give us a chance.  get an estimate to day and we will prove it!



call for estimate








complete diagnostics




uncertainty can be a scary thing. when your check engine light comes on, it's easy to become frustrated. is it something big? something small? don't let fear stop you from finding out. come in for a quick and accurate check engine diagnostic. 



learn more












24 hour towing



from hadley's towing - just tell them you need a two to dan's auto repair




248.471.5763


















































































serving the following communities








novinorthvillewalled lakewixom






plymouthcantonfarmingtonfarmington hills







west bloomfieldbloomfield twp.westlandmilford






south lyoncommerce twp.highlandlivonia















address43151 grand river avenuenovi, mi  48375west end of the o'reilly auto parts building
contactsemail: dans43151@gmail.comphone: 248.348.1230fax: 248.348.0448
m-f        8:00am - 5pm
						sat        closed temporarily
						sun        closed


services
clutchesalignmentselectrical repairengine repairrear axelshead gasketstiming chains & beltsradiatorsfront end workshocks & strutscomputer repairselectrical system... and more

menuhomeabout usservicemeet the staffcontact us









copyright (c) 2017 dan's auto                     site by: pixelbit 














