













briar patch bed & breakfast inn: lodging & weddings in middleburg virginia











































book now
middleburg, va 
			







weddings & eventstours
 call (703) 327-5911 for assistance





menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
rooms

view all rooms
check availability
book now
enhancements
gift certificates
policies


about

about briar patch b&b inn
history of briar patch
policies
pet policies
articles about briar patch
affiliations
gift certificates
breakfast


weddings

about weddings & events
weddings & events pricing
weddings & events faqs
request a site tour
events availability calendar
photo gallery
video gallery
brochure
wedding deals
vendor recommendations
vendor packages
floor plans
tables, chairs, & decorations


meetings

about meetings
meeting pricing
meetings brochure
events availability calendar
request a site tour
vendor recommendations
floor plans
tables, chairs, & decorations
cooking

summer classes
winter classes
chef matt
chef doron
chef amanda




logo
specials

packages
specials
wedding deals
cooking

summer cooking classes
winter cooking classes
chef matt
chef doron
chef amanda


enhancements


pets
area

restaurants
wineries, breweries, & spirits
farms & equestrian
other area attractions


galleries

photo gallery
video gallery


contact

map
directions
contact us


 








welcome to briar patch bed & breakfast inn







historic charm in dc’s wine country
nestled in the foothills of the blue ridge mountains near the shenandoah valley is briar patch bed & breakfast inn, offering charm and hospitality to match its historic location. the inn is a historic farm (circa 1805) on 47 rolling acres with majestic mountain views. located in loudoun county, our b&b is in the heart of virginia horse and wine country on route 50 (john mosby highway), just 4 miles east of the town of middleburg, 20 minutes from dulles airport, and about an hour from washington, dc. when you enter our world, you leave the stress behind.
we have 12 bedrooms located in three buildings clustered near each other. choose one of our 8 guestrooms in the 200-year-old main house or 3 rooms in our new chicken coop building. for even more privacy, stay in our one-bedroom cottage with fully equipped kitchen.

relax in or near our large pool or soak in our hot tub.
curl up with a good book on our front porch overlooking bull run mountain.
enjoy our daily hot breakfast.
view the horses grazing in our fields.
bring your dog and enjoy exploring the pet friendly area.
bring your family for a fun-filled vacation.
have a barbeque by the pool.

events at briar patch bed & breakfast inn
briar patch bed & breakfast inn is a great venue for a variety of events.

experience one of our fun cooking class weekends.
have a wedding surrounded by family and friends.
celebrate that special birthday or anniversary.
hold a family reunion.
host your favorite organization’s fundraiser or off-site retreat.
have a business meeting in a unique location.

our indoor event building, the fox den at briar patch, easily accommodates up to 200 guests. for an outdoor event, our beautiful grounds provide the perfect setting.
explore the area

explore the historic towns of aldie, middleburg, purcellville, and leesburg brimming with shops and fine dining.
visit the many wineries, craft breweries, & distilleries dotting the countryside.
explore civil war battlefields.
shop at a nearby outlet mall or the many unique shops.
sports enthusiasts will enjoy horseback riding at one of the local stables, playing tennis, golf, hiking, or biking through the beautiful countryside.

this area satisfies diverse interests and lifestyles.
amenities
amenities included in the room rate of each room:

full hot breakfast every morning.
free high-speed wireless internet (verizon fios) throughout the property.
free snacks (sweet and salty), soft drinks, hot drinks, and water anytime.
irons, ironing boards, and hair dryers in each room.
robes provided for use here at the inn.
beach towels provided for use at the outdoor pool and hot tub.

﻿﻿
we look forward to hosting you at briar patch bed & breakfast inn!













pet friendly




weddings




cooking classes





news from briar patch bed & breakfast inn
welcome to our website. we hope you enjoy learning about our bed & breakfast as much as we enjoy running it. we have spent several years bringing this property back to its old glory – renovating the main house, cottage, pool, and grounds.
we also turned the old tractor shed barn into a magnificent site that we call the fox den at briar patch for events (up to 200 people) such as weddings, parties, family reunions, fundraisers, and the like, as well as for business and other organization meetings. we added a new building with an additional three bedrooms called the chicken coop (on the site of a former chicken coop). so consider staying in the rooster room, the hen room, or the chick suite!
ellen & the briar patch team



schedule a tour for your upcoming event
schedule tour



































what our guests are saying... 
“not only is everything here pleasing to the eye, but the tone and mood lift our spirits. this place is a dream come true.”
gil & maura g., alexandria, va

































briar patch bed & breakfast inn
23130 briar patch lane
                middleburg, va 20117-2946
                                phone: (703) 327-5911
                                    toll-free: (866) 327-5911
                                                    fax: (703) 327-5933

 owner: ellen goldberg
 https://www.briarpatchbandb.com
 info@briarpatchbandb.com
latitude: 38.9776077 longitude: -77.6600171




responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
privacy policy | accessibility statement | site map


















