








	buffalo district






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
great lakes and ohio river division website










®








           home
        



           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           districts
        



           buffalo district
        
 

           chicago district
        



           community support request
        
 



           detroit district
        
 

           huntington district
        
 

           louisville district
        
 

           nashville district
        
 

           pittsburgh district
        
 



           connect with us
        
 

           join our team
        
 



           media
        



           media releases
        
 

           news
        
 

           images
        
 

           announcements
        
 



           water information
        



           water management
        



           great lakes and harbors
        



           water level data
        
 

           water level forecasts
        
 

           outflows and regulation
        
 

           basin conditions
        
 



           rivers and reservoirs
        
 



           flood risk management
        
 

           navigation
        



           great lakes navigation team
        
 

           great lakes dredging team
        
 

           ohio river
        
 



           hydropower
        
 



           recreation
        



           indiana
        
 

           kentucky
        
 

           michigan & minnesota
        
 

           new york
        
 

           ohio
        
 

           pennsylvania
        
 

           tennessee
        
 

           virginia
        
 

           west virginia
        
 



           wetlands & permits
        



           alabama
        
 

           illinois
        
 

           indiana
        
 

           kentucky
        
 

           michigan
        
 

           mississippi
        
 

           new york
        
 

           ohio
        
 

           pennsylvania
        
 

           tennessee
        
 

           virginia
        
 

           west virginia
        
 



           mission
        



           programs
        



           formerly used defense sites (fuds)
        
 

           formerly utilized sites remedial action program (fusrap)
        
 



           projects
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           emergency preparedness response
        



           hurricane helene
        
 



           real estate
        
 

           military construction & reserve
        



           design guides
        
 



           interagency & international support
        
 

           public review & approved plans
        
 

           section 408
        
 



           business with us
        
























 
 
 













great lakes navigation

great lakes navigation



see more
          










great lakes coastal resiliency study

great lakes coastal resiliency study



see more
          










regulatory program

regulatory program



see more
          










mount morris dam

mount morris dam



see more
          










black rock lock

black rock lock



see more
          
















u.s. army corps of engineers buffalo district








civil works
regulatory
fusrap
emergency management
mission
current projects
foia



the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) civil works mission began in 1824 with navigation on the mississippi and ohio rivers. today, the civil works mission enables the agency to build, operate, and maintain a wide range of water resource projects. the usace missions are defined by the legislative and executive branches and include:

coastal and storm damage reduction
environmental restoration
flood risk management
hydropower
navigation
recreation
water supply

for additional information about the usace civil works program please contact: buffalo-civilworks@usace.army.mil.


the department of the army (da) regulatory program is one of the oldest programs in the federal government. initially, the regulatory division served a fairly simple, straightforward purpose: to protect and maintain the navigable capacity of the nation's waters, under section 10 of the river and harbors act of 1899. in 1972, the clean water act (act) was signed into law and the da was directed to administer section 404 of the act, which regulates the discharge of dredged and/or fill material into waters of the united states. in 1977, the corps of engineers jurisdiction was increased to include wetlands as part of the waters of the us.
the regulatory program is committed to protecting the nation's aquatic resources and navigation capacity, while allowing reasonable development through fair and balanced decisions.  buffalo district regulators are dedicated to protecting new york and ohio's federal waters while allowing reasonable and necessary development to move forward through evaluation of permit applications for essentially all construction activities that occur in the nation's waters, including wetlands.
buffalo district regulatory office - phone (716) 879-4330  email: lrbreginquiries@usace.army.mil


fusrap stands for the formerly utilized sites remedial action program, a program initiated in 1974 to identify, investigate and clean up or control sites that were part of the nation's early atomic energy and weapons program. activities at the sites that are eligible for fusrap were conducted by the manhattan engineer district (med) or the atomic energy commission (aec), both predecessors of the department of energy (doe).
the u.s. army corps of engineers was assigned management of fusrap by congress in 1997. the buffalo district is charged with managing the fusrap sites within the great lakes and ohio river division.



learn more


during natural disasters, the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district emergency management office conducts emergency operations to protect lives, alleviate suffering and remediate damage in accordance with public law (pl) 84-99 and pl 93-288.
pl 84-99 assistance includes flood response, post flood response, rehabilitation, advance measures and hazard mitigation.
pl 93-288 and the national response framework (nrf) provide authority for fema to task usace with technical support and direct assistance during response and recovery missions. this is accomplished through the emergency support functions of the nrf. typical missions/support include: potable water, ice, debris clearance and removal, temporary housing, infrastructure assessment, temporary power and temporary roofing.
assistance under these two authorities is supplemental to local and state efforts and normally at the request of the state's governor.
buffalo district emergency management office - phone (716) 879-4160 email: dll-lrb-eoc@usace.army.mil


the buffalo district delivers world class engineering solutions to the great lakes region, the army, and the nation in order to ensure national security, environmental sustainability, water resource management, and emergency assistance during peace and war.

the buffalo district has done an excellent job of taking on and tackling new missions.
it has a diverse group of professionals including: civil, environmental, electrical, and mechanical engineers; architects and cost estimators; hydrologists and hydraulic engineers; economists, community planners, and outreach specialists; biologists, and environmental and wetland scientists; health physicists, industrial hygienists, risk assessors, and chemists; program and project managers; and construction inspectors and managers.
our staff is dedicated as evidenced by our support to the overseas contingency operations, national emergencies, and our excellent mission execution record.
we are adaptable as evidenced by our development as an hazardous toxic radiological waste design center and execution of the fusrap program and derp-fuds projects. the district was assigned fusrap with the stipulation of no additional ftes and had to "retool" our workforce with an intense training program and selective filling of vacancies with htrw-capable experts.
the district has done a significant number of architectural/engineering contracts type jobs for other corps districts and other federal agencies. these jobs have been completed within schedule and budget parameters. several examples of these projects and our customers assessments are included below.

in summary, the buffalo district stands ready to support the diverse needs of our customers.







to request documents under foia, please provide at a minimum a description of the information requested and contact information for the requestor. we may contact the requestor for additional information to make a determination about fees. 
 
for additional assistance in submitting a request, see the  army citizens guide  or the department of defense’s foia handbook. the guide and the handbook provide advice on the rules of the foia and how to submit a foia request to army and defense department agencies.
 
sample request letter:
 
dear :
 
     this is a request under the freedom of information act (5 u.s.c. § 552).
 
     i request that a copy of the following document(s) be provided to me: [identify the documents as specifically as possible].
 
     in order to help you determine my status for the purpose of assessing fees, you should know that i am [insert one of the descriptions below]
 
        a representative of the news media affiliated with the _______ newspaper (magazine, television station, etc.), and this request is made as part of newsgathering and not for a commercial use.
 
        affiliated with an educational or noncommercial scientific institution, and this request is made for a scholarly or scientific purpose and not for a commercial use.
 
        affiliated with a private business and am seeking information for use in the company’s business.
 
        an individual seeking information for personal use and not for a commercial use.
 
     i am willing to pay the appropriate fees for this request up to a maximum of $___. if you estimate that the fees will exceed this limit, please inform me first.
 
     i also include a telephone number at which i can be contacted if necessary to discuss any aspect of my request.
 
                                sincerely,
 
 
 
                                name
                                address
                                city, state, zip code
                                telephone number
 
send all requests via mail or e-mail to:
 
foia officer/foia coordinator
office of counsel
usace, buffalo district
478 main street
buffalo, ny 14202
 
email: foia-lrb@usace.army.mil






















news releases






glcrs virtual meeting december 2nd

                11/21/2024 
            

                the great lakes coastal resiliency study (glcrs) team invites you to attend an upcoming virtual public meeting on december 2, 2024 at 10 a.m. ct / 11 a.m. et.during this meeting, the glcrs team will...
            


notice to boaters: interruptions to black rock lock traffic

                11/5/2024 
            

                buffalo, n.y. — the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district will conduct a geotechnical investigation in the black rock lock from november 4 through mid-december, causing an interruption to...
            





great lakes costal wetland revitalized on ohio’s lake erie shoreline

                10/10/2024 updated


                the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district and city of port clinton celebrated the completion of construction on a five-year coastal restoration project with a final planting of native species...
            







view more








public notices






final ea and signed fonsi for sunset marina expansion project; pickett county, tennessee

                feb. 14, 2025 
            


barcelona west breakwater repair in westfield, ny national environmental policy act scoping information & clean water act section 404(a) public notice

                feb. 12, 2025 
            


public notice

                feb. 6, 2025 
            







view more








contact us








contact an office
send us a message
address




public affairs
716-879-4410

regulatory
716-879-4330

records request (foia)
1-800-833-6390 (option 5)

mount morris dam
(585) 658-4790

fusrap
1-800-833-6390 (option 4)

emergency management office
(716) 879-4160

contracting
1-800-833-6390 (option 6)

equal employment opportunity
 (716) 879-4271









recipient:

choose a recipient
public affairs
regulatory
records request (foia)
mount morris dam
fusrap
emergency management office
contracting
equal employment opportunity





your name:



your email address:



your phone number:





subject:




message:



contact me: a response is requested.
















u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district
478 main street
buffalo, ny 14202
 














news stories
















protecting buffalo’s harbor: the vital role of breakwaters and piers


by ryan campbell
buffalo distgrict
published feb. 10, 2025

                        (buffalo, n.y.) feb. 10, 2025 – buffalo harbor, situated on the shores of lake erie, is a key piece of commerce, transportation, and recreation in western new york. at the heart of the harbor’s resilience are its vital infrastructure components, including breakwaters and piers built and maintained by the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district. 

over the last 10 years, more than $74 million has been invested into these structures to protect the harbor, ensuring navigable waterways for economic and community vitality.
                    














that's a wrap – black rock lock looks back on 2024


by ryan campbell
buffalo district
published jan. 14, 2025

                        (bufalo, n.y.) jan. 17, 2025 – the black rock lock has wrapped up an eventful year, bringing a mix of challenges and achievements for a lock which is over 100 years old. 

maintained and operated by the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district, the black rock lock provides the only means for deep draft commercial vessels to reach delivery ports on the upper niagara river. it also provides safe navigation by allowing vessels to bypass the rapids on the niagara river at the outlet of lake erie.
                    














buffalo district commander makes first visit to va canandaigua


by ryan campbell
buffalo district
published dec. 20, 2024

                        (canandaigua, n.y.) - lt. col. robert burnham, commander of the u.s. army corps of engineers, buffalo district, made a significant visit to the canandaigua va medical facility, marking his first visit as district commander on dec. 18, 2024. 

it was a purposeful visit, beginning with a tribute to retired army master sgt. stan sharp, a decorated veteran and former military policeman and combat engineer, with more than 30 years of military service.

                    











buffalo district leadership










lieutenant colonel robert m. burnham
commander
view bio

download hi-res








major brian m. bergeman
deputy commander
view bio

download hi-res








mr. david romano
deputy for programs and project management
view bio

download hi-res




















 

























essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the great lakes and ohio river division website
the official website of the u.s. army corps of engineers great lakes and ohio river division. contact lrd-webmaster@usace.army.mil for website corrections.

disclaimer: this is an official u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) website, however hyperlinked locations do not constitute a usace endorsement. usace does not exercise any editorial control over the information at linked locations.













contactjoin our teamfoiaigbusiness with useeo & sharplink disclaimerprivacy & securitysite map


section 508plain writing actno fear actopen governmentsmall business actreport suspicious activityfind government services (usa.gov)



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













