



  




golf course signs | signage for golf courses - cylex signs







































































































toggle navigation











 

home
about us
store
gallery 

golf 

directional & info
entry signs
tee markers
tee signs
yardages


park & rec 

park signs
trail signs


other signage 

other signs
memorial signs
sponsor signs




request a quote
 


















 

































golf 







parks & recreation 







other signage 














 







                        we are the original synthetic stone / faux wood sign manufacturer​                    
cylex signs has been producing synthetic stone / faux wood signs and markers for golf courses, parks and sports facilities for over 40 years.

our products are sold to - daily fee golf courses - private golf courses - resorts - municipal golf courses - military golf courses - management companies - golf communities - contractors - parks and recreations - hoa's​


                                                                            learn more                                                                    









































                        latest photos                    





























									follow us on instagram							
















 



                        special projects                    



                                                                            see more                                                                    


























 











 

























 



                        refurbished signs                    
instead of paying the high cost of a new sign, we offer you refurbishing services that will have your old signs and markers looking new again. this is a low cost alternative to purchasing new signs or markers.


                                                                            see more                                                                    




















                        amazing experiences                    
























                        “                    








coastal florida is known for its beautiful seascapes and vibrant colors. cylex signs helped design and implement a sign program that captured those qualities and stands up to the natural elements that can ruin signs made from other materials. barbara manzo, deputy director of parks for lee county, stated “we made the change to cylex signs and have been extremely happy. cylex signs have a natural beauty, high durability and are very low maintenance. we have been pleased with their quality, service and responsiveness to our needs. 



 



barbara manzo 



deputy director of parks, lee county, fl 











                        “                    








westin resorts are known worldwide for their unsurpassed quality and attention to detail. the elegant look of cylex signs is an integral part of one of their newest facilities, the westin kierland resort and spa. lloyd hall, vice-president for woodbine development corporation, owner/developer of the westin kierland resort and spa had this to say: “we continue to be very pleased with our cylex signs. a tight schedule and changes in the signage for the opening of the herberger ballroom, a new addition to the westin kierland resort and spa, made this a challenging project. cylex was always ready and everything was installed on time. even the custom signage for our courtyards were carefully coordinated with unique art work incorporated into the signage. i would highly recommend them to anyone. 



 



lloyd hall 



vice president 











                        “                    








arlington neighborhoods are not required to use a particular signmaker, but the county encourages them to use cylex in phoenix, arizona. “not many companies make this particular kind of sign,” said chris nixon, coordinator for arlington county’s neighborhood conservation program. “they’ve held up the best, they have the best prices, and they have been easy to deal with. they have been wonderful at taking volunteer artwork and turning out signs that look great. 



 



chris nixon 



arlington county, as quoted in the washington post 


































 



 









phoenix, az46°sunnysunmontue75°f / 52°f79°f / 52°f77°f / 50°fphoenix, az weather forecast ▸ 

contact infoemailinfo@cylexsigns.comphone1-800-356-3055address3820 n 38th ave
phoenix, az 85019hours of operation mon – fri: 6:30am – 3:00pm
sat-sun: closed
 

 

golf

directional-info

entry signs

tee markers

tee signs

yardages & driving range


park & rec

park signs

trail signs


other

other signs

memorial signs

sponsor signs 

product tagsarch
ball
boulder
chipped edge
circle
dbl blasted
driving range
faux bronze
irregular
letters
markers
metal
painted
polished
post
real stone
resin filled
reverse blast
rock
sandstone/granite
sign
sliders
smooth
special
straight edge
tee markers
totem
wedge
woodgrain 







































