







crow woods




















































0








        skip to content
      
























        crow woods
      













                    member login
                  






open menu
close menu




























        crow woods
      













                    member login
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  crow woods
                






                member login
              































make your nest at crow woods cohousing!




join us in our nine-unit cohousing community in the northgate neighborhood of seattle



























a range of floor plansour community features a mix of 2- and 4-bedroom homes ranging in size from 1,000 - 1,400 sq.ft. the homes are designed to serve a wide spectrum of family compositions and to accommodate the needs of households as they change over time.
















centering community through site designthe nine homes in our community are nestled around a shared courtyard and garden. the homes match the scale of the neighborhood and are arranged to provide gathering space sheltered from the road.
















inclusive homes with adaptable featuresour community has been created with long-term planning in mind. all homes have a kitchen, living room, dining area, in-unit washer/dryer, first-floor bathroom, and two covered porches. many homes also include a first-floor bedroom suited for aging in place.
















the common house & other shared amenitiesthe landscape features native & edible plantings, established mature trees, shared work/dining space (the common house), tool storage, a hot tub, a fire pit, and pockets of gardens throughout. 








construction began july 2024



anticipated move-in fall 2025










































































































































































































































































































































slide 1
slide 1 (current slide)





slide 2
slide 2 (current slide)





slide 3
slide 3 (current slide)





slide 4
slide 4 (current slide)





slide 5
slide 5 (current slide)





slide 6
slide 6 (current slide)





slide 7
slide 7 (current slide)





slide 8
slide 8 (current slide)





slide 9
slide 9 (current slide)





slide 10
slide 10 (current slide)





slide 11
slide 11 (current slide)





slide 12
slide 12 (current slide)





slide 13
slide 13 (current slide)





slide 14
slide 14 (current slide)





slide 15
slide 15 (current slide)





slide 16
slide 16 (current slide)





slide 17
slide 17 (current slide)





slide 18
slide 18 (current slide)





slide 19
slide 19 (current slide)





slide 20
slide 20 (current slide)





slide 21
slide 21 (current slide)





slide 22
slide 22 (current slide)





slide 23
slide 23 (current slide)





slide 24
slide 24 (current slide)





slide 25
slide 25 (current slide)





slide 26
slide 26 (current slide)





slide 27
slide 27 (current slide)





slide 28
slide 28 (current slide)





slide 29
slide 29 (current slide)





slide 30
slide 30 (current slide)





slide 31
slide 31 (current slide)





slide 32
slide 32 (current slide)






















want to learn more?




    about our community
  




    about our site
  




    see available units
  




    read the faqs
  




    contact us
  




























about our community




our vision for community lifeat crow woods, our goal is to build a community where sharing and collaboration are at the heart of everything we do. residents will be actively involved in managing various aspects of our shared space, from overseeing the condo association and maintaining the landscaping to setting community policies and handling other collective responsibilities. it is our belief that in a well-functioning community, it is a joy to contribute because of the incredible benefits we all reap from our shared work.we believe in the power of shared experiences and are committed to hosting community meals at least twice a week in the common house to strengthen our bonds and enjoy each other's company. as we’re currently in the process of drafting our by-laws and community policies, now is an exciting time for prospective residents to get involved and help shape the future of crow woods. your input and engagement will play a crucial role in crafting a community that reflects our shared values and vision.
















our historythe development of crow woods is led by our founder and future resident, jane lester. this community is a dream come true for jane, who wanted to create a vibrant and joyful neighborhood where she and her fellow residents could truly thrive.jane's journey began with her participation in the national cohousing conference in portland in 2019 and with her membership in a group focused on exploring potential paths for creating urban cohousing in seattle. these experiences, combined with her passion for community living, inspired her to start crow woods. she teamed up with marjorie design (project management/cohousing consulting) and hybrid (architect/builder) to find the perfect site, and landed in the northgate neighborhood—two charming, oversized parcels with huge evergreen trees that were just waiting for the right opportunity.with the site secured, jane reached out to others who shared her vision of community living, and together they formed the founding families of crow woods. every aspect of crow woods reflects this collective dedication to fostering real connections and creating a home that's deeply connected to both nature and the community. from the thoughtful home designs and walkable location to the inviting shared outdoor spaces, crow woods is all about finding that perfect balance between privacy and togetherness.




























about our site

















haller lake
















the bridge coffee house
















james baldwin elementary school



lot size: 23,250 sqft (half an acre)zone: nr2 (neighborhood residential 2)our site is located in residential zoning in the city of seattle (northgate area) and will feature 9 homes. there are some large mature trees on site that we are working to preserve.the neighborhoodthe site is next to uw medical center, one block from a large verdant cemetery, and 4 blocks from northacres park which has a spraypark and off-leash dog area. there are numerous restaurants, cafes, and grocery stores accessible within a 20-minute walk / 5-minute bike ride. there is even a coffee shop up the street and the brand-new james baldwin elementary school just a couple of blocks away.transit & walkabilitytwo bus lines share a stop less than a block away, the 345 and the 346. additionally, an e-line stop is only a 10-minute walk away. the e-line is a rapid transit line that has buses roughly every 10 minutes. the site is within a 20-minute walk of two light rail stations (one of which is under construction and will be completed in 2026). the northgate light rail station is located to the southeast and the new ne 130th station is being built to the northeast.we also have three shared parking spaces on the property and limited nearby on-street parking. this community was intentionally chosen for its easy access to public transit and walkability, and it is not designed for those who are car-dependent. we encourage residents to take advantage of the abundant local transit options.
















evergreen washelli cemetery
















northacres park






















































available units






featured

























unit e1






4 bedrooms2 bathroomsapprox. 1,400 sf


























unit n2






4 bedrooms2 bathroomsapprox. 1,400 sf


























unit n1






2 bedroom1.5 bathroomsapprox. 988 sf










































            what is cohousing?
          










cohousing is a type of intentional community where people live together in neighborhoods designed to facilitate community interaction while preserving personal privacy. each household has a private home as well as access to shared community amenities and spaces. residents manage their community, participate in communal activities, and frequently eat together, fostering a strong sense of mutual support.read more about the beauty of cohousing communities.








            what is the construction timeline?
          










construction began on july 22nd and we had our groundbreaking celebration on july 28th. we expect construction to last approximately 16 months.move-in is scheduled for fall 2025.








            what is the development/ownership model for the project?
          










the community is being self-developed by an llc funded by member equity contributions. we hired a number of experts to guide the development process including marjorie design, hybrid (design, build, develop), & earthdance organics.we've secured a construction loan from 1st security bank which will provide the funds for our project until the units are available for sale.once construction is complete, the community will have a condo ownership structure and all unit owners will be members of the condo association.click here to learn more about how this project took shape.








            what are the community policies and regulations?
          










we are in the process of drafting the condo association documentation including community policies. if you would like to learn more, let us know and we would be happy to share.








            what are the next steps if i want to learn more about crow woods?
          










it's important that prospective members be well informed before deciding to join a cohousing community. future residents of crow woods have several opportunities to get to know us, and vice versa.first, reach out to us via the contact form.next, join us at one of our community events such as potlucks, workdays, and site visits to get to know your potential future neighbors.then, read through the community documents to fully understand what the plans are for living in crow woods. we will be refining these documents through construction and your thoughts as a prospective resident are valued.finally, sign a reservation agreement for your desired unit and formally join the community!








            what are my options for parking and transit?
          










there are two bus lines that have a stop less than a block from the site, the 345 and the 346. additionally, there is a nearby e-line stop only a 10-minute walk away. the e-line is a rapid transit line that has buses roughly every 10 minutes. the site is within a 20-minute walk of two light rail stations (one of which is under construction and will be completed in 2026). the northgate light rail station is located to the southeast and the new ne 130th station is being built to the northeast.we also have three shared parking spaces on the property and limited nearby on-street parking. this community was intentionally chosen for its easy access to public transit and walkability, and it is not designed for those who are car-dependent. we encourage residents to take advantage of the abundant local transit options.








            what are the anticipated home prices?
          










the current estimated price of a home in crow woods ranges from $650,000 - $1,000,000 depending on unit size and amenities.please note that this is a working estimate and the prices are subject to change.








faqs




meet our team















architectural design development consultingconstruction management















project managementcohousing expertisecommunity management















landscape design















construction financing






























          contact
        











contact










        contact 
      






interested in living in crow woods? fill out some info and we will be in touch shortly! we can't wait to hear from you!










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone
              
            



(###)





###





####





              which units are you interested in?
              
            
please check all that apply.
 n1 (2 bdrm, 1.5 bth)
 n2 (4 bdrm, 2 bth)
 e1 (4 bdrm, 2 bth)
 w2 (2 bdrm, 1.5 bth)



              message
              
                *

tell us a little bit about yourself.




              how did you hear about crow woods?
              
                *

please check all that apply.
 word of mouth
 flyer
 cohous website
 cohous conference
 social media
 future resident
 sign at property
 foundation for intentional community website
 other






thank you for inquiring about crow woods!someone from our team will reach out to you shortly.
















