


burkhardtreiter.net - burkhardt reiter - realtor























burkhardt reiter
software developer
i am a builder of systems and networks and i love solving problems with flexible solutions. my career goal is to work with a team of similarly passionate people who are concerned with details and producing maintainable code.


portfolio projects
source code for these and other projects-in-progress are visible at my github profile

golf score card
raindrop zen generator
rhythmicon generator



jobs i've had
& what i learned while on them

software developer: pnc bank
tech stack: kafka, karate, js, java, git, vscode, intellij, groovy, gradle, node.js, avro schema, mongo db, agile development, jira

realestate agent: neighborhood realty services
day to day: contracts, hand-money, contractual-deadlines, negotiating, real-estate as an investment

lecturer in music: university of pittsburgh, duquesne university, west virginia university
skills: computer music generation techniques, web-based learning portals, teaching and talking to large groups, harmonic theories, composition, mentorship

free-lance composer
                        commissions & performances: wellesley composers conference, pittsburgh foundation, june in buffalo, alia musica, lots of soloists, computer generated and aided music production, bmi




degrees & training

full stack development certificate: tech elevator
projects: a digital vending machine, national park reservation system, weather forecaster
                            tech stack: c#, .net, js, css, mysql, html, git

ph.d. in music composition and theory: university of pittsburgh
analysis: communicating loss and remembrance in christopher rouse's trombone concerto
composition: white space waiting composition for chamber orchestra

bachelor's in music: eastman school of music
performer's certificate in euphonium

java and web development courses: community college of allegheny county






burkhardtreiter.net



				home
			



				contact
			





burkhardt reiter, realtorhello! i am an enthusiastic realtor, serving the pittsburgh region since 2013. real estate transactions are a series of choices. while the documents among each transaction remain consistent, the personal dynamics of each transaction are unique. when i am working for you as your buying or listing agent, my job is to get you the information you need so that your decisions are based on the facts at hand. when you get the keys to your new home or the proceeds from your old one, i'll have been with you through every step, respecting and supporting your decisions along the way. call on me today to get your next move started!

its been nearly a year since we found our new home. it was not a short process but that is where someone that understands the market but also your personal ambitions come into play. burkhardt's combination of compassion, knowledge, and honesty are rarities in any field and i am pleased to offer  him our wholehearted endorsement, with the added hope of working with him again in the future. - jon from regent square


site powered by weebly. managed by pair domains

















