




welcome to my backyard!





 




welcome to

the home of the "backyard  			 renegade"




i just want  		to build boats! as you  		will see i have not really found a definite direction for this new web site,  		but i know where it will not go. i refuse to turn it into a "boat plans  		clearinghouse" specializing in redrawn phil bolger/harold payson stuff for $50  		bucks a pop. neither have i anything against the tried and true manufacturers  		of floating clorox bottles, but not everyone can afford one. this site is  		dedicated to the backyard renegade, the blue collar artist, the parent who  		wants to take a kid fishin', the would be builder who needs a place to start,  		the daydreamer, the inspired, the practical, and most of all, the  		cheap! (scotty, sept 98')



boats for sailing,  			 sculling, paddle, or electric.

my pram...the "little  			 joe", a great tender or pond boat. 

the "stanley sie" a  			 classic scrappie



lets start from the  			 beginning... out of the 45 or so boats i have built, at least half of them have  			 been different designs. guys tell me that if i want to make money i need to  			 make ten at a time, but that would be to much like work! i have built  			 sailboats, punts, prams, canoes, dories, pirogue, and a few boats i call  			 "classic scrappies". like i said before, "i just want to build boats!" 
click here to see scotty's boats.
i call this one "little  			 joe" built with the vast connecticut river in mind. she has a 54" beam, a "vee"  			 bottom and 13" sides. the bow has an extreme sweep up to the nose which keeps  			 this boat very dry. it has gone through several changes since the first time  			 you saw it, but it has developed into a great little boat. weighing less than  			 80 lbs. and with almost 2 cubic feet of floatation this is a great boat for  			 kids and fits nicely on top of your car or in the back of a pickup truck.
click here to see more about my pram
i'm certainly no earle  			 brockway, but since his passing there has been a need for a cheap and durable  			 locally built workboat. a while back a friend brought me a 1958 brockway .  			 after about 100 people asked if i was going to build some, i went ahead and  			 took the lines. i use epoxy, stainless steel, and glass tape, the brockway's  			 used roofing nails and tar.
click here  			 to see more about the classic scrappies



all new for 2002
  below is my latest creation. up  		until i built this vessel i was not a paddler..in fact i was a real stinkpot  		but once this one got in my head, i really went nuts. harrassing my family with  		several scale cardboard models of this "concept kayak", they finally  		screamed..."oh please, just go outside and build the darn thing!" 
  so i did.  		i call this model, "warcanoe, type 5". this  		one is named the "iona b", after me mum...click on the image below for more  		info and photos...





a couple of years ago i asked my friend if i was  				really a boatbuilder like everyone said. he turned to me and asked, "how many  				boats have you built?. i answered then, "about 20"...he said, "you'll be a  				boatbuilder when you've built about 100 boats".
        well by the end of this  				summer i will have built only 50 or so boats, but this pure "calico hunter" was  				designed and built for jimi (sockale') as a light weight "carry in" for fresh  				water fishing. 
        i call this one "manhattan", she weighs 90  				pounds....
        well jimi, how many boats do i need to build now??








        this is a great example of going  			 overboard on what was supposed to be a cheap utility boat...

        5/8" mahogany, okoume, bronze silicone, and  			 stainless steel.







        calico hunter and the war canoe at
        the top  			 secret test facility

        the war canoe weighs about 35 pounds
        and is about  			 12 feet long.



        i weigh about 160 with a wet hat. i am going
        to make some  			 changes so that she will sit a little 
        lower in the water. not bad for a  			 first try, huh?

        here's the ballast  			 test..my buddy jimi (right) weighs
        about 235 and his friend randy is just a  			 little less...
        they still had a good 10" of draft in an 11 foot boat!






click the photo to the right to  			 see more about the gloucester gull,
        i like this boat, a lot...wish i  			 didn't
        have to let it go....but i've got the molds, you bet!




after 40 years there is still no better place for the  		first time boat builder to start than 
harold h. "dynamite"  		payson. inspiration mixed with a little common sense...click here (downloads page)  
inkys food storage planner
-
	
	95320.
	
	


3/29/2001 you have been  		asking me for years and i have finally decided to make plans for "little joe"  		my motor pram available for a limited time at a special price of $25.00. i have  		drafted them onto 4 professionally detailed 17" x 24" blueprints along with  		step by step instructions for anyone familiar with "stitch and tape" type  		construction. help support smallboats.com, order a set today!  		besides, i worked really hard on these, if you don't order any i will have  		issues...and then i will take it out on some poor guy on my bulletin  		board...and we don't want that to happen.
click  		here for prices and further details.
ira has given us another set of free plans. "the  		herring skiff" and now "the double paddle dory"

free plans by ira einsteen





  folks have visited this site since  		september 1998 

[ smallboats  		home ] [ scotty's boats ] [ boat  		kits ] [ boat plans ] [current projects ]
  [ dynamite payson ] [ free plans by ira einsteen ] [ contact  		scotty ] [ links ] [ order form ]
this document maintained by the backyard  		renegade.
  do not copy this stuff for other than personal use. if you would  		like to use any of the photos, graphics, or text information for any other  		purpose, please contact me first. i can at times be pretty  		reasonable...
scotty (feb,  		01) those of you who have been here before will see that  		after 2+ years, i have finally re-built my website . i have some more stuff to  		put up in the near future, but for now this will have to do. you will find most  		of the old stuff mixed in with the new stuff ...but it's less of a mess than it  		was before!


below are some personal  		observations not at all related to boating...
about new  		yorkers
the fellow was telling a  		story about being in the hospital interviewing a firefighter injured on  		september 11. he said that it was "just like in a movie". at one point he  		thanked the fallen hero for going into the building with no concern for himself  		or his own safety. "the firefighter lifted his head, and with a thick ny accent  		said", "whadidya expect, i'm a new yorker".

about  		americans





        scotty,  				sept.16, 2001
        after the events of the  				last week it would be easy for me to hate. but because i am an american, i  				can't let that happen.

        in so much of the coverage, in so many of the  				pictures, there she is, lady liberty standing proud, calling to the masses, and  				crying for her children.

        god bless new york, strong and proud, the most  				diversified city in the world. you have shown us a strength, brotherhood,  				bravery, and determination that exemplifies the best america has to offer, you  				are indeed the most deserving caretakers of our precious, lady liberty. 

        lady liberty, watch over your city, our great country, and the people  				you have brought to it. you and your children should know that we and the world  				are watching too, we are proud of what you stand for, we will never leave your  				side, we will honor your call, and we will never forget. 








still shakin' my head about earnhardt...



if anything, and  				if earnhardt was still here to tell us today, he'd probably walk over to  				marlin, put his arm around his shoulder, give him that famous dale earnhardt  				smile and say, 
        "well heck, sterling, don't worry about it. that's  				racin'."
        good-bye dale, it wasn't supposed to happen this  				way...
        (text taken from quotes in news  				reports)



maxwidth: "600"

