



political science (pols) – college of social sciences, uh mānoa, hawaiʻi




















































skip to content 





 




menu 
home
about

alternative futures
comparative politics
indigenous politics
international relations
law and policy
political theory


undergraduate program

minor
major
bam
undergraduate slos
honors track
undergraduate advising
community internships
certificate in law and society
internships and scholarships


graduate program

graduate slos
funding opportunities
teaching opportunities
ma program
phd program
applications and admissions
graduate students


faculty

richard chadwick
kathy ferguson
noelani goodyear-kaʻōpua
jonathan goldberg-hiller
jairus grove
nicole sunday grove
debora halbert
manfred henningsen
katharina heyer
ehito kimura
sankaran krishna
lawrence nitz
debbie samaniego
jamaica osorio
michael shapiro
dean saranillio
noenoe silva
nevzat soguk
carolyn stephenson
kate zhou
felix mantz


give a gift
contact
 
















political science at the university of hawaiʻi
e komo mai. the department of political science at uh mānoa focuses on the study of political power. a genuinely international department, our students and faculty are diverse, and embody uh’s mission to be a “globally-connected hawaiian place of learning.” we stand out in the fields of alternative futures, comparative politics, indigenous politics, international relations, law and policy, and political theory.
we offer small student-centered classes and help students become critical thinkers, problem solvers, and effective communicators. students learn to identify ways that political power shapes and is shaped by individuals, communities, social movements, corporations, nations, and other forces. our curriculum promotes the acquisition of knowledge and skills demanded by professional employers. our graduates enter a range of exciting careers, including but not limited to journalism, government, law, education/academia, and research.

































facebook





twitter





instagram


 









 















disclaimer: the information on this website is for general information purposes only. we attempt to keep the information up to date and correct but do not make any warranties about its completeness, reliability, and accuracy. any reliance upon this information is strictly at your own risk. we will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website. privacy policy. policies and committees.
© 2000-2021, political science (pols). all rights reserved.









the university of hawaiʻi is an
equal opportunity institution.

webmaster: cssweb@hawaii.edu


















