









allen neighborhood center nonprofit organization in lansing, mi










































 












tel.: (517) 367 - 2468
















donate 



















home
our programs

veggie box

application
veggie box faq
meet the suppliers
veggie box newsletters


allen farmers market

book a pedicab ride


hunter park gardenhouse

garden-in-a-box
gardenhouse workshops
urban gardener certificate program
spring plant sale


outreach services

eastside neighborhood

meet the neighbors


housing
health coverage
free health & fitness classes


youth and seniors

senior discovery group
youth programs

take root garden club
youth service corps

fruit tree project
garden-in-a-box






incubator kitchen program

start your kitchen rental here
the rathbun accelerator kitchen & food hall
kitchen entrepreneurs


breadbasket
rentals

great room
conference room/classroom
storage




get involved

donate and sponsor
volunteer
employment & internships


about us

contact us
anc staff
board
publications & transparency reports


events
allen place
 
















outreach services
our senior discovery group; one of many programs we offer!
learn more 









veggie box
sign up for a subscription to local, seasonal & sustainably-grown veggies & food products, all from mid-michigan farmers!
learn more 









allen farmers market
outdoor season: join us every wednesday from 3:00 to 6:30pm at 1629 e kalamazoo!
learn more 









volunteer with us!
we couldn't do it without the help of our dedicated volunteers-- find out how you can get involved!
learn more 

















welcome to allen neighborhood center!
  our mission: 

allen neighborhood center (anc) serves as a dynamic hub where lansing eastside neighbors access resources to improve their health and well-being; expand their capacity to seize job and entrepreneurial opportunities; create a strong sense of place, belonging, and community pride; and build a safe, sustainable, and thriving neighborhood. 


	what we do:

since 1999, anc has pioneered programs in health education and outreach, housing improvement, food security and nutrition education, youth development, commercial corridor revitalization, and social capital building. we do all of this with the generous support of the engaged and unique eastside community.

the award-winning allen farmers market
urban growing initiatives centered around the hunter park gardenhouse
community building outreach and engagement
allen market place rentals for events
incubator kitchen for entry-level food entrepreneurs
veggie box, our multi-farm csa 
programs for youth and seniors


good health is contagious; catch some on the eastside







join our email list!



receive bi-weekly newsletters about allen neighborhood center programming and community news!  



subscribe









donate today!

 



 since 1999, allen neighborhood center has used door-to-door canvassing and community discussion to synthesize the voices of our neighbors with our community building resources, bringing a neighborhood-crafted vision for the eastside to life. your willingness to team up with us to promote neighborhood revitalization, increase food access and security, ignite entrepreneurial enterprises, and implement health-related initiatives that enrich people’s lives is very much appreciated. we promise that, with your support, we will continue to catalyze neighborhood-driven transformative change in lansing.

donate
become a program sponsor
donate your time: volunteer


 










contact us allen neighborhood center

1611 e kalamazoo st
lansing, mi 48912

(517) 367-2468
 


follow us! 


follow our programs 


affiliated sites 
allen place
sign in 









							allen neighborhood center 2022						



designed by wplook studio


















