



worldmark owners

























































home




forums



new posts
search forums






what's new



featured content
new posts
latest activity










log in


register





what's new



search



search




search titles only

													
													
note




by:





search
advanced search…















				menu
				




							log in
						




								register
							





install the app
install







javascript is disabled. for a better experience, please enable javascript in your browser before proceeding.
you are using an out of date browser. it  may not display this or other websites correctly.you should upgrade or use an alternative browser.

open discussion of worldmark the club and other timeshare topics








								vpn_restriction
							















vpn restriction

      in accordance with our privacy policy, when you register as a member at
      worldmark owners (wmowners.com), we collect your internet protocol (ip)
      address. your ip address is never publicly visible. we may prevent your
      use of a virtual private network (vpn) or other ip cloaking when
      contributing content to the “classified ads” forums. this policy is
      intended to minimize the risk of potential fraud for forum users.
    























welcome, owners of worldmark, the club

a few words about us

what is wm owners, inc?

      wm owners, inc. is a non-profit, non-charitable corporation. the corporation operates solely in support of its mission statement. we are a group of volunteer worldmark, the club owners who love to vacation, and in particular love our worldmark memberships. wm owners, inc. is operated “by owners, for owners."  our volunteers do not receive any form of compensation for their volunteer efforts.
        what is the organization's mission?

 our mission is to:- support owner advocacy- provide education- encourage open communication- create community
 how did it start?


        in 2004, a small group of owners bound together by a common interest set out to develop a true worldmark website created “by owners, for owners”.  in spite of never having enough time to do all they wanted, they nonetheless created wmowners.com which has slowly developed into what you see today.  over time, volunteers have come and gone. some tasks have been abandoned in favor of others, and mistakes have been made along with many successes.  all who have been involved have given their best.  as a result, owners are more knowledgeable, friendships are blossoming, and the ability to enjoy our club has expanded.  
      




contribute

			  all contributions are used to fund the operation of this website and to assist in funding projects related to the corporation's mission statement. holding true to our founding principals, this site is entirely free and without advertising. we hope you will consider contributing to wm owners, inc. and help spread the word about wmowners.com so that we can reach out to all of our 220,000± fellow worldmark, the club owners.
		  

			 contributions by check or money order may be sent to: 
		  
wm owners, inc.p. o. box 3184salem, or 97302
or, contribute online using credit, debit, or pay pal:
       














thank you. your contribution is appreciated.









forum statistics


threads
43,443


messages
390,770


members
21,756


latest member
halrob













contact us
terms and rules
privacy policy
help
home
rss




community platform by xenforo® © 2010-2024 xenforo ltd.



 



back


top







