







discover the best dog products in the uk - dogs & co


































































































 

















skip to content














handmade british pet products & uniwalker training figure of 8 lead









menumenudog collars

signature leather collarsluxe leather collarsrolled leather collarsdiamante dog collarsribbon dog collarshoundmicrofiber soft collars & leads
dog leads

uniwalker figure of 8 dog leadsignature leather leadsluxe leather leadsrolled leather leadsribbon dog leadsrope & nylon leads
dog toys

dog toys – plushdog toys- largedog toys – smallinteractive treat dog toysfloating dog toysno stuffing dog toysno squeaker dog toys
dog clothing

dog coatsclothing accessoriesdog t-shirts & sleepweardog costumes
other goodies

after bathaccessoriesdog harnessbeds & blanketslast chance!footbowl
help & faq’s

our storyorderingreturnspost & shippingyour privacyterms & conditions
checkoutwishlist 





0



 







0



menu
close












dog collars

signature leather collars
luxe leather collars
rolled leather collars
ribbon dog collars
microfiber soft collars & leads
diamante dog collars
hound


dog leads

uniwalker figure of 8 dog lead
signature leather leads
luxe leather leads
rolled leather leads
ribbon dog leads
rope & nylon leads


dog toys

dog toys – plush
dog toys- large
dog toys – small
interactive treat dog toys
floating dog toys
no stuffing dog toys
no squeaker dog toys


dog clothing

dog coats
clothing accessories
dog t-shirts & sleepwear
dog costumes


other goodies

footbowl
after bath
accessories
dog harness
beds & blankets
last chance!


help & faq’s

our story
ordering
returns
post & shipping
your privacy
terms & conditions


checkout
wishlist







 


























 




							we ship worldwide						


						shipping prices are avalable at checkout					













 




							handmade & bespoke 						


						leather dog collars & leads - handmade by us					













 




							get it faster						


						expedited shipping is available					





























welcome to dogs & co the home of the best dog products in the uk. 
for all your canine companions needs, wants and desires. 


























 


























dogs & co have hand picked all of our pet products, so you get the very best dog collars & leads, toys & games as well as fun & practical accessories. in addition to our own dogs & co label exclusive items, we try hard to buy british and support uk small and medium businesses. but if we can’t find it here, then we go overseas to get the very best there. we visit all of our suppliers at home and abroad to build a personal relationship with them, to strengthen our ties and to bring you the finest, highest quality dog products available – anywhere! if you can’t find what you are looking for or would like some help choosing, please get in touch through our ‘contact us‘ page or the quick chat button (below, right) 










































 



























new / back in stock! 












 




tweed & faux fur blanket 








 




extra long cuddle dog toys 








 




tough dog toys 








 




dry coats & accessories 








 




dog coats & jackets 



























 











now in purple!uniwalker training lead 











 



























dogs & co bestsellers 












 




plush soft dog toys 








 




british rope twin leads 








 




uniwalker training lead 








 




our signature leather collars 








 




country themed dog toys 



























 
































 













 































january product picks 












 




waterproof dog coats 








 




large dog toys 








 




vest comfort dog harness 








 




footbowl by porta bowl 








 




double thick drying coats 






























if it’s got to be british!we are proud to not only make our own product ranges here in the uk, but also support many small and medium british businesses. look out for our made in britain logo – the union jack paw. if you see it at the top of the main page you can be sure these products are made exclusively by and for us in the uk. 







 



































 















dog clothingshop now  
















































dogs & co comes to you! if you would like to see some of our goods up close and personal – visit us at one of the many shows & events that we exhibit at up and down the uk. we always have a great selection of goodies for your doggie friends, including practical rope leads, bespoke handmade leather dog collars through to fun canine bow ties & tweed caps! to see where are going to be next, check out our events page by clicking on the photo below. if you would like us to bring an item or two especially for you, please get in touch in plenty of time before the show dates shown. 














events  -  we come to you!

events 









































 







contact
events
your privacy
terms & conditions
testimonials
news
covid policy
 










facebook-f
 



instagram
 






copyright 2010 – 2022 dogs & co. 














dogs & co uses cookies to improve your experience. we do not pass any data to third parties except in the course of your order.  we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept

















×






×cart 

































































