



the tony basilio show





































aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
bbb








header








































download our app









 






listen live!
tony

beano

archives


     today's show

     fifth quarter fan reaction


        tune in to thegarza law firm5th quarter after every game this fall!



     basketball overtime


        tune in to thegarza law firmbasketball overtime after every game this season!




join tclub
'x'
bb overtime


        tune in to thegarza law firmbasketball overtime after every game this season!


blogs

alison

little o

josh



links
contact

















go to page



go to page:		 
				






















the latest blogs





friday




posted: thursday, february 13th, 2025, 10:44 pm


by tony basilio

happy vandy / hofstra valentine's friday:
               the vols open baseball season today:     here come the flying dutchmen ...  i mean the world champions of college baseball! going to be fun stuff to see the lads back at it. i'm heading to bradley's (for some chocolate covered in strawberries in milk or white chocolate) then popping over to the ballpark with some confectionery treats for tony vols. he thinks i'm kidding but i'm not. i don't kid about bradley's chocolates.
vandy will be a 14 point underdog:     and they're pretty good....[more]







thursday




posted: wednesday, february 12th, 2025, 10:35 pm


by tony basilio

happy tennessee baseball is a day away thursday:
               as we attempt to get the bitter taste of that sweep at the hands of kentucky out of our collective mouths, the world champions of college baseball are a day away from taking the field in defense of their championship. let's goooooooo.
what did we learn from kentucky experience:     gameplans matter!!     tennessee was thoroughly outcoached in both games. no offense. and i love rick barnes but last night was way worse than the first game. the first time around the vols were dead legged and jacked up 45 3's while tuesday tennessee went out of their way not to shoot hardly any 3 balls....[more]







wednesday




posted: tuesday, february 11th, 2025, 11:41 pm


by tony basilio

tennessee kentucky live blog:
   vols two trips and two turnovers ... it's 4-0 early. jeez ...
zz has 2 turnovers before the first tv timeout.
poor lanier misses another wide open 3 ball. hope that's not a sign of things to come.
it's 6-5 early but tennessee is doing a nice job of getting very good shots.
kentucky is also getting good shots early....[more]







tuesday




posted: monday, february 10th, 2025, 11:03 pm


by tony basilio

kentucky tuesday:
  vols already there:     tennessee bussed there ahead of the predicted snowstorm. the forecast calls for snow throughout the day with an accumulation of 1-3 inches.
snow crashed ticket market:     get ins were $53 as of last night. that's $73 after fees. corner downstairs were going for $207. that's much cheaper than usual. of course that the game falls on a weekday helps.
vols opened as a 1 point favorite tonight:     tennessee is better....[more]







monday




posted: sunday, february 9th, 2025, 10:16 pm


by tony basilio

happy super bowl monday:
 the vols got it done over the weekend while we celebrate the dawning of the season of lovers. meanwhile tennessee has a huge trip to kentucky tomorrow night in the get back game of the season.
get the app!  droid | iphone
our ut insider orange throat leads off:...[more]







friday




posted: thursday, february 6th, 2025, 10:45 pm


by tony basilio

happy super bowl friday:
it's the eagles and chiefs on the big stage once again sunday night. tennessee visits oklahoma on saturday and we have total team coverage.
                      an early vols basketball postgame tomorrow:     we'll be live tomorrow following ut/oklahoma which is an early noon start. bring it on!!!
you're in for a real treat with the smokies new stadium:      special thanks smokies president & coo chris allen for giving me a personal tour:      of the smokies' brand new downtown stadium. i was simply amazed by the thought given to every ounce of design to that stadium....[more]







thursday




posted: wednesday, february 5th, 2025, 11:16 pm


by tony basilio

happy thursday:
   tennessee won a terrific major college basketball game replete with highlight plays from both teams, and we're the better for it! total team coverage today in the blog of record ...
yesterday was national signing day:     who knew? not me. i still don't understand why we've moved nsd to before christmas but whatever. nsd back in the day was a really fun pre valentine's holiday for the college football fan everywhere.
get the app!      droid | iphone...[more]







wednesday




posted: tuesday, february 4th, 2025, 10:19 pm


by tony basilio

happy gameday wednesday:
                     happy birthday marcos garza!  you're a good man and a credit to us all.  and titans bill will be calling you on the show today.  please pick up.
missouri's in town tonight for a sneaky heavyweight fight. don't let the tigers name fool you....[more]







tuesday




posted: monday, february 3rd, 2025, 10:24 pm


by tony basilio

happy tuesday:
 vols get a break from the tuesday saturday cycle and we have some fun here today ...
get the app!      droid | iphone
hot chili alert in lincoln:     ut special teams coordinator mike ekeler's departure to nebraska was expected as he was working without a deal. ekeler gets to go back home. good for him. ekeler did a nice job with ut's special teams but his demeanor wasn't my cup of tea. something about a football coach that acts like a reject from the pat mcafee show that wears thin....[more]







monday




posted: sunday, february 2nd, 2025, 9:39 pm


by tony basilio

happy the vols restored order monday:
                      tennessee renewed our hope in mankind by trouncing florida over the weekend. meanwhile tony vols snuck in a juco power hitting first baseman out of the portal ...
get the app!   droid | iphone
our ut insider orange throat leads off...[more]







friday




posted: friday, january 31st, 2025, 1:07 pm


by tony basilio

happy florida friday:
 it's a huge game with florida this weekend in tba ... we have total team coverage ...
full crew on garza law tennessee basketball overtime tomorrow:     we'll be ready for the gravity of the situation ... taking your calls as soon as the game goes final ...
get the app!      droid | iphone
our ut insider orange throat leads off:...[more]







thursday




posted: friday, january 31st, 2025, 1:07 pm


by tony basilio

happy thursday:
                               taking a break from hoops for a hot minute ...      josh heupel gets some love on coaching rankings:     jd pickell of on3.com ranks today's college football coaches as follows:     1. kirby smart georgia     2. ryan day ohio state     3. steve sarkisian texas     4. kalen deboer alabama     5. dan lanning oregon     6....[more]







wednesday




posted: friday, january 31st, 2025, 1:06 pm


by tony basilio

happy tennessee stepped in it again wednesday:
i can't believe what i just witnessed ... i didn't think that was possible last night. tennessee got run by a short stacked kentucky team.
kentucky represented another game for the vols:     i was wondering aloud how it just didn't feel like a tennessee kentucky game day as a run up to last night's game and got an interesting text from a long retired ut ad employee ... 'tony i got it ... tonight's game is a sandwich game between auburn and florida.' only one small problem ... our team didn't show up and theirs did ......[more]







tuesday




posted: monday, january 27th, 2025, 9:42 pm


by tony basilio

happy kentucky tuesday:
  since 2016 tennessee is 11-10 overall in this series. that's pretty amazing when you consider that kentucky owns a 161-78 lead in the all time series. kentucky has inexplicably won two straight in tba aka fcc. matt dixon will unpack this game below but needless to say this game is huge for both teams. kentucky is no longer harboring visions of a #1 seed but a win tonight for them could be a real resume booster. tennessee should be better on both ends than this thrown together at the last minute team compiled by mark pope in his first season in the commonwealth.
we're talking vols cats postgame as soon as tonight's game goes final:     we'll be taking your calls on garza law tennessee basketball overtime as soon as tonight's game goes final. should be a lot of fun seeing the vols get some get back tonight ......[more]







monday




posted: sunday, january 26th, 2025, 9:47 pm


by tony basilio

happy super effort super bowl is set monday:
the super bowl field is set ...
special thanks to alex myers:     for allowing me to rest as i fight an illness. alex did a wonderful job captaining the garza law basketball overtime last night. alex is truly a talented pro and when you have the likes of brian hartman, matt dixon and mr. c in there, you get a terrific product. of course some of those callers are from a parallel universe but you can't have it all in life.
orange throat bats lead off today:     our ut insider kicks it in his own way on this monday ......[more]







friday




posted: thursday, january 23rd, 2025, 9:32 pm


by tony basilio

happy tennessee auburn weekend friday:
  we have a couple of title games in the nfl this weekend while the vols have a huge challenge in front of them tomorrow on the plains.
get the app!   droid | iphone
our ut insider orange throat leads off:     hit it throatie ...
                     bruce pearl has made hoops large ......[more]








one for the ages

ebbed tide


posted: sunday, october 16th, 2022, 5:40 pm


by beano

glorious alabama thoughts
opening: tennessee’s magical season continued saturday in raucous -and later jubilant- neyland stadium with the biggest win anyone’s seen here in eons. bad streaks continued to be erased including 15 straight -mostly humiliating- losses to the tide and 39 straight (courtesy of the mind of the great matt dixon) versus top-10 opponents. the question will remain until history provides an answer of whether this is real or is it memorex? sometimes it’s better not to question the legitimacy of magic but just enjoy the show.
qb extravaganza: bryce young (35-52; 455 yds; 2 tds) is everything advertised; a defending heisman winner and fantastic player. his arm talent and improvisational skills kept mighty alabama from being blown away amidst heupel’s team’s offensive blitzkrieg....[more]







savor this one

vols finally take down the gators


posted: sunday, september 25th, 2022, 7:28 pm


by beano

florida thoughts
intro
the first thing that comes to mind is what an incredible setting and environment saturday was. you could feel something different about the day the moment you stepped on campus. and for a change the vols rewarded the unmatched loyalty, passion and dedication of the fan base with an offensive performance and victory fans will remember and revisit for as long as they live.
forget the defensive gaffes, special team’s inability to recover the critical on-side kick, the current state of the gator program or the scarier-than-it-should-have-been ending this is one of the most memorable victories in tennessee football history. as j....[more]







concerns and comforts

this gator nonsense has to end; right?


posted: thursday, september 22nd, 2022, 7:40 pm


by beano

florida game concerns and comforts
i’m as comfortable as i’ve been in years that the vols can come away victorious over the florida gators on saturday and that makes me rather uncomfortable. does that make sense? i’m sure it does to every vol fan as all of us -regardless of when our introduction to tennessee football came- have suffered miserably at the hands of the gators. in order to appease the football gods -and in the spirit of the “rivalry”- i will take a more cautious approach in the blogosphere and admit that amid the blusterous noise of my confidence there are still concerns.
concerns
1-gators can run the ball and we haven’t: florida ranks 32nd in america in rushing offense at 212 ypg and have three capable rbs in montrell johnson jr (25-240; 9.6 ypc; 2 tds); trevor ettienne (22-166; 7.5 ypc; 2 tds) and nay’quan wright (24-103; 4.2ypc; 1 td)....[more]







harder than it should have been

but a sweet win


posted: sunday, september 11th, 2022, 8:14 pm


by beano

intro
it shouldn’t have been as hard as it was but tennessee went on the road and beat a ranked opponent in a game that may prove to be a signature win for josh heupel’s program and certainly could be the impetus for a marked improvement in year 2. the vols had enough self-inflicted gaffes to lose two games but somehow made just enough plays to escape with a victory
vols play backwards from what heupelball usually is
-the defense rather than their offensive counterparts carried the day.
-an offense that led the nation in 1st quarter scoring and often bogged down in the 2nd in 2021 didn’t score until the 1:02 mark of the first then rung up 17 points in the second....[more]







beano from reno is back

vol and sec predictions


posted: wednesday, august 24th, 2022, 9:01 pm


by beano

we're back for another year of foggy forecasts for both the vols and sec. if you invest any of your hard-earned cash on anything i post here...well your obviously new and i take no responsibility for your lack of discretion. well, let's get on with it. first for the vols:
2022 vol football forecast
sept 1- tennessee 62 ball state 13 cardinals in wrong place at wrong time
sept 10- tennessee 37 pitt 23 panthers new run-first offense can’t keep up...[more]







vol hoops look ahead

tuesday was fun


posted: thursday, february 3rd, 2022, 6:47 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (2-4-22)
give me that: prior to their game versus texas a&m, tennessee was a defensive stalwart and an offensive stall. every conference game with the exception of lsu had been such slogs that only kevin o’neill and sean sinclair dds (you know you’re my guy sinco) and the peers of his profession could derive any enjoyment. it was all a halfcourt rasslin match -and though their effort could never be questioned- from a viewer standpoint it was half-ass basketball. the vols had scored over 75 points only twice in eight league contests and lost by 28 in one of those. tuesday night’s game was a breath of fresh air after eight contests with the aroma of games played in a convenient store restroom. the defense was not what we’ve come to expect from the vols allowing the aggies to shoot 57.1% from the field and 42.9 from beyond the arc. they also turned the ball over 17 times leading to 18 points....[more]







vol hoop thoughts

i'm back; for now


posted: thursday, january 27th, 2022, 3:23 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (1-28-22)
hard watch: the 2021/22 tennessee basketball team -nearing the midpoint of the sec schedule- stand 14-5 overall, 5-3 in the conference, 11-0 at tba, with a terrific win over arizona and no bad losses. somehow, with all those check marks they engender anything but confidence in this aged follower. all the above plaudits aside, with their offensive struggles, slow starts and extended periods of failing to value the basketball every sec victory -with the exception of lsu- seems more tormenting than thrilling. as tony often says we’re writing numbers not painting pictures but that doesn’t make sitting in front of the television for 2 hours of agony any easier. just win baby works for me but can we win pretty just every once in a while?
  walk to the line but don’t cross it: earlier this season i was lamenting tennessee’s lack of edge and toughness....[more]







music city musings

grade for heupel and hoops


posted: sunday, january 2nd, 2022, 10:03 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (1-3-22)
music city bowl wrap: after days of postmortem and pmcbsd; post music city bowl stress disorder i won’t waste your time or mine with any in-depth analysis. let's go straight hit-it-and-quit-it:
-our secondary play was horrendous
-our pass rush was non-existent
-hendon hooker despite outstanding numbers was far from outstanding from either an accuracy or decision-making standpoint.
-our play calling both at the end of regulation and the ot period was as bad as we’ve seen from heupel in year 1....[more]







vol bowl boilerplate

some hoops too


posted: sunday, december 26th, 2021, 6:16 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (12-27-21)
boilers vol fans should watch for:
qb aidan o’connell is the big-10’s most accurate passer completing 73.5 % of his throws (289-393), while averaging 26.3 completions/game. despite splitting time at points of the season, o’connell has thrown for 3,177 yds (17th nationally) and 23 tds (25th nationally)
rb king doerue gets the majority of purdue’s carries with 125 on the season but averages only 3.9 ypc and 44.4 ypg rushing. he has 2 rushing tds on the season.
with david bell opting out purdue’s primary pass catcher will likely be wr milton wright who has 57 catches for 732 yds and a team-high 7 tds...[more]







vols take care of business

fun regular season comes to a close


posted: sunday, november 28th, 2021, 9:50 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-29-21)
vols regain footing: with an easy victory over in-state “rival” vanderbilt the vols reestablished what should be expected domination over our half-hearted neighbors to the west. vandy barley tries to be competitive choosing instead to remain in the sec for the annual paycheck shared whether you deserve it or not. in a story in the news sentinel by adam sparks last week about first-year vol and vanderbilt coaches one of the former commodore leaders from year’s gone by was quoted as saying “you can’t be harvard monday through friday and beat alabama on saturday” (are you listening donde?). the more things change the more they stay the same, i guess. but back to the vols; they have now defeated south carolina, missouri and vandy three consecutive times, thrashing each in josh heupel’s first year on the hill. along with continuing the vols domination of the kentucky series those are much-needed steps back toward relevance....[more]







finish the job vs vandy

happy thanksgiving


posted: wednesday, november 24th, 2021, 5:56 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-26-21)
god bless you guys: long-suffering tennessee football fans have seen enough change, turmoil and incompetence off the field in the last 15 years to last a lifetime. imagine being a player embroiled in a living sitcom of that magnitude none of your making. i can’t blame those who were promised a cadillac and handed a lemon for looking for greener pastures. but i have an immense affinity and respect and appreciation for those who chose to stay and as chief lone watie of outlaw josie wales fame was fond of saying “endeavor to persevere”. those who are listed as super seniors on the vol two-deep are wr velus jones jr, de ja’quain blakely, dt matthew butler, dt latrell bumphus (possibly returns), and star theo jackson. others may choose to forgo an additional year but the above-listed will complete their eligibility....[more]







dawg-whoppin

vols were good early and overwhelmed after


posted: sunday, november 14th, 2021, 5:32 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-15-21)
dawgs are damn good: georgia came into the game considered the best team in america by a wide margin and they are as good as advertised. their defense gives up yards between the 20s but scoring on them is another issue all-together. the dawgs offense was solidly efficient with almost 500 yards, three tds in four trips to the red zone, 14 points off two tennessee turnovers with zero giveaways of their own. their defense had six sacks and constantly pressured hendon hooker into rushed throws and questionable decisions while the much-maligned stetson bennett delivered time and again even with defenders in his face and around his legs. rb james cook was a one-man wrecking crew averaging 10.4 ypc with 2 tds rushing and 1 receiving. the dawgs are damn good. maybe good enough to end their 40 + year national championship drought good....[more]







dawg-gone good season

keep the overachievement going


posted: thursday, november 11th, 2021, 9:49 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-5-21)
dawg tales: in the years i traveled the sec road circuit to watch the vols we were extremely successful in athens. i saw the 1992, 94 and 96 editions and the dawg crowd was totally docile exiting their own stadium on each occasion. that was a far cry from the 1981 contest that fab-5 freddie claims is the worst he’s ever been treated as a visiting fan including multiple trips to the hell hole known as gainesville. since that 44-0 thrashing of the vols was the opener played on labor day weekend i escaped the humiliation playing softball in saint louis.
the 92 and 94 games both had a couple of humorous memories supplementing rewarding victories. the 92 vols surprised not only vol fans with their performance in athens that day but georgia faithful as well....[more]







whew! we beat the blue

order restored


posted: sunday, november 7th, 2021, 7:59 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-8-21)
expectations exceeded: at the first of every season, i foolishly attempt to predict the outcome of tennessee’s football season. due to my usually blind hope i more often than not paint a picture rosier than the eventual outcome. this year however i’ve likely been guilty of underselling the vols. i picked tennessee to finish the regular season 6-6 but if given a dose of sodium pentothal i would likely confess to actually thinking 5-7. i simply could not in good conscience post a prognostication piece with kentucky beating us. some things are beneath even my dignity. the vols 45-42 win over the cats saturday evening is the piece that will complete most tennessee faithful’s puzzle for josh heupel’s maiden season as the vols head coach if they can simply take care of business in the season’s final two weeks....[more]







beat the blue time

fight club open


posted: thursday, november 4th, 2021, 1:14 pm


by beano

on my alleged mind (11-5-21)
my fight club story: though i don’t travel to sec road games these days recent testimonials from those who do prove lexington is still a bubbling cauldron of fan frustration and futility. that hasn’t changed. in my day -other than gainesville- trips to lexington were always the most unwelcoming of anywhere i visited. the most egregious example occurred in 1985. the great sugar vols struggled in the first half going into the locker room at the break leading only 7-0. the second half was no-contest with the vols scoring five unanswered tds to win going away 42-0. as usual the fireworks were just beginning....[more]







same dama results

still something to build on


posted: sunday, october 24th, 2021, 11:51 am


by beano

on my alleged mind (10-25-21)
score doesn’t reflect my view: i’m either not the demanding fan i once was or i’m simply beaten down by extended failure because i somehow came away fairly impressed by tennessee’s moxie in a four-touchdown loss to alabama. as i said after last week’s close loss to ole miss at some point my patience will waiver and the honeymoon period for the current staff will end but today ain’t the day. a miscommunication between quarterback and receiver leading to a devastating turnover and josh heupel’s correct decision to go for a near hopeless 4th down conversion late, deep in our own territory, rather than trying to keep the deficit more palatable turned a competitive contest into a laugher. the vols were as mistake-riddled and incompetent in short-yardage situations than at any point in the season and still had alabama’s team and faithful sweating late. for right now i’m okay with just that.
  sad facts...[more]














listen live!

pick a player:














 









follow the show:



















 










click 
here to go to the




next level news center







espn.com (ncaa)

















espn.com











tennessean.com













 















follow fish hospitality pantries

 
fish hospitality pantries (a.k.a. hospitality pantries, inc.) operates four pantries 
in east, south, northwest and west knoxville. they currently provide food to approximately 8,000 families every month.

fish focuses on what more can be done to help ensure that everyone gets enough to eat.

thank you for your support!

click here to learn about continuing to support fish hospitality pantries.
































© 2025 tclub.teamtm

tclub.teamtm is owned by p & c entertainmenttm/tony basilio, owner







/\back to top


x

x
join the t club - please consider supporting this blog and the tony basilio show. you can subscribe here.
 
home
tony
beano
join t-club
'x'
podcasts
contact













