

vulture kulture --- metal art with an edge



















































































 
 
 


 
 
 


welcome   to



        vulture kulture® metal art with an   edge,
      where you will find ideas made of metal and more. 


 
 
 


 
 
 


this website is dedicated to the artwork of dan statler, an artist, production   designer, photographer and video director from venice, california.
dan   was the production designer for discovery channel's monster garage, and directed   three bad jack's video “crazy in the head”.        
in the gallery section you will find kustom metal furniture influenced by the googie   architecture;  the art that he created for monster garage inspired by the kustom   kulture, low brow art, and the california car culture; large format metal sculptures inspired by tv shows like “deadliest catch”, “ice road truckers”   and “biker build-off”; custom made corporate signs and sculptures: as well as metal creatures, tiki, hot rod art, and of  course, skulls and flames.
in the artist section you will find dan statler's other artistic   expressions, including “dan statler photography”, his photography portfolio. 


 


 





 


 


 










 

vulture kulture artwork and designs are now available for licensing. our   licensees include perri's leathers, yujean, trau & loevner, and more. for more information   on licensed products or to become a licensee,click here. 











 
 
 


















as many of you know, dan studied photography at east texas state university and   has been a professional photographer for many years.
                   
                  visit the dan   statler photography section to browse his fabulous photography work by clicking   here.











 
 
 











 

want 
                    to know more about dan statler's projects and metal artwork, 
                    upcoming events and new products in the store? subscribe to 
                    our newsletter and also receive members only promotions, 
                    discounts and contests. we promise not to spam, or share your 
                    address.

                    enter you e-mail address here to subscribe, and get a free 
                    shipping coupon code.






name:



last 
                            name:



e-mail:







 











 
 
 











 
official online store for the vulture kulture brand and other cool stuff by some   of our friends.











 
 
 














one of a kind sculptures and furniture for sale, as well as other vulture   kulture unique merchandise designed by dan statler. check out   www.kustomizeyourlife.com by clicking here.











 
 
 


 








 


we 
                    update our website constantly. don't miss our what's new section, 
                    featuring dan's latest metal artwork, photography, music videos 
                    and news.











 
 
 


  








 


check 
                    out our complete monster garage metal artwork gallery.











 
 
 


 


 
  





 







 


© dan statler 
          2003 - 2009 
 

 




 