


clean environment and waste reduction- the lost fan fiction archive :: 











home

most recent
titles
authors
search
categories


post story
help
log in



links
link to us
contact
support
mailing list
lost100




welcome to the all-pairings, all-genres, all-ratings archive for fan fiction about the new abc series lost.  we accept virtually any type of lost fan-written fiction, essays and poetry for our archives.  all you have to do is create a free account by clicking here and start submitting your work!  if you need any help uploading or searching the site, please read the help/faq page, and if you have any questions or concerns, feel free to e-mail the archive admins.
let's not forget to keep our planet clean, avoiding overusing resources and pollution. it is the responsibility of all and everyone to act properly in a green way, otherwise maybe one day what will be left of humanity could be no more than what is seen on lost!
so let's all be good citizens and clean our mess behind us.
a very dark scenario is appearing on the horizon if we do not do something about it, as a number of negative factors are combining to create a possible catastroph. namely pollution, overpopulation, global warming, climate change with more storms and droughts, species extinction, food shortage and famines, mass migrations and wars. 
it is not too late to improve our ways so we give a better life to future generations. 

since the beginning of his election campaign, president donald trump has pledged to roll back environmental regulations, encourage the use of coal and withdraw from the paris climate agreement - and he is about to all these things.
but critics say the new restrictions on scientific research and efforts to reverse air, water and worker safety standards could have long-term, widespread effects that would increase hard-won gains in public and environmental health.
the epa has also sought to delay by almost two years new standards to protect workers and emergency responders in chemical plants, as part of an obama era rule in response to a 2013 fire in a texas fertilizer plant that killed 15 people.
waste management is part of the equation and we take the example from leading companies in garbage collections such as tampa dumpster rental solution.

ecological footprint has become one of the key indicators of sustainable development. exceeding the natural ability of the territory to provide renewable resources and overshooting is not sustainable in the long run, as it leads to consumption of the earth's natural capital, which reduces its ability to support the development of future generations. the united states is the second most spoiled by nature after brazil. we thus benefit from 12% of the total biological capacity of the planet for 6% of the land area.

however, the management and treatment of household waste does not only reside in the application of laws, the purpose of which is to control environmental problems, particularly related to waste, but also resides in a change in social behavior. to achieve this and gain popular buy-in, you have to communicate. raising awareness, informing and educating are schematically the major virtuous phases of a corresponding communication campaign.

in addition, the environment becomes a value that must be passed on to young people through education. but is environmental education much more effective if we focus on children? or, on the contrary, does it go rather through the education of those who can act now, namely adults? or should we not choose and educate each other?

this being the case, information and training for local elected officials as well as users and young people therefore become essential tools for optimizing the disposal of household waste, including with the hire of a dumpster rental service. of course, communication takes place through written media, but it is only effective if it is relayed in the field; above all, it must be close communication. this is why, in order for the proximity effect to prevail, we have to favor field surveys with two actors: local elected representatives, the latter as decision-makers and first managers obviously train the actors; and the population: producer of household waste. on the other hand, we should carry out educational projects with schoolchildren through various activities. but what interest does the development of an education relate to the environment?
long-term damage
in a recent setback the administration announced the cancellation of security measures that regulate offshore drilling operations, adopted after the oil spill caused by the explosion of a bp platform in 2010 in the gulf of mexico. the us president signed two decrees to facilitate the construction of pipelines in the country and limit the actions of states to oppose it. the administration is also trying to change the vocabulary, time scales or methodology of some federal reports on air pollution or temperature changes, much to the chagrin of the scientific community.

but states, cities, universities and the private sector are not sitting idly by. the us climate alliance, a coalition of us states created the day of the exit of the united states from the paris agreement, has set itself to fulfill the objectives of the agreement. more than 400 mayors of american cities, united in the us climate mayors, multiply local policies in this direction. these are real measures and policies taken in areas where about half of the american population lives.

according to the provisions of the text the united states can not formally leave the paris agreement before november 4, 2020. four years after its entry into force and the day after the next american presidential election. there will be long-term damage to the environment in the usa, even if they change the president and he or she wants to re-engage on climate issues. how much long beach dirt to we need to gather on our beautiful shores before these people realize all the damage they are making to our beautiful nation, this remains to be seen! this is where the benefits of a few people are taking over the health of our entire planet, what a sad epoch we are living in.

the real estate sector is historically one of the pillars of the american economy, and this obviously contributes to pollution as well. the us real estate crisis has hit the bottom of the hole, but the recovery is still very slow depending on which state we are talking about. for example california has recovered quite well and prices are very high already. on the other hand illinois is still lagging and you can find very affordable bargains in chicago. 
activity remained buoyant in 2019, but u.s. growth is slowing. the u.s. economy has entered its eleventh year of expansion since the recovery that began in 2009, removing the debris of the financial crisis of 2008. however activity is showing signs of slowing in the second quarter of 2019 after sustained growth in preceding years. domestic demand remains well oriented thanks to the favorable situation of the labor market, which supports household consumption, and under the impetus of the tax cuts of the tax reform adopted at the end of 2017. the budgetary stimulus decided by congress in march 2018 also helped support growth. however the profile of growth in the second quarter shows the negative effects of trade tensions, including a drop in investment. the effect of expansionary fiscal policy is waning and unemployment appears to have bottomed out. other factors could cause a slowdown in activity: runaway wages, impact of trade measures or even financial risks.
the united states has a situation of full employment. the unemployment rate stood at 3.7% in august 2019, close to its lowest level in 1969, and job creation remains robust. the dynamism of the labor market favors the return to employment of people previously on the margins of the active population. this favorable context contributed to the rise in wages, while inflationary pressures remain moderate. the effect of fiscal policy on growth is waning, despite the adoption by congress of a bipartisan budget agreement. the fallout from trade tensions is helping to dampen growth. the increases in customs duties decided by china and the united states in the context of their trade disputes affect activity through several channels. higher imports are driving us companies to pay higher input costs and penalize consumption and investment, while rising chinese tariffs are hampering exports. in addition to these direct effects, there is a confidence shock linked to the uncertainty generated by trade tensions, which negatively affects financial conditions and investment. in total, analysts estimate that trade tensions affect growth by 0,5 point of gdp and are at the origin of an additional inflation estimated at 0.3 point in 2019.
the fed lowered interest rates three times in 2019 to support activity in the face of the deteriorating economic environment. faced with signs of a slowdown in a degraded international environment (slowdown in china and the euro zone, brexit, escalating trade tensions, geopolitical uncertainties), the central bank decided to lower interest rates in july, september and october, bringing the rate range to [1.5% -1.75%]. it is now making a sustained and persistent acceleration in inflation a prerequisite for any further rate hikes. 
how to manage the waste in your home? proper management of your household waste allows you to improve its treatment and recover it. by taking the trouble to sort your waste (before putting it in the trash), you can ensure that it can be recycled, when possible, or disposed of in the least polluting way possible. you thus contribute to reducing their environmental impact. americans are producing ever more waste. according to the epa, annual production has doubled in 40 years and would be equivalent to 768 kg per inhabitant. faced with this observation, more and more households are getting into the habit of sorting their waste. but not all of them can necessarily be recycled: some of them end up stored or incinerated, with harmful effects on the environment. what are the different waste recovery sectors? how can we reduce the amount of waste produced each year? what are the methods to ensure good management of household waste? why is it necessary to properly sort your household waste?
households are responsible for the production of 3 types of waste: (1)household waste, resulting from domestic activity which is essentially made up of leftover food or peelings, and packaging; (2) bulky items (household appliances, furniture, bedding, etc.); (3) so-called hazardous waste (batteries, paints, solvents, pesticides, medicines, etc.). we must reduce environmental pollution. bulky or dangerous waste can be very polluting. whether batteries, led lamps, refrigerators or even computer equipment, all of this equipment can release products that are harmful to the environment and toxic to humans such as acid, lithium, mercury, etc. arsenic or even greenhouse gases. this waste requires specific sorting to limit its ecological footprint. for example, for an led lamp, the glass is recycled, the mercury regenerated to be reused as such, and the metals making up its base are recycled in the metals sector.
the best ways to dispose of waste in south carolina
in south carolina, effective waste disposal methods are necessary for environmental sustainability and public health. the state's primary approach is through recycling, which involves separating materials like paper, plastic, glass, and metal for processing into new products. many municipalities in sc like charleston offer curbside recycling programs, while recycling centers and drop-off locations are available for those without access to curbside pickup.
another method is composting organic waste, including food scraps and yard trimmings. composting facilities or home composting setups can turn organic waste into nutrient-rich soil amendments, reducing the burden on landfills and promoting sustainable gardening practices. for non-recyclable and non-compostable waste however, the proper disposal of junk in landfill facilities is required. south carolina has regulations governing landfill operations to minimize environmental impacts and ensure safe waste management.
community education and outreach are one more step to encourage local sc residents and businesses to adopt more responsible waste disposal practices, including reducing waste generation, reusing materials whenever possible, and properly disposing of hazardous waste through designated collection programs. collaborative efforts between government agencies, businesses, and all residents are what we need to establish a comprehensive waste management system that will protect the environment better and support a sustainable future for south carolina.






we have 690 stories and 247 authors in this archive.



  categories fixed!

we have finally fixed the bug that has caused the sql error when trying to browse stories by category.  thanks to everyone who emailed to alert us to the problem and we apologize for the inconvience!
  
  the admins on july 24 2012 - 03:43am (0 comments)


  chapter stories now allowed!

while it has been a long standing archive policy that chapter fics are not allowed, we have now reversed that policy.  chapter stories/works in progress (wips) will now be accepted.

  
  the lfa on january 17 2012 - 04:16pm (0 comments)

news archive



new stories:

sawyers book club by eponine119 dude. can i ask you something?" sawyer raises his head, a mild frown crossing his face ...
quid pro quo by reiya inc she wondered what age she was when she stopped believing in fairy tales. ch...
give me a chance by pendora (g) charlie never really understood people's obsession with categorizing one an...
the big boys by lotlizard (pg-13) mechanism by which poker players interact with each other, and which cannot be ...
card players by avi17 (pg-13) "not penny's boat." those words should have meant something to him. but all games...
alive by avi17 (pg-13) drunk people say and do very interesting things... [desmondcharlie]...
drowning by stolen_kisses87 (r) it's the broken way he whispers her name that keeps her coming back to him ...
the past by loekie (g) a little poem about sawyer contemplating... well.. the past......
caught in a net by artura nemesis (nc-17) jack and sawyer go out into the woods to search for clues the others may ha...
paradise lost from the garden of eden by rednymph234 (r) henry isn't the way he used to be....no warmth lingers in his eyes anymore....
you can't con a con by selah (pg-13) elle becomes part of the group. she deals with her demons with sawyer's hel...



  this site archives all types of fanfiction that may not be suitable or tasteful for all ages or audiences. all people, places and things lost are copyright jj abrams, damon lindelof, carlton cuse and the abc network. we make absolutely no ownership of claim. this is a non-profit web site operating under fair use law to the best of our knowledge; no copyright infringement is intended.  contact the site admins with any questions. 
  



