       home - welcome to canine heart health! since 2002, our canine heart health program has been assisting dog owners. 




    
  
                 free shipping on us orders over $99       my wishlist(0)   questions? 1-866-610-6004                                          
























           0               canine heart health     your happiness, our guarantee             


























          

shop

instructions

diet

reviews
      0                       your happiness, our guarantee                       

shop

instructions

diet

reviews
   questions? call us toll free   1-866-610-6004                                 free shipping on orders over $99*            0          your cart                        we are a small company and produce our formulae in small batches. if stock is running low, you'll see a backorder option. we always have stock reserved for existing customer       item(s) qty price    no items in your cart          subtotal $0.00                    checkout                  5 essential steps, which are often overlooked, to begin immediately with your veterinarian for supporting your dog's kidney health.also, a must-ask checklist of questions you need to know and ask your vet.         name   this field is required.          email   this field is required.         subscribe now        sorry, please correct the following errors:     bullet 1bullet 2bullet 3       thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.                    popular languages in india                    other languages                                the original natural heart health program for dogs     supporting your dog’s heart health naturally, since 2002!          



















   choose your package                the original natural heart health program for dogs    supporting your dog’s heart health naturally, since 2002!    






























     choose your package                     real people, real dogs, real results                        
      







  bella   we spent hours researching different supplements…finding amanda’s programcannot put into words how grateful we are! thank you so much amanda for helping us through this process and creating this amazing program!!we would definitely recommend giving this program a try!!god bless!-bella’s familymichaela kishlinelake stevens, wabella’s veterinarian: dr. lisa krauter   read more...           







  cody my 10-year old pomeranian   i stumbled upon five leaf’s canine heart health website. i truly believe that god led me to your site.i knew that we had to try the program.i changed his diet to a completely raw food diet.the products arrived lightning fast and we started them right away.since then, i tell everyone i know about the program.debrahouston, tx   read more...           







  ​our sweet peanut dana, a 5 year old white boxer   i was soooooo fortunate to find this website!!! i ordered everything for her and followed the cooked diet that was suggested asap.i cannot thank five leaf enough!!! i called them several times with questions and they were so kind and patient. if i can say one thing to anybody reading this it would be just follow the program!!they have covered all the bases. just do exactly what they say about products… and i'm pretty sure you will be able to tell a great story someday also!!dawnbrighton, miveterinarian's name: veterinary cardiology consultants   read more...           







  lebowski (siberian husky)  8 years old.   we started him on a full canine heart and alternated the liver and kidney cleanses.that was 2 years ago. he still runs through the yard at full speed and loves following us all over the yard.i am thoroughly impressed with this product and recommend it to anyone i can. thank you,stephanie fenwickslaughter. laveterinarian's name: dr strickland   read more...           







  our 14-year-old poodle, bella   we are so grateful to have discovered five leaf pet botanicals’ products! we use the canine heart health package.thank you, five leafbrenda nardoniarcadia, cabella's veterinarian: dawn e. byrnes, dvm   read more...           







  bernina   i have had my cavalier king charles on your supplements for a year and a half.i am so happy and pleased that i found your website. keep up the good work. sandra kruegercolorado springs, coveterinarian's name: dr. tiffany diab   read more...           







  prince   myself and the doctor are immensely pleased.i cannot even begin to express how thankful and thrilled i am to be a part of the five leaf program!i cannot thank amanda enough!sincerely,ann-marie christopher,pittsburgh, paveterinarian's name: dr. eva sikorska   read more...           







  kachoo   a good friend, who is also a pediatric neurologist suggested 5 leaf heart tonic.this along with his home made raw diet and other supplements have worked wonders.thank you for helping usmolly fogal,arlington, txkachoo’s veterinarian: dr. jan trebig   read more...           







  my  doberman, jp   i came across a doberman facebook group where flpb products were recommended. and, it felt “right.”what did we do? the entire regimen.i cannot recommend five leaf botanical products (flpb) highly enough.micheleevergreen coveterinarian's name: nancy bureau   read more...           







  mimi   i want to thank this amazing company for the excellent products you have, it was the greatest thing i have ever had.i did research and came across 5 leaf botanicals i'm so glad i did with prayers  and this wonderful product, i thank god above.i will always cherish this company and definitely recommend this to anyone who has a furbaby...thank you wonderful angels for your excellent productsgod bless and may your company always continue to bless others thank you judy gonzalezwhite lake, ny   read more...                       you have no idea what your dog's body is capable of until you flood it with powerful nutrition from home-prepared meals, superfoods and herbs providing easy-to-assimilate nutrients!          


























   jp actual customer        why canine heart health?     natural program of herbal formulae and targeted holistic methods, meticulously crafted for your dog's heart health.enjoy personalized, family-like support through unlimited phone and email assistance, accompanied by a detailed program guide. we're a small team that values building strong relationships with you and your pet. benefit from the most comprehensive natural heart health program for dogs available, designed to significantly boost your pet's well-being.over 10,000 packages sold. we have many loyal customers because they are so happy with the canine heart health program. gain the confidence of knowing that numerous veterinarians choose to utilize our program.your dog's safety is our number one priority, our herb-based program has been successfully administered to thousands of dogs since its introduction in 2002.risk-free with our 60-day, no-questions-asked money-back guarantee. if you don't see the benefits for your dog - which is our primary aim - you can effortlessly return the program.know that you're partnering with a company whose primary goal has never been profit, but rather the well-being and health of pets like yours.            6 steps to health    
here you will learn how to nurture your dog’s heart health through nature’s wisdom. you will discover some of nature’s most potent heart-supporting herbs and holistic practices that can help maintain your dog’s heart health. every step is essential, one not more important than another.
         


























    pure drinking water    clean drinking water, filtered by a carbon filter, reverse osmosis, or distillation. it reduces the burden on your pet’s system and aids in removing impurities.        


























    whole fresh food    fresh, home prepared meals made from whole foods. avoiding all processed foods. support your dog's heart health with pure nutrition.        


























    herbal    specific herbs to support normal healthy heart function.          


























    superfoods    natural sources of vitamins, minerals, and other essential nutrients support the body’s health and overall wellness.        


























    hydrotherapy    this therapy utilizes alternating hot and cold water to promote circulation, blood flow, and nutrient delivery to the targeted area.        


























    exercise    exercise, which strengthens muscles, stimulates organ function, and generates beneficial hormones within the body.           
since 2002, our canine heart health nutritional program has been assisting dog owners. our program uses holistic methods and herbal formulations inspired by the works of dr richard schulze and dr john christopher, both known for their holistic approach toward wellness. these methods have been adapted by our founder and herbalist for canine use, aiming for a safe and effective wellness program.
every step of the program is essential. daily, your dog may benefit from meals prepared from fresh whole foods, filtered drinking water, natural supplements and holistic support, including hydrotherapy. the goal is to build a strong foundation for your dog's health. similar to building a house, you want to be sure to start with a strong foundation as this will help the house to stand strong for many years.
this program was carefully curated by our herbalist and founder over 22 years ago and she continues to closely monitor and fine-tune it to ensure the best overall support for your beloved pets.
                


























   get started now       with your order, you will receive a copy of our canine heart health program handbook, which includes essential information on:
• detailed program instructions
• daily schedule samples
• dosage chart
• diet and exercise
           featured products     canine heart health program packages    
depending on the weight of your dog the package may last anywhere between 1 to 4 months.
choose the appropriate package based on your dog’s weight.
please keep in mind these packages are starter packages. they include enough of each of our formulae to last for at least the first 30 days on the program, longer for dogs weighing less. for example a 10 pound dog would have a 2+ month supply with our 20 pound package where a 30 pound dog would have almost a 1 & 1/2 months supply with the 40 pound package.
please note our dog greens and carnitine + taurine come in one size which is a one month supply for a 40 pound dog.
we also offer packages that include kidney and liver tonics. we highly recommend you choose one of these packages to start off with. cleansing the elimination organs at the outset will offer the greatest support for the whole body.
individual formulae are available for reorders on our shop page.
always remember to work closely with your veterinarian to monitor your dog’s overall health.
            
























   heart health package one - for dogs up to 20 pounds/9 kilograms.   1 x canine heart formula1 x hawthorne1 x dog greens1 x carnitine + taurine1 x canine heart health handbook   $145.00 $130.50     add to cart          
























   heart health package one + kidney & liver   1 x canine heart formula1 x hawthorne tincture1 x dog greens1 x carnitine + taurine1 x rena-cleanse + immuno-aid1 x hepara-cleanse + blood cleansing formula1 x canine heart health handbook   $259.00     add to cart          please visit the instructions page on this site for administration information.we are available for support or questions on our toll-free line from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. est monday through friday or by email 24 hours a day.   see all packages                 
























      heart packages      please choose a package based on the weight of your dog:    learn more...   $145.00 $130.50   buy now               
























      heart packages + kidney and liver      please choose a package based on the weight of your dog:    learn more...   $259.00   buy now               
























      canine heart tonic - 2 oz bottle is a month's supply for a 20 lb/9 kg dog.     2 oz bottle is a month’s supply for a 20 lb/9 kg dog.   learn more...   $28.95   buy now               
























      hawthorne tincture - 2 oz bottle.      a month's supply for a 20 lb/9 kg dog.


hawthorne has been used by great herbalists for thousands of years. our hawthorne tincture is made from wild harvested hawthorne berry, leaf and flower.    learn more...   $23.95   buy now               
























      carnitine + taurine package      carnitine + taurine 120 gm + 60 gm.a month's supply for a 40 lb/18 kg dog.    learn more...   $59.99   buy now               
























      dandelion - 1 oz     natural diuretic.   learn more...   $19.95   buy now               
























      dog greens 12 oz      organic and wild harvested plant-based essential vitamin and mineral blend. providing antioxidants and immune support. 


a one month's supply for a 40 pound (18 kg) dog.    learn more...   $34.95   buy now               
























      hepara + blood cleanse package      hepara-cleanse 2 oz & blood cleansing tonic 1 ozliver cleansing tinctures. contains enough formulae to cleanse an 80 pound dog for 1 week.    learn more...   $57.90   buy now               
























      immuno-aid single 1 oz     new stronger formula   learn more...   $28.95   buy now               
























      pet protect - 2 oz bottle      helps support and maintain healthy kidney, liver, heart, and brain function.


all ingredients are either organic or wild-harvested.    learn more...   $24.95   buy now               
























      rena-cleanse + immuno package      rena-cleanse 2 oz + immuno-aid 1 ozkidney cleansing tinctures. contains enough formulae to cleanse an 80 pound dog for 1 week.    learn more...   $57.90   buy now                       meet our founder          























       hi and welcome to five leaf pet botanicals. my name is amanda banting, i am a herbalist and the founder of five leaf pet botanicals.we have been helping dogs live happier, healthier, longer lives for over 22 years. i started helping others by encouraging them to adopt a natural lifestyle for their pets after my dog tom’s health took a serious turn back in 2002 and i was able to turn him around with natural support.five leaf pet botanicals was not started as a business venture, it was started out of necessity for my dog and then yours. since 2002 i have personally spoken with over 20,000 pet owners who have given me feedback and new ideas. this is a large part of why our herbal formulae and programs are so effective. we don’t just assume a certain herb works because we read it somewhere. i’m proud to say that five leaf pet botanicals knows what works because we use herbs and nutrition and see the results first hand. using the highest quality organic and wild harvested herbs enables us to offer what we think is the best natural support available to obtain optimum health in your dog.   learn more about our company               we are here to help     1-866-610-6004    contact us        60-day money-back guarantee    at caninehearthealth.com, we're so confident in the effectiveness of our heart health program that we offer a hassle-free, 60-day money-back guarantee. your dog's health and well-being are as important to us as they are to you. that's why we're giving you 60 days to test our program without any risk.             sign up today:    
free newsletter that includes tips and tricks that you can get started with today to help support your dog's heart health!we never sell, trade, rent, or reveal your personal information to others.
          full name   this field is required.          email   this field is required.         subscribe now        sorry, please correct the following errors:     bullet 1bullet 2bullet 3       thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.                    




      


























    


























    


























    


























                  
























         help    

about us

faqs

policies

contact us
          my account    

account login

my orders
         contact us      3601 hwy 7 e, suite 1005   markham ,    on      l3r 0m3     ph. 1-866-610-6004                   disclaimer: our vision is to provide alternative options to attain optimal health. please, note this site is intended to promote awareness and empower our patrons to make wise choices about their pets' health and does not suggest diagnosis or treatment. this information is no substitute for individual medical attention.         copyright ©   2017-2025  - five leaf pet botanicals                              


    











 you must be logged in to access the wishlist feature. login or register ×   wishlist updated  has been added successfully to your wishlist. ×  










































 