



school of pharmacy - virginia commonwealth university





     










            skip to header
        
            skip to main navigation
        
            skip to main content
        
            skip to footer
        




school of pharmacy



links


search



                close
            

newseventsapply nowmake a gift







search






            menu
        





            programs
        






            pharmaceutical sciences
        






            b.s.
        


            m.s.
        


            ph.d.
        




            pharm.d.
        






            program overview
        


            application process
        


            dual degrees
        


            experiential education
        


            request information
        




            pharmaceutical engineering
        


            training programs
        






            pharmacy technician
        


            residencies and fellowships
        




            continuing education
        


            faq
        




            departments
        






            medicinal chemistry
        






            graduate degree offerings
        


            faculty and staff
        


            research
        


            graduate students
        


            alumni
        




            pharmaceutics
        






            graduate degree offerings
        


            faculty and staff
        


            research
        


            graduate students
        


            alumni
        




            pharmacotherapy and outcomes science
        






            graduate degree offerings
        


            faculty and staff
        


            research
        


            graduate students
        


            alumni
        






            research
        






            centers, labs and initiatives
        


            student research opportunities
        




            directory
        


            about
        






            our school
        






            administration
        


            offices
        


            history
        


            advisory boards
        


            constitution and bylaws
        


            inova campus
        




            engagement and excellence
        






            community engagement
        


            inclusive excellence
        


            strategic plan in action
        




            resources and opportunities
        






            employment
        


            facilities
        




            reports and facts
        






            annual report
        


            facts
        




            contact us
        




            information for
        






            prospective students
        


            current students
        






            undergraduate
        


            graduate
        


            pharm.d.
        




            alumni and donors
        


            faculty and staff
        


            preceptors
        











your future starts here.
with programs leading to roles in patient care, research, digital health, industry, leadership and more, your career opportunities are unlimited.
explore career paths







find your program.






pharmaceutical sciences

b.s., m.s., ph.d.






pharm.d.

professional






pharmaceutical engineering

ph.d.






training programs
pharmacy tech, residencies, fellowships






continuing education

ce






request info
visit vcu
apply now






why vcu?



            student success
        
            research excellence
        
            culture and community
        





we are focused on your success
we are known for our academic excellence. we also know that excellence is not possible without a dedicated culture of care. we are committed to helping our students achieve their goals. as a top 20 pharmacy school in the nation, our cutting-edge curriculum, research and experiential opportunities are leading the way in pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences education. pair this with our uncommon level of student support, and you gain an education that puts you on the path to success.






we are innovating to improve health for all
innovation drives us. we know our impact on people's health goes further when we can apply our findings on a national and international level. our research enterprise is at the forefront of drug discovery and development. our faculty and research scientists, who have made a name for themselves in their fields, are consistently challenging the status quo to move their fields forward, all while training the next generation of scientists and providers. with the progress we achieve, we are one step closer to better health for all.






we will help you achieve your vision
our greatest strength is our community. we focus on how to best support and serve our students, trainees, faculty and staff, and community to create a positive impact. our students, faculty and staff learn from one another and seek out interprofessional collaboration. here, students and faculty members are encouraged to discover and pursue their passion while we provide the tools to set them up for success.








#19 pharmacy school in the country
#16 in research funding from nih
95% on-time graduation rate

more stats



news
feb. 14, 2025unbreakable bonds: the philanthropic spirit helped bring lesley and andrew maggard togetherfeb. 10, 2025researchers identified 44 locations in virginia where adding pharmacy services could benefit more than 10,000 residentsjan. 24, 2025pharmacy on a global scale: an interview with arzu moosvi
more news

events



school of pharmacy spotlight









new pharmacy technician training program
learners in this part-time program can join the workforce in less than a year. after completing this program, these pharmacy technicians’ work managing medications could reduce wait times at pharmacies and hospitals.
read more









new b.s. in pharmaceutical sciences
amid the nationwide need for skilled workers, our new undergraduate students will graduate into the growing life sciences industry as early as 2028.
read more









tips on your pharmacy journey
explore articles on how to become a pharmacist, how to make your pharmacy school application stand out, what to expect in pharmacy school and more.
read more







  pause



previous
next 













take the first step.

request info
visit vcu
apply now












virginia commonwealth university

school of pharmacy


            410 n. 12th st.box 980581richmond, virginia 23298
        

 (804) 828-3000

 pharmacy@vcu.edu




vcu school of pharmacy - inova campus3300 gallows rd.vcu/ecc building - first floorfalls church, virginia 22042(703) 776-7600


submit a phartech (kbox) ticket




facebook

linkedin

instagram

x

youtube




privacy

accessibility

webmaster

compass: the university web framework

updated: 01/31/2025
        







