

 





































florida probate attorneys [voted #1 2025] florida probate lawyer













statewide probate
menu 

handling uncontested estates in all of florida
contact us today! ➤ (850) 776-5834 or (850) 202-8535




home
about us
fees
attorneys ▾

meet bruce a. mcdonald
meet kathlyn m. white


practice areas ▾

probate administration
real estate and homesteads


faqs ▾

faq’s overview
finding the right florida probate attorney
general probate questions
joint accounts and probate questions
probate length and cost questions
will law questions


articles
testimonials
blog
contact




experienced & affordable
      florida probate and estate attorneys
    
proudly assisting clients throughout the state with their probate administration needs since
      1999.
    

click here free 20 minute consultation








01
probate experience matters
          
bruce a. mcdonald and katie white have over 50 years of combined experience handling probate cases in florida’s somewhat complex legal system.
          


02
expect responsive support at every step
          
we guide you through each step of the probate procedure.
            we always do our best to return calls & emails right away.
          


03
free 20 minute phone consultations
because florida probate law can get confusing, we offer a free consultation to help determine if our services can save you money.
          


04
we keep your probate costs down.
we don't take 3% like many firms, our lawyers charge hourly rates or flat fees for
            their services. learn more.








florida
            probate attorneys

under florida probate law, most executors of estates with property in the state are required to hire a probate attorney.
statewide probate, offered by pensacola law firms mcdonald fleming and coastal probate trust & elder law, provides global legal services to executors of estates with property in florida.

click here read more






this short video could save you
            thousands in legal fees
          


probate lawyers serving all counties in florida
since 1999, our team of probate lawyers and paralegals has provided compassionate support to thousands of clients, delivering significant savings for many estates valued over $250,000. we specialize in assisting executors with uncontested probate administration throughout florida's 67 counties. headquartered in pensacola, we manage estates across the entire state. our pricing is based on the specific work required for each case, rather than the estate’s value, recognizing the unique challenges and requirements in each county.
our florida probate attorneys provide assistance to executors, or "personal representatives," in fort lauderdale, orlando, sarasota, fort myers, west palm beach, and throughout florida. we offer clear guidance and cost-effective solutions for probate administration. thanks to florida’s laws for uncontested estates, neither the executor nor the attorney is required to appear in court physically. this allows personal representatives to reside outside of florida, and attorneys do not need to be located near the courthouse.
choose statewide probate for your florida probate needs and avoid unnecessary extra fees.
providing affordable attorney fees for florida probate cases
in florida, probate attorneys can charge fees up to 3% of the estate's value, which can lead to costs that may seem disproportionate to the work involved. for example, an executor might pay $15,000 to transfer $500,000 in assets or $30,000 to transfer $1 million in assets. at our firm, we do not charge the standard 3% fee for probate and estate services. instead, at statewide probate, our fees are based on hourly rates or flat fees, tailored to the specific needs of your estate. with the guidance of an experienced florida probate administration lawyer, we ensure the probate process is efficient, cost-effective, and transparent. 







this short video could save you
          thousands in legal fees
        



          contact our probate attorney team today if you are an executor of an estate with property in florida. call us now for a free 20-minute consultation. let us save you time and money.
        









recent questions
answers to florida probate administration length and cost questions
answers to questions about florida will law
finding the right florida probate attorney – answers you need



from the blog

think you know it all? think again!

why do we even need probate when a landowner dies?

handwritten wills – what’s the problem?



recent articles

there’s always a plan, just not always a good plan.
          everyone has an estate plan. it’s either one they did themselves, or one done for them by the state.
        

florida real property probate – law determining heirs when there is no will
          when someone dies without a will, but leaves real property in florida, florida law has to determine the heirs of the estate.
        






request a free consultation
*all fields required
*consultations limited to nominated personal representatives or family chosen to open probate. we cannot assist heirs with respect to estates already open with the court.
        

phone
(850) 202-8535
(850) 266-5917


our office
905 e. hatton street, suite b
            pensacola, fl 32503








first name*last name*email*

phone*message*i am not a robot*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ






home
about us
faq’s
articles
blog
saving sales
helpful links
contact us
 © 2025 statewide probate all rights reserved | disclaimer
lawyer website design by: benchmark internet marketing, llc. | google
































