


canab aboriginal festival - the largest arts event


















these major partners make the festival possible:







your browser does not support iframes.















festival information
tickets
getting here
vendor info
contact us
about us
links
home
blog



















festival events

pow wow
canadian aboriginal music awards
education day
market place
fashion show
lacrosse competition
performing arts
traditional teachings
workshops
festival sponsors
music awards sponsors
media sponsors
archive
press
advertise with us
sponsorship opportunities
2011 festival posters










































event news & highlights






2011 marks the 18th anniversary of the canadian aboriginal festival. the festival offers something for everyone from shopping, food, spectacular dancing, lacrosse, contemporary music,and many other items.
the organizers of the canadian aboriginal festival would like to make it very clear that everyone is welcome, all races and creeds. by being a part of our canadian showcases for aboriginal people, you would in affect be honoring us with your presence.
click here to view the festival overview

new to site:


we are pleased to announce the 2011 canadian aboriginal music award winners! click here to view
press release: the 18th annual canadian aboriginal festival comes to better living centre, exhibition place november 17 - 20 and we'd be honoured to have you join us!
2011 canadian aboriginal music awards performance info posted!
press release: donny parenteau lead nominiee for the 2011 canadian aboriginal music awards
we are pleased to announce the 2011 canadian aboriginal music award nominees! click here to view
watch the new promo video! check out all our video on our youtube channel







some links may require adobe acrobat to view. download free of charge here. 





more reading 



3 reasons why you should consult a locksmith when installing a master key system

masterkey systems can be confusing at first, but can be particularly effective when it comes to increasing security either at home or in the office anywhere in singapore. with a master key system, one key getting lost doesn’t usually mean that the whole complex, whether residential or commercial, is compromised and prone to burglary. 
however,in most cases, they are often primarily used for convenience. when someone loses their copy of the key to open a particular door (or accidentally locks themselves out), a locksmith services in singapore need not be called to unlock door, or even unpick lock.

another key, called the “master key”, can be used in an emergency to open the door and save people a lot of time. rather than calling a locksmith orany skillful master to unlock house door in singapore, an authorized person can simply take the master key to open the locked door. however, in times of emergency or loss of master key, there are still 24 hour lock experts which can provide you immediate assistance.
what is a master key system?
a master key system is essentially a set of keys assigned to specific doors, with certain keys being able to open two or more. for multiple people interacting on a daily basis, those who are authorized to access different doors within a system to each have just one key.
a master key system, along with a lock with a high resistance class, can help secure your home with the use of fewer locks and keys. this is because most keys within a master key system are only capable of opening one door, which not only keeps it simple, but also makes it possible in an office setting to know which person is capable of accessing certain areas in the workplace.
why you should consult a locksmith
for a master key system
here are a few reasons why you should consult a locksmith services agency when it comes to installing a master key system: 
they can be quite tricky to install
or do yourself
while master key systems can save you a lot of time in terms of convenience, they can also be a little complicated to install. the door locks also need to be customized to make room for not just the master key, but also the key designated for that door lock alone. 
you might also end up having to repair lock cylinders yourself. this not only is difficult for someone without the proper training and understanding of how locks work, but can also leave a potential security flaw waiting to be discovered. 
they can be easily compromised
this increase in convenience can lead to a decrease insecurity if you’re not careful, as master key systems can often be easily picked. this security flaw could be used to unlock door cylinders and locks, and is a disaster waiting to happen.  
fortunately, a reliable locksmith service in singapore can help you get around this problem with their lock installation services, ranging from repair lock to unpick lock cylinders that may have jammed when picked.  

master key systems have their
limits
there are also places where master key systems can’t be installed. for instance, you will have to stick with just one key (or a working keyless central locking system) for your vehicle to unlock car door, and you will still have to hire a car locksmith to lock or unlock car door if the cylinder jams or if the lock no longer works properly. these singapore auto locksmith professionals can also help you in case you need help to replicate vehicle key.
the safest way to implement a master key system either at home or in the office is by hiring a locksmith agency in order to do the lock installation. this way, not only will your master key system be safe, but you can also be assured of its effectiveness and quality. 
locksmith services can also offer additional lock installation to complement the existing master key system with locks that are of a higher resistance class, as well as a working security system. when together, all three can make your home or office highly secure.
 

what are resistance classes?
resistance classes are used to classify the capacity of a lock or security system to resist attempts by burglars to tamper, manipulate, or even destroy. this is also known as a “tamper proof” lock, and may have different equivalents all over the world, especially in singapore. 
these resistance classes are categorized on levels 1 to 6, depending on the effort needed to manipulate or destroy a lock. for instance, a level one (or grade 1,in some categorization levels) might be the standard cheap lock you can easily buy, while a level 4 or higher could be more tamper-proof, and would thus be more expensive and difficult to install. 
providing protection against
burglars
your security at home or office doesn’t just end with the doors. for instance,windows and skylights can also be a potential security breach just waiting to happen, and taking precautions to close them are necessary to keep your property secure. 
it’s for this reason that simple precautions, such as locking doors and windows, or even asking your neighbors to keep an eye on your home when you’re away, can be considered quite effective.
hiringa 24 hour locksmith service is another way to keep your locks updated and secure. in many instances where you have to replace a lock for any reason, a 24 hour locksmith service will be your best (and sometimes only) bet because of their convenience. 
locksmith services in singapore are more than willing to add locks that have higher resistance classes. if needed, these 24 hour locksmith services are readily available at any time of day.
                                     
                                

the property sale scene in vietnam and things you need to know

vietnam has slowly been recognized as a hotspot for property sale and investment. the country’s economy has been booming in the past few years, both as a result and because of, property sale. and even though the property business in the country is not considered as transparent as in other, more developed countries, it is evident that there is still a significant development. ho chi minh city, for example, being the biggest city in the country, has seen fast economic growth due to major infrastructures and developers extending their services to cater foreign investors who are looking to buy property in saigon. 
consequently, finding an apartment for sale at hcmc in vietnam involves making all the right decisions. whether you want to buy, lease, or sell a condominium, it is important to have even just a bit of basic knowledge on how things are being run in the market. whether you’re a businessman from hong kong or singapore seeking to expand your business or just looking to acquire more properties, it is crucial to understand different conditions and factors that contributes to saigon property prices before engaging in new project launches and buying a realty. after all, property investment policies have been made understandable and more attractive to foreign investors for the purpose of prospering the economic status of the country.
what are realties?
realty or real estate is a property of land including all buildings currently built on it. it also includes all the natural resources within its perimeter. it is a part of the broader term, real property which includes rights and ownership of that land even if it is undeveloped. it can be classified in three categories:
•	residential- houses, condominiums, apartments, undeveloped land, and etc.
•	commercial- office buildings, retail store buildings, and etc.
•	industrial- factories, farms, and etc.
selling, buying, or renting real property in saigon will be very different between each of these categories. buying apartments will be very different from investing in commercial buildings, for example. the real estate market is mainly dependent on factors like property tax, employment rate, crime rate, and economy. commercial realties, as the name suggests, caters to commerce. it can base profitability from restaurant buildings, office buildings, and/or malls standing on the property. 

checking a property for sale and how investors perceive property value
when looking into real estate, it is always important to take many factors into consideration. as mentioned earlier, the conditions affecting residential, commercial, and industrial realties are all different. so, even if you are eyeing a ho chi minh city property at lancaster lincoln condominium launch in district 4, taking these factors into account will help weigh the pros and cons of your property investment. more than that, the value of a property should also be discerned upon. 
value of a certain property will be different in the perspective of a local vietnamese businessman to that of a foreign investor. a local may acquire land through heritage, or through different relationships, or years of pain to earn money to buy the land. most of the time, this will have no value to the foreigner.  so, sometimes they will not understand why “the price is too high”, because to him/her, it may be that the price is the one that determines the workability of the project and not the history of the land.
having a common understanding of property value will be hard to come by, especially in the case of a local-foreign deal. 
ho chi minh city: a wonderland for property sale?
different condominium prices around central ho chi minh city are also slowly attracting more and more people. because of the growing population in the different districts, more investors are also beginning to buy real property or engage in property sale within the area. furthermore, these districts have become a hotspot for foreigners for finding good apartments to invest on due to its strategic location. here are some of the districts that have been presenting more and more opportunities for real estate.
district 1 (d1) is the central financial and business district in saigon. it is said that during the colonial period, french architects designed the area, which explains the parks and the tree-lined streets. with major sights like the independence palace and the notre dame cathedral, and an increasing number of hotels and stand-alone restaurants, the area would surely be an attractive place for a foreign investor and/or commercial realty buyers.
district 2 (d2) is also more known as the ‘expat area’ of the city. wealthy vietnamese have created villas that provide for the tastes of foreigners, mostly americans, british, and europeans. in addition to the high-end apartment for sale, district 2 also hosts the upcoming gem riverside project here in hcmc. this might be because of the natural environment as it is a district that is already beside a river, that makes it a relaxing place to be in. even then, it is still less crowded compared to d1. 

district 4 (d4), even though it is the smallest district in saigon, has developed to have great upside value. over the past years new project launches have presented big realty opportunities, which then promoted the district’s progress. while most properties are residential, some commercial projects are beginning to emerge and more and more investors are looking to commit to buying properties for other business endeavors. 
take note though that in some districts, like d2 and d4, there are persisting problems like flooding. but those should not necessarily be problems if you play it smart (i.e. choosing the best location, or timing it right). 
finding a property for sale in vietnam can spell a lot of advantages for an owner or investor, both local and foreign. although gaining positive gains will not always be the case, if you consider all the factors right, you may get a lot of benefits.  understanding foreign property ownership, the value that comes with a certain property, and picking the right location all contribute to, not just the property market, but the economy as a whole. 
                                     
                                

4 steps on how to choose the best cctv camera for you
whether you’re a shop owner, a homeowner, or someone who just wants added protection in a space, you may be on the lookout for a cctv system available here in singapore. due to all the advances in cctv technology, there are so many systems that you can choose from that there’s bound to be one that is perfect for you. the very act of choosing, however, can be a daunting task. there are so many things that you will need to consider, from the type of connections to the kind of place that you need to monitor. while learning about the right cctv camera and system can be confusing and mind-boggling, it doesn’t have to be impossible. here are a few factors to consider when choosing a security camera and cctv system.

1.	price and quality
a cctv system can be expensive. as someone who is looking for a cctv system, this can be something that you already know. but with most pieces of technology, going cheap isn’t always the best way forward. while it’s not always the case, price does often mean quality when it comes to cctv systems. and considering the fact that this is a system responsible for your safety and security, you’ll want to make sure that your gate security system is reliable and resilient. the same goes for other biometric technology installed in your singapore office, such as thumbprint authentication and card access to control door lock
when considering the price and quality of the system, you will also have to think about the longevity of your system. if you don’t already have a system in place, you may be better off than those who do. because of the advances in cctv technology, getting into the cctv game has never been cheaper. for those who don’t have a system already, it is much cheaper to invest in ip cctv. to be even more efficient with costs, it is a good idea to invest in a small system that will allow you to eventually add more cameras to your network.
make sure to avoid buying a cheap, unbranded camera. more often than not, those purchases end with a trip to a more reputable manufacturer. thankfully, there are many reliable and reputable manufacturers in singapore that you can do business with so that you don’t have to resort to buying inferior brands. 

2.	what you need
there are many different systems with many different features. to make sure that you’re spending efficiently, it’s important to make sure that all the features of your system are necessary and well-understood. of course, the more features your system has, the more expensive it is. while more features mean more chances of keeping your house, office or shop safe, it’s much better to do without it if it’s not necessary.
no matter what you need, there are many different types of cameras that you can choose from. for example, there are cameras that are designed to function in environments where they are susceptible to damage, like heavy rains and condensation. there also pan-tilt-zoom cameras (also called ptz cameras), which are great for wide expansive areas. you may also stick to simpler features for an office camera, for example. but with all the manufacturers that you can choose from in singapore, chances are there is the perfect model for your needs.
3.	consider lighting conditions
one of the things that people fail to consider is the lighting conditions that their cameras will have to be subject to. it’s always a good idea to test the different models that you’re considering to make sure that it interacts well with your environment. placing a camera indoors or outdoors affect the lighting that a camera will be subject to; outdoor cameras will, of course, have a higher chance of being exposed to too much light, the amounts of which changes throughout the seasons.
as for indoor cameras, you will also need to consider the types of materials that are inside the house. there will be materials, like floor tiles and varnished banisters, that can reflect light straight into a cctv camera, rendering the footage useless. there can also be instances of a backlight which can cause a glare in the camera or even special effects lighting like stage lights and strobe lights.
to mitigate this problem, check to see if your camera models have features that address this problem. some models are fitted with technology that can capture footage in different lighting conditions, such as infrared cut-off filters or artificial illuminators.

4.	wired or wireless
cctv systems collect your footage in one of two ways: through a wired network (using an analog camera), or a wireless network. while both of them have their own merits, going wireless (using an ip camera) can be more efficient in the long run. this is because an ip camera requires fewer lines for more features and can deliver higher-quality footage that can be remotely accessed and stored, which removes the possibility of someone breaking into your home and destroying past footage.
but an ip cctv also has its own weaknesses. for one thing, there are higher chances of a wireless feed to be blocked by walls, metals, and other sources of interference like radios, phones, and internet routers. there is also the possibility of hackers who can remotely cut off your feed, or worse, view you through your own security camera. 
however, these fears can be unfounded. instances of an ip camera being hacked is extremely rare. you can also take steps to keep your data secure, such as hiring a third-party firm to make sure that your cctv feed is secured in a safe method and location. going wireless and choosing an ip camera, therefore, is a much better decision than using an analog camera, as it lets you avoid having bulky wires that remove the possibility of future scaling.
                                     
                                

8 ways you’re damaging your clothes during laundry

your everyday washing method may be keeping your clothes clean and disinfected at all times, but are you sure it is the appropriate way to clean them without causing damage to the fabric? if you’re not sure, you may want to take a look at some of the most common laundering mistakes that most of us are guilty of doing.
1.	incorrect use of the machines
if you choose to go to a self-service 24 hour laundry in singapore, make sure you read the instructions on how to use the machines properly. commercial washing machines in laundry service shops are bigger and more sophisticated than the washers used at home, but they also come with a lot of problems.
you need to know how much water is needed and which type of detergent should be used. using the dryer is also different from using the washer, as well as knowing how to set the right temperature when ironing or pressing clothes. as for steam-cleaning, remember the recommended temperatures for specific materials to avoid burning the items.
2.	no stain treatment
most commercial laundry services in singapore provide express wash and dry cleaner for clothes and will pre-treat stains before washing them to make the cleaning process easier. if your clothes have stains in it, be sure to let your laundry service know and have it washed right away. avoid the stain from drying into the garment as it will set permanently onto the fabric. your commercial laundry services should be able to remove any stain by doing a pre-treatment procedure.
3.	wrong drying method
one technique of drying your clothes fast in the dryer if you’re in a 24 hour laundry self-service shop is to run back-to-back dryer loads. this will allow you to take advantage of the heat that has been maintained for several loads. make sure to follow instructions when drying clothes because you cannot load the same number of items in the dryer as in the washer.

4.	using too much bleach
although there are colorsafe bleaches available for colored or dyed clothes, you should avoid using bleach as much as possible. commercial laundry services will also advise you that bleaching can only be done if the stain is too difficult to remove using detergent alone. even stains made from protein such as blood and sweat will not need bleaching in most cases, unless the stain has been dried for several days. laundry pick up services will not bleach your items unless you specifically instruct them to, because it can deteriorate the fabric when done too often.
5.	wrong ironing method
heat will cause some fabrics to shrink or stretch, that is why you should use only the recommended ironing settings for specific fabrics, especially with uniform laundry that are prone to wear and tear.
6.	washing dry-clean clothes
clothes that are labeled dry-clean only should never be soaked in water or cleaned with water-based detergent, but some labels can be misleading. for example, if the label says dry clean, it means that the clothing can still be hand-washed and air-dried, although www.laundryfirst.sg in singapore will always opt for the dry cleaning method if you ask them. it also helps if you know the laundry process of your laundromat to ensure that your clothes are always washed with care.
7.	washing spot-clean fabrics
spot-clean fabrics are common in some linen and upholstery, because they cannot be cleaned using both water-based detergent and dry cleaning solvent. the best cleaning method is to use an upholstery cleaner or the foam of a mild detergent on a stubborn stain.

8.	washing in hot water
use hot water only if you need to sanitize clothing, because even laundry for spa and towel washing should not be done frequently using hot water. most fabrics will eventually deteriorate when exposed to high temperatures.
the best tip we can probably share is to read your clothing’s care label. the care label states all the cleaning methods you can use on your clothing without damaging the quality of the piece. 
                                     
                                

15 ways to keep your office pest-free

keeping your office in singapore clean and pest-free can be difficult because of the number of entry points for pests and the volume of people coming and going from the area. that is why even if the office looks clean, it does not necessarily mean that it is also pest-free.
here are fifteen ways that you can keep your office free from rodents, cockroaches, termites, flies, and other pests.
1.	keep workspaces clean. proper pest control management begins with keeping the office area clean at all time. your office can achieve this by imposing rules on proper waste management, food handling, and regular cleaning by employees or hired professional cleaners. besides daily maintenance, there should also be scheduled general cleaning one or twice annually to terminate pest.
2.	keep office exterior clean. don’t forget to include the building exterior when during facility maintenance, especially if you have a large outdoor space for gardens, parking spaces, and other facilities. these areas can be home to various pests if not properly maintained. you can hire professional cleaners annually if the area has not been inspected for a while.
3.	check the indoor plants. if your office in singapore has indoor plants, make sure that these are taken of daily or weekly. plants should be aired, trimmed, and treated occasionally to keep them free from diseases and pests. these can become home to insects if not properly maintained.
4.	find sources of water. pest control management often includes finding possible sources of food and habitation of the pests. most of these pests such as rodents and cockroaches thrive in warm, moist, and dark areas of the office that often don’t get noticed such as plumbing areas, fountains or ponds, bathrooms, kitchens, and others. pest control services might recommend regular cleaning of the area and scheduled plumbing maintenance if there is a pest infestation in the office.
5.	inspect food or eating areas. if you don’t have areas in your office designated as areas for snacks and meals, then you should consider one. this will discourage employees from bringing food to their desks and leaving food crumbs that can be sources of food for the pests. having a pantry area is one of the ways to handle removal of household insects in singapore and exterminate rodents that could just be waiting for leftover food.

6.	reduce clutter in storage. a lot of offices have warehouses, stockrooms, and storage areas for miscellaneous items that are not used on a regular basis. these rooms can be home to a variety of pests such as rodents, cockroaches, mites, bugs, and many more. to get rid of cockroaches, the pest control management team will need to inspect such rarely-used areas in the office to determine if there are hiding places or breeding grounds you have not yet seen. schedule monthly cleaning of these areas if you want to get rid of cockroaches or other insects for example.
7.	regular plumbing maintenance. one way to get rid of cockroaches in the office is to find areas where they are most likely to hide or breed. these include the plumbing hidden in walls and ceilings because people cannot easily access them. pest control services in singapore will include inspection of the plumbing to make sure that the number of cockroaches and rodents are permanently reduced. they could also recommend plumbing repair and structure renovation if the inspection found problems that could be contributing to pest infestation.
8.	keep the kitchen and bathrooms clean. mice and rat can fit into any opening, and cockroaches are very adaptive even if you have a system to control pests in the office. this is when you need to call professional pest control management especially if you don’t have regular plumbing maintenance. you will earn a bad reputation among clients and customers if you have dirty, pest-infested kitchens or bathrooms, so make sure to have a good pest control system in place.
9.	keep ventilation and cooling systems clean. not only is your plumbing and kitchen prone to pest infestation, but so is the complex ventilation systems. you can eliminate the need for pest control management if you follow the scheduled air conditioning and ventilation maintenance. hidden leaks, clogs, and debris buildup can be attractive to insects and rodents.
10.	assign areas for eating. you should have a kitchen and dining area in the office even if most of your employees go out to eat. it will be easier to clean food leftover if you can focus on one area and this will also impose discipline on employees to discourage them from having meals on their individual work areas.

11.	create proper waste management. besides regular cleaning and maintenance, you should have a proper waste management in place. this will encourage your employees to practice proper hygiene and sanitation and will also make pest control management easier because you are eliminating possible feeding and breeding grounds of common pests.
12.	practice proper hygiene and sanitation. if you want to exterminate rodents, you should keep work spaces clean and free from possible food sources. encourage employees to clean up after themselves, declutter their desks and storage areas, and to schedule a regular cleaning occasionally. 
13.	regular facility maintenance. some pest infestation is not as obvious as termite or rodent infestation because there are a lot of places in a commercial or industrial building where they can thrive. this includes area behind walls, ceilings and even inside machines and furniture. regular facility and equipment maintenance, however, will terminate pest. for example, schedule an annual inspection of the building as a first step to remove termites, because some pests can be difficult to remove if the infestation is significant.
14.	look for pest infestation. the best way to control pests is to look for signs of infestation, such as droppings, urine, damaged furniture or machines, and damage in the walls or ceilings. if you see signs, you should contact a professional pest control management company in singapore as soon as possible.
15.	regular pest control management. even if there are no signs of pest infestation, commercial and industrial facilities will still need regular pest control services to keep the area clean and pest-free.
                                     
                                

multimodal and intermodal shipping: which one’s right for your business?

when shipping goods overseas, you may come across different types of freight forwarding methods—the multimodal and intermodal shipping. obtaining the best routing is not the same as hiring a shipping company with the cheapest rate. using a combination of different forms of carriers is oftentimes better to achieving the best shipping rate. however, keep in mind that it may require more involvement on your part as the shipper of the goods. alternatively, a single form of transportation for shipment of goods may provide better routing and will likely require lesser paper works and logistics coordination. 
when using a freight forwarder for local or international freight, understanding the difference of multimodal and intermodal shipping and communicating your requirements properly will help a lot to avoid misunderstandings and minimize problems along the way. here, let’s take a look at the differences between multimodal shipping and intermodal shipping.
multimodal shipping
multimodal shipping is defined as the transportation of cargo under a single contract, but is delivered via two or more means of transport.  however, the different forms of transport are handled by a carrier that would operate under a single contract.  the entire journey of the shipment involves only one carrier who is also often called the multimodal operator. however, this operator does not have its own means of shipping transportation. he or she is only responsible in ensuring that the shipping is successful through the different modes of transport (i.e. sea freight, air freight, local freight). 
multimodal shipping can be set up in several ways. you can go with a cargo transportation in singapore that can provide all modes of transport. another way is to hire an agent who will do all the negotiations for you, while you only have one contract to take care of. the said agent will also be the one to handle delays and coordination of loading and unloading of goods. 
this method of shipping provides a couple of benefits, with the first being less of a burden for you. if you opt for this shipping method, you have the logistics company who will handle the delays in any of the transport modes. multimodal shipping is like a one-stop service for you—everything is handled by a single operator, giving you peace of mind and ease of work since you only have one person to call to if you need updates of your shipment from any mode of transport.
other advantages of multimodal shipping:
a.	efficiency of shipment tracking to monitor status of shipped goods
b.	access to remote areas around the globe with liability of shipment with one carrier
c.	faster delivery time
d.	minimized logistics coordination and expenses

intermodal shipping
if multimodal means shipping of goods using different transport modes under one contract, intermodal is shipping of goods through different means handled by different operators, each with its own contracts.  while this method calls for more of your involvement as the shipper of the goods, it is said to provide better security since you will be hands-on during the entire journey of the shipment. 
when using this method of shipping, each carrier will be handled by a separate agent or logistics company. this means you will be working on different contracts for each carrier of your shipment. you will be the one to handle coordination of carrier delays, as one freight forwarder may not be aware of the delays that the other freight might be having.
one of the best things, however, is that you can negotiate your terms for the freight forwarding services. you are able to customize each contract to fit your needs, especially if shipping cost is a major consideration. 
other advantages of intermodal shipping:
a.	you can pick your own carriers to take advantage of lower shipping rates
b.	gain more flexibility in handling the loading and unloading of goods at the ports
c.	you have more access to equipment and have better control in selection of transport schedule

which one is best for you?
deciding whether to go for multimodal shipping or intermodal shipping greatly depends on the shipper’s requirements, such as your delivery time, the destination of the goods and the shipping costs. when it comes to the logistics of a shipment, multimodal freight forwarding is better in terms of convenience as you do not have to contact every single carrier to monitor the status of your shipment. however, the ease of work would mean that you might have to pay more on the logistics company. 
alternatively, if the shipping’s overall cost is one of your major priority, you are likely able to negotiate prices for the logistics services of intermodal shipping. you can score cheaper rates, but be prepared to allocate more time and effort to personally handle the air freight and sea freight of your goods to ensure they will reach the destination on time. this means you need to handle coordination with one shipping company to the other to make sure that your goods will reach its second transport on time. 
in general, these methods of transport are here to provide you with options depending on your needs. each mode of transport has its own set of advantages and disadvantages. prioritizing your shipping requirements, understanding the shipping process and comparing costs between several freight forwarding companies here in singapore are all important when deciding which logistics company to work with and choosing the right mode of transportation of your goods.
                                     
                                

how to come up with a unique brand and logo

trademark registration does a lot to protect your intellectual property from being used by competitors in singapore without your knowledge or consent. this allows you to enjoy the full benefits that come with the right to its exclusive use and ownership. 
here are a few other advantages that come with registering for a trademark: 
•	brand uniqueness (your goods and services are more distinguished);
•	right to exclusive use; and
•	certified proof of ownership.
as a starting entrepreneur, the best way to protect your brand aside from trademark registration is to make it as unique as possible. before applying to register tm for your products and services, you should first make sure that you have a brand name and logo in the first place. 
what’s in the brand?
choosing a brand name before you register at brandmark tm registry in singapore is the first step to successful marketing. the name not only serves as the extension of the brand, but also reinforces the value of the products and services that fall under this brand.
a few options that you can use for coming up with a brand name are by using the following:
•	a name describing your services
•	a name describing an image or experience of what you want your products or services to provide for your consumers
•	a word taken out of context/completely made up
•	changing a word’s spelling
•	using acronyms and numbers
what you should keep in mind when it comes to choosing a name is what you want your brand to mean and represent. for instance, a business that provides names for companies would have itself have a name that reflects the kind of services that it offers.

as the number of businesses competing to provide the same kinds of goods and services is steadily increasing, the brand name itself must be a walking advertisement – after all, you only have one chance to make a first impression to potential consumers.
there are also certain factors that you need to consider when choosing a brand name, such as:
•	the stakes – they can be especially high when investing capital into launching a project despite established competition. how confident are you that your newly-formed brand can compete with established names in the market?
•	confidence in your team’s creativity – does your team have the creative firepower in order to come up with a brand name you can apply a registered mark for? will you need to bring in outside help?
•	available time and energy for the project – will you have enough time or energy to devote for coming up with the brand name? 
another way to help you come up with a name for your brand is by generating a list of names that you can choose from. if you happen to be competing at a local scale, you’ll find that many of the names you thought of have already been taken.
this is true not just in the brand names applied for trademark registration in singapore, but also in the url’s that these brands also have in order to advertise the goods and services that fall within these brands. 
testing your name
now that you have a few sample names for your brand, try pronouncing each one of these names out loud. this is especially important when you or a sales representative under your employ will be saying the name of the brand or company over the phone.
is it difficult to pronounce or spell correctly? if so, you might want to change it to something simpler, as a brand name that’s confusing to both pronounce and spell can be difficult to catch on for potential consumers. a lot of company names today are actually simply acronyms of their old names in order to make it easier for their clients to remember. 
is the name memorable? while a unique name can be approved when applying to register trademark for your brand, a name that’s difficult to pronounce will also end up going over potential clients’ heads. 

the logo
the brand name and the logo are two important parts of the same coin. while the name is what both clients and consumers hear, the logo is what comes to mind when people think of the brand name.
think of the logo not just as an image, but also as the introduction to the brand’s goods and services. while there’s no one way to come up with an eye-catching logo, there are a lot of ways that your design could go wrong. to avoid them, here are a few tips that you can use to create an eye-catching logo:
•	keep it simple. a simple design is a timeless design, and one that has everything the brand is about and stands for in one look. you can achieve this by keeping your font to a minimum, by using a simple color scheme, and by employing negative space. 
a good way to know your design is good is by seeing it in grayscale. if it still functions well despite the lack of color, you know you have a good logo in your hands. 
•	think outside the box. avoid picking names that could prevent your business from moving around or adding to its product line. the name also carries out into the logo, and a name that’s difficult to move with the times will have a logo that also can’t move with the times. 
don’t copy – this will only make potential clients think that the brand is just another knock-off of a more successful one. be sure to have more than one sample, as your first idea will most likely be your most generic one.   
•	learn how to deal with public criticism. people will not always like your brand logo at first, which is important that you grow a thick skin during the initial stages of the launch. a second opinion or a test audience, though not a guarantee will give you the feedback you need, never hurts.
                                     
                                

how to pick the rental property that best suits your needs in 5 easy steps

property is one of the most important purchases you will be making in your life, and because vietnam has all kinds and types of housing structures that can be found in ideal locations throughout the city, there are so many options for you to choose from. 
but how do you know which rental property is the best one for you? the good news is that making the best choice and minimizing the risk of mistakes in your investment can be easily done – all you need to do is follow these five simple steps: 
1. find out whether you’re staying for the short-term or for the long-term.
it’s important to know in advance whether you’re staying in vietnam only for a limited amount of time or staying for quite a long time. if you’re an expat moving to the country, you can choose to invest or rent a house temporarily until you can move to a more permanent location. 
however, if you’re only there for a temporary assignment, to complete your degree, or something else that will only take a certain period of time, something more temporary than a villa rental may be more suited to your needs, like those properties at best rent in ho chi minh city located in vietnam. 
2. ask yourself on what or who you’ll be bringing with you. 
because the last thing you want to happen is to make the mistake buying into the wrong property and getting stuck with it for a long time, you want to know exactly what you will be doing and who you will be it with when you decide to rent apartment in hcmc. 
this is something that you need to keep in mind when thinking about the right space for you, whether it’s a villa, house, condominium, or apartment for rent in ho chi minh city.  
if you’re moving with your friends and/or family, you might be more interested in a villa rental or an apartment for rent in ho chi minh city that can accommodate the number of people you are travelling with. however, if you’re planning on going alone, you can easily do with a smaller apartment rather than rent a house or rent apartment in saigon that’s too big or too expensive for you to pay alone. 

3. know exactly where you will be spending your working/student life.
your work/school will play one of the biggest factors in where you will be living in, as well as access to transportation, amenities, and the type of neighborhood that you want to live in.   
for instance, when you’re looking for a condominium rental in district 1, there’s a good chance that you’re doing so because of the nightlife and the amenities, but at the cost of being quite expensive. 
finding an apartment for rent in district 2 might be a more viable option if you want to live in an area in vietnam that is less crowded and without the noise and inconvenience that traffic jams can bring. district 2 apartments are also much cheaper than apartments in district 1.  
you can rent a house in district 3 if you’re staying only for a short time, and it’s perhaps the best place to look for a saigon apartment rental contract. but with cheaper rent prices and the vibrant coffee culture, district 3 also has much smaller roads and traffic jams every day. 
4. take a walk around the neighborhood at least twice.
if you’re an expat moving to ho chi minh city, you want to make sure that you know the neighborhood you’re moving into as well as you can before you sign a deal or a contract, whether it’s masteri apartments for rent in vietnam or villa rental in saigon. 
ideally, you don’t want to simply see the place in person before deciding to rent apartment in saigon, but you also want to check out the neighborhood. 
if possible, try to befriend a local who lives nearby that you can ask questions to about the neighborhood you’re living in. be sure to walk around at least twice: once in the morning to see the people getting ready for the day, and once in the evening to know if the neighborhood is quiet enough for you to get uninterrupted sleep. 

5. make sure the property is within your budget.
whether it is a villa, a condominium, or a saigon apartment rental you are looking for, it’s especially important that you need to give yourself a reasonable expectation on what type of apartment for rent in ho chi minh city you can afford. 
aside from the environment, access to transportation and amenities, looking to rent apartment at hcmc around the budget that you can set for yourself. you can easily do this if you can manage your finances well enough and you already have set aside enough for your stay.
aside from the initial down payment for the first few months, you will also have to make sure to be able to pay the rent on time, as well as make sure that the terms of your landlord’s lease are favorable enough for you that you wouldn’t be tied down too much.
it doesn’t have to be hard to find the best piece or property for you to settle and live life the best way that you can. be sure to follow these steps and you’ll be well on your way to your first condo, apartment, or villa rental in saigon or hcmc. 
                                     
                                

why every business needs to automate their sales through crm

if you are still leaving your sales management to your salespeople’s individual notes and memories, you are missing on bigger opportunities that could generate more income for your company. when it comes to more productive operations and better sales reports, traditional calendar alerts and call scripts just won’t cut it—especially now that your competitors have incorporated today’s technology to their advantage, managing their sales from automated and data-driven marketing platforms. 
the outcome of a fully automated system is worth the effort to upgrade and adapt. everyone in your sales team is empowered to follow-up with prospects and touch base the market they know your company makes the most impact. they can effortlessly automate their schedules, so they will never miss an important call or meeting again, and work efficiently for better customer relationship management. above all, you will be able to track sales activity from a single dashboard, where you can easily make adjustments throughout the company in just a couple of clicks away.
ways crm can be used for sales pipeline automation
1.	automating lead qualification
not all prospects are created equal; many are poorly qualified, while some are hot prospects. one way to help your sales reps to separate poor quality leads from the good ones is with the use of a crm system from singapore that helps with the workflow automation to qualify prospects based on their activities and online behavior. 
with a good crm system, you can easily track leads on your website, recording which links and pages they visit. you can also track through the emails you send them, discovering what links within the email they click and check on.  
with the combination of this tracking feature and automatic lead tagging and scoring, you can almost accurately identify which leads are more interested customers and identify the appropriate products or services you can market to them.
2.	automating lead assignment
if you wish to go an extra mile with your lead qualification automation, let your cloud crm automatically assign every lead to your sales personnel. instead of having your sales team manually wade through your list of prospects, set up a system that prioritizes prospects based on lead scores and automatically assigns every lead to every staff based on the lead score and tags you have created.
for example, a lead scored higher and shows a clear indication of preference for a particular product you are offering. you can set up your customer relationship management tool to automatically email your sales expert about this product and mark that certain lead as a prospect that should be prioritized for lead nurturing. 
another example is the tagging leads. these are the prospects that show great interest in a certain product but do not seem to do any actions to purchase the product. you can set up your cloud crm to automatically assign these leads to your team’s best deal closers. 

3.	automating schedule and alerts
since prospect behavior can be traced through your crm system, your sales reps can act better on pursuing potential customers. 
by automating your notifications, you and your sales team will receive real-time updates when a certain lead is reading your marketing emails or is browsing your website. you can take advantage of these alerts by connecting directly with the potential client right at that very moment when they are viewing your products or still in the process of deciding whether to purchase or not—a great opportunity to market and gain sales. 
4.	automating lead nurturing
with sales processes becoming longer, lead nurturing becomes even more important for businesses in singapore. try combining the workflow automation of your crm software with automated email responses for more efficient and sophisticated lead nurturing marketing.
start by creating several common customer journeys and formulating emails that build on each other and support your created journey. then, have these emails automatically sent, with each email in that campaign triggered by a particular action executed by your lead, such as clicking a link in the email or opening your sales email.
5.	automating routine communications
in relation to the previous processes, automating routine communications will make the lives of your sales reps much easier. reduce the emails and follow-ups that your sales reps have to do manually, and get aggressive with automated communications by using automated messaging.
help your sales personnel respond to existing customers and prospects with pre-made email templates for handling basic sales communications, such as order acknowledgment and order scheduling.

6.	centralizing system viewing
provide your sales team the data they need through centralized and automated information consolidation like what http://www.crystaldash.com/ in singapore offers as part of its software features. your sales staff needs immediate access to data from throughout the enterprise, and they do not have the luxury of time to rummage through every system where the data might be stored in. 
one example is accessing the configure price quote software of the enterprise. your sales rep does not want to tell a prospect that they will deliver the quote within the week. they want to come up with a solution instantly, right at that moment. to handle this type of transaction, automate your enterprise’s information consolidation and have it stored in a single point, where your sales team can access when they need to. 
the ability to automate sales management, as well as sales reports, is the most powerful feature that any singapore company can possess for better sales and overall productivity. an automated system is a huge time-saver for your company, and the time and effort invested in setting up a centralized and automated sales processes is well worth the effort.
                                     
                                

importance of routine electrical maintenance
the electrical wiring of your home is largely out of sight, and this is one of the reasons why its maintenance is often set aside. over time, the wires suffer wear and tear and it impacts on the equipment and appliances that operate on the circuit. eventually, you will have to deal with electrical problems more frequently that you used to.

the best thing to do to avoid such complications is to hire a licensed electrician for regular electrical maintenance. once you find a good electrician, it will be easier to perform an annual inspection of your property’s power system.
here are some of the benefits of regular inspection to your property’s electrical works. 
1.	reduced energy cost
when appliances are working properly, they use less energy, which in turn will save you some money. outdated electrical systems and faulty appliances may have to use more power to continue working, which can drive up your electric bill. by letting an electrician perform maintenance works regularly, your electrical system and items at home are kept in their best working condition. plus, your electrician can recommend ways to further save energy with the use of today’s technological advancements.
2.	protection of appliances
whether you’re using a mini fridge or a four-door fridge at home, you’ve spent good amount of money to buy it, so of course you would want to make good use out of it. not having regular maintenance by a licensed electrician services from singapore is like waiting for an appliance to die before its lifetime. each piece of equipment you have at home comes with a manual that states their recommended maintenance works and how often it should be done. discuss this with your electrician in singapore so he can schedule his visits accordingly.
3.	fire safety
electrical incidents and wirings usually spark home fires. outdated electrical systems, wirings and fixtures are usually the root cause of these accidents. having an annual check-up of your power system will ensure that the power source, electrical lines, wirings and outlets are up to date and are functioning properly.
4.	safety of occupants
periodic inspections done by reputable electrician services companies always include inspections for possibility of electrical shocks, power overloading, outdated or faulty wiring and fire hazards. the safety of your family and anyone occupying the property is definitely at risk when you choose to skip regular maintenance of your home’s electrical works.
5.	continuous productivity
if you are looking to maintain the comfort of your home or the productivity of your business, a major electrical problem can cause a major problem. electricity runs your appliances, including the most important ones like the air conditioning system, refrigerator and your desktop computer. if the damage has worsened, it may take a few days to get the power working again. this means less productivity, especially for those working from home, and discomfort in times when you should already be relaxing after a long tiring day. 

areas checked during an inspection
any professional and licensed electrician services company in singapore can help you with annual maintenance check on your home’s electrical system. areas of your power system that usually gets included in an inspection are the following:

•	electrical outlets 
all your electrical outlets will be checked using a tester. other related areas to be included in the check-up are the plug covers, as well as water damage and discolorations around the outlet due to heat.
•	possible overloading
a good electrician will make sure that there’s no overloading in your home’s electrical installations. not only overloading may cause power outage, but can also severely damage equipment and appliances. 
•	circuit breaker and panel
sparking and loose wires are definite signs of problems when inspecting the circuit breaker of a property. scorch or burnt marks in the panel or breaker will also be examined carefully.
signs to look out for
as long as you do regular maintenance inspection, you should be able to avoid sudden electrical problems. however, if you encounter any of these signs, it’s likely because of an electrical problem. once you notice that something is not working the way it should be, do not delay calling an electrician to have your system checked. 

•	burnt smell from an outlet
•	flickering lights
•	frequent tripping of the circuit breaker
•	slight tingle when touching an appliance
•	discoloration of power outlets
•	buzzing sounds from power outlets when used
•	an appliance that is hot to the touch
•	very dim lights

so, have you performed an electrical maintenance over the recent years? if not, don’t feel bad about it. most homeowners don’t even realize that they have to do regular inspection—at least once a year—on their electrical system at home. however, keep in mind that it should be done as soon as possible. 
a licensed electrician is your best friend when it comes to maintaining and updating your electrical system. keep in mind that regular electrician services are inexpensive and quick, compared to extensive repairs caused by poorly maintained electric lines. your home is perhaps the most expensive purchase you will ever make in your life, so it only makes sense to ensure that it is always safe and protected from damage. and while electricity is invisible, it can still pose a fatal threat to your property and to the people living in it. get your system inspected now. do not put it off—especially if you haven’t had one for years. call a professional electrician today.
                                     
                                

5 essential benefits of regular aircon servicing
majority of people in singapore wait until their ac unit begins to make strange noises or encounter technical problems before they call for aircon servicing. however, even if your air conditioner seems to be on its prime condition, it is established that every unit can lose around 5% of its operational efficiency annually.
a properly working air conditioner is essential for the comfort of your loved ones, or in offices for your team members to work in a comfortable working environment. this makes it imperative to have your ac unit regularly checked for smooth functioning.
through regular aircon maintenance, you can expect that your ac system will retain up to its 95% original efficiency. worried about the service fees? the cost is actually recovered quickly on your reduced electricity bill and lesser repair costs. accordingly, having a regularly serviced air conditioning unit will do a fantastic job at dehumidifying and cooling your home.

should your unit have an annual tune up?
generally, the answer is yes. it is advised to have your ac unit checked for aircon repair and maintenance at least once a year, regardless of whether it presents urgent issues and red flags that needs to be checked on immediately.
you would want for your air conditioner to be functioning at its maximum capacity. this prevents you from suffering from an uncomfortable home setting and an unproductive work environment. you are also likely to be given a proper aircon servicing in singapore if you arrange it beforehand, avoiding tight schedules when all technicians have all hands on-deck.
there’s an exception to this, of course, if your unit begins to create strange noises or doesn’t seem to be functioning properly – have it looked at right away.
benefits of regular service
1.	recover lost efficiency 
it is inevitable for your unit to lose its efficiency over time. however, through regular aircon servicing, you can expect to recover some of its lost efficiency from the first time you brought it. air conditioners offer any room the comfort in those humid conditions, so when you observe their servicing from a reputable aircon servicing company in singapore  on a timely basis – you can expect for optimum results every time you turn the unit on.
2.	reduce the chances of a costly, major breakdown
the longer you put off aircon servicing for your unit, the more likely it is to arrive on a point of a major, costly breakdown. keep in mind that breakdowns may happen even at the most inopportune times. the likelihood of a major breakdown may just cost you a great sum from your budget, so typically, you’d want to avoid getting in such a situation.
if you manage a business, you wouldn’t want your customers to be inconvenienced because of a poorly working ac unit. clients who visit your office would also be likely put-off by this. unfortunate instances like such can be avoided by having well-serviced machines.
3.	increase the machine’s lifespan
no ac unit can last forever, the same thing goes for every electrical equipment sold in the market, but you can lengthen its operation and lifespan through regular aircon servicing. your unit will be assessed and checked from time to time. this means, you can get some parts changed (i.e. filters) to achieve a prolonged lifespan of the unit. think of the singapore dollars you will save, as you don’t have to buy another unit immediately when your ac acts up!

4.	reduces running costs
on-time servicing of your ac unit allows you to reduce the running costs that are involved in having an air conditioner at home or in the office. acs are known to cost substantial electricity bills because of the power needed for their proper functioning. energy consumption can be higher in units which aren’t serviced on-time. keep operating costs as low as possible through regular servicing especially if you’re keen on saving big amounts.
5.	increased comfort
having a regularly serviced ac unit means you can rely on its maximum capacity most of the time. you are likely to enjoy a flawless cooling of your room, regardless of whether you’re staying within the comforts of home or presenting a report at the office. air conditioners are bought to provide comfort – and having a well-serviced unit will definitely give you the comfort you are seeking for.
what does the process entail?
your air conditioning technician will first inspect your ac unit and assess if there are any parts that needs to be changed, or at least tinkered with. inspecting your air conditioner closely is vital to pinpoint any underlying issues that may need to be addressed. basically, he will do things that includes:

•	giving the condensing unit coils and evaporator coils a thorough cleaning
•	checking the compressor’s amp draw (and all components)
•	oiling the fan motors (if necessary)
•	checking the tightness of the belts and adjusting them if he/she deems fit
•	checking the operating pressures and temperatures of the system (against the specifications of the manufacturer)
•	inspecting the refrigerant level
•	checking all the sensors and thermostats
•	tightening all the electrical terminals
•	checking the ductwork for any damages or air leaks
•	checking the smooth operation of all zone motors
•	testing condensate tray, p trap, and drains
•	inspecting all the safety devices 
there are a number of benefits to having your ac unit regularly serviced and checked. if you’re worried about the costs, you can expect to recover all the accumulated fees through lesser repair costs and a reduced electricity bill. this will help you save more money in your account and maintain the comfort you’ve grown accustomed to.

*this list is compiled in no particular order.*
                                     
                                

property management: hiring a plumbing contractor
the plumbing system is one of the most important things to take care of when it comes to estate maintenance. clogged drains, leaked pipes, and other plumbing problems can potentially developed into more serious problems the moment the water starts to leak on the walls or pool on the floor and ceiling. minor leaks and clogs that are not addressed right away can create substantial damages whose repair can possibly cost you thousands of dollars. to avoid major expenses and renovations, ask your managing agent to regularly check every pipeline of the building and immediately fix minor hitches that can potentially turn into greater damage. 

to guarantee optimum condition of plumbing systems in your entire property, look for an efficient and reliable plumbing contractor in singapore. 
independent contractor and emergency plumbing services
if you’re looking to working with a plumber on a regular basis, perhaps for your property’s regular estate maintenance, you would do great with hiring an independent plumbing contractor. independent plumbers hired by a property management singapore are best for property owners who are maintaining larger buildings with greater plumbing works. for recommendations of certified plumbing contractors in your locality, ask your friends, colleagues or your managing agent, or try searching the internet for websites of legitimate organizations associated with plumbing contractors and services.
on the other hand, if you think your property doesn’t need much attention, you’ll do well with emergency plumbing services. many emergency contractors here in singapore are usually available 24/7 and can give instant solution to emergency plumbing problems, as opposed to most independent contractors who are only available on certain hours of the day.
nearby services
whether your condo manager hired an independent or emergency plumbing contractor, make sure to hire a company situated near your property’s location. also, nearby contractors possess more knowledge about the general plumbing of the area where you are located, thus, making it easier to fix any issue.

security matters
whether you or your condo manager is the one looking for a contractor, be sure the plumber can show a valid license. legitimate licenses will not only guarantee professional services, it will also provide affirmation that the person coming into your building and into the home of your tenants to fix plumbing issues is not a threat to the security of you and your tenant’s property. the licensure also serves as an insurance that will cover the expenses in case of any damage that the plumber has caused during their service. 
quality materials
when some parts of your plumbing system has to be replaced, it is important to make sure that your contractor uses quality materials in replacement of those defective parts. though high-quality parts can get a bit costly, this will help you save from frequent upkeep in the long run. 
having your plumbing lines regularly checked is the most suitable for real estate properties. to ensure all pipes, faucets, and water lines in the entire property in excellent working condition, property management companies often recommend hiring independent plumbing contractor, or you can ask your managing agent for annual property management maintenance package for greater savings.

                                     
                                

plumbing inspection before buying a home
your home is one of the biggest investments you will have in your life. therefore, buying one shouldn’t be rushed nor taken for granted. you want to find a safe and stable property for yourself and for your family; and to be able to do that, a house inspection should be done before closing the deal. 

before proceeding to buy a property, you must thoroughly inspect its interiors first, including the house’s plumbing system. during this visit, it’s ideal to have a professional plumber with you as they will know how to properly check for plumbing issues that you would have missed have you gone alone. if you want a closer hand in inspecting your home, here are some tips on how you and your plumbing contractor should inspect your plumbing system.
1.	ask the seller’s help 
reputable real estate agents will help you verify the condition of all aspects of the property you wish to purchase. if they refuse to provide access to the house’s plumbing system, that’s a major red flag that there could be a serious problem.
2.	dress appropriately
before beginning the inspection, make sure to bring the right gears—strong-grip gloves, comfortable footwear and a flashlight—and wear something that you won’t mind getting dirty. checking the plumbing system can get messy, so be prepared.
3.	look for lead
older homes in singapore tend to use lead pipes. while lead is helpful, it’s toxic and therefore should be avoided especially of you have kids. lead pipes may not be a major deal breaker, but before closing the deal, ask your plumber in singapore how much it would cost to replace the lead pipes. 
4.	test every shut off valve
as a homeowner, you need to know where the main shut off valve of your home’s water supply is, and make sure that it is in excellent condition. check that you can easily turn on/off your shut off valve, which is usually located near your home’s water meter. now, turn the valve off, go around your house, and turn on every faucet. if any faucet has a flow, or even just drips, the entire plumbing system may have to be checked and repaired.
5.	check the pipes
for most homeowners in singapore, having good and constant water pressure is important, and the size of the water pipes helps determine this. larger pipes at the main source should be anywhere between .75 to one inch in size, while the rest of the pipes in the house should be .5 or larger. anything that’s smaller than .5 will restrict the water flow, and this is something that’s quite costly to replace.

6.	inspect the water heater
have your plumbing services staff inspect the water heater. if it’s old, in poor working condition, or has other operating issues, it could be an expensive repair or replacement that you should take into consideration when bidding on a property. when checking the water heater, look for corroded parts, mineral deposits and other warning signs that the equipment needs to be replaced.
7.	smell the sewage
sewage problems are disgusting, stinky and expensive plumbing works. before signing on the dotted line, find out what kind of sewage system the house has. if there’s a septic tank, find out where it is located, where its line runs, how big it is, and the time when it was last emptied or serviced. check the area of the tank, as well as its line, paying attention for bad odours, stagnant water and other signs of seepage. since problems with septic tanks are usually costly, this is something you must insist on getting a deeper discount or having fixed before finalizing the deal.
8.	inspect for any leaks
make sure that the bathroom and kitchen faucets, as well as the shower and the toilet, are in good working condition and do not leak. a leaking toilet tank may not be noticeable, but it can cost you a lot in the long run. if your refrigerator has ice maker, find its water supply line and check for bulges and leaks. if the supply line is plastic, consider replacing it with copper.
9.	test the washing machine pipes
make sure the water valves for your laundry machine is working. check the machine’s intake hose and drain hose. they should not be brittle, nor should be dripping from where they are hooked. check the faucet where you hooked your hose to see that it’s not rusted shut.
10.	determine whether it has hard water
hard water causes stain and scale build-up on fixtures ad can make washing dishes and cleaning windows difficult. what’s worse, if this water goes untreated, scale can build-up inside the plumbing system. the best way to determine whether or not a property has hard water is to check the exteriors of the plumbing lines for signs of build-up. if you find any, try to negotiate a water softening supply into the deal. ask your 24 hours plumber about this to help wiggle this add-on to your package.

these are just a few of the things that will help inspect a house’s plumbing works. monitoring the water ways and pressure is an important part of inspecting a property. in order to get the most comprehensive home inspection and ensure smart investment, let a reliable plumber do the inspection for you. ask your contractor if property inspection is included in their plumbing services. if so, tag them along during site visitations for professional advices.
                                     
                                

a brief history of wedding rings and why they’re universally worn on the ring finger
in contemporary times, an engagement ring serves as the iconic symbol of one’s love for the other. some couples would even go beyond their way just to own a pair of breathtaking rings worth cherishing over; some sparkling with crystals ever so pleasant to the eye, while others are made out of pure gold.

it is important to keep in mind that there is nothing wrong with splurging over your proposal ring. although you have other wedding arrangements to finance, your rings will remain with you for a long time. if anything, you are likely to wear it every day. weddings are generally a once in a lifetime event hence it is only fitting to desire nothing but the best for your grand day.
origin
the practice of owning a ring between couples has been observed in time immemorial, but there is no official record as to when and where this age-old tradition really began. one record shows the earliest exchange of wedding ring about 4,800 years ago from ancient egypt. the material was composed of rushes, sedges, and reeds (which they grew together with the popular papyrus plant), which was then braided and twisted into rings.
in western cultures, the ring is traditionally worn on the fourth finger — and this revered symbolism paved way for the finger to be universally known as the ‘ring’ finger. this proves that the ring, then, is regarded to be one of the most important symbols in the history of mankind.
symbolism
the circle serves as a universal symbol for eternity, a shape which doesn’t have any beginning nor an end. this interpretation is not only limited amongst ancient egyptian civilizations but is also true among other culture. marriage is considered to be a sacred union among two people. you can find many beautiful circle designs when you search for customized wedding bands in singapore for your wedding. and what better symbol than a circle to associate it with?
only a few couples in singapore are aware of the further symbolism to these rings. beyond its shape, the other parts also hold significance — like that of the hole in the center. it is not only to be considered as merely a free space. rather, it signifies a door or a gateway, which leads you to things and events you may not know of. the married couple embark in their life journey together withstanding all the struggles and problems they may face in the future.
to give an engagement ring to the beloved also portrays the lover’s utmost and never-ending love. rings bear testament to one’s intention of spending the rest of his life together with the woman who holds his heart dear. this sacred union remains strong for better or for worse, in sickness and death, and ‘till death do they both part.

material
the earliest version of rings didn’t last long, mainly because the materials they were made of were rather weak and downright obsolete. thanks to the many innovation in our way of life, materials such as ivory, leather, and even bones were then used to produce a wedding ring. if the material is more expensive, it is generally noted to show more love to the receiver. hence in early times, the ring’s value directly demonstrated the giver’s wealth and status.
when christianity incorporated the use of wedding rings in marriage unions around the year 860, the rings that were used back then didn’t take on the appearance of the simple plain band (as we know it today). instead, they were noted to be lavishly decorated. common engravings include lyres, two linked hands, and doves. in the 13th century, the church discouraged the practice and deemed it rather ‘heathenish’. the appearance of rings were given a more spiritual look and much more simplified from then on.
vein of love
rings are generally worn on the left ring finger nowadays. but before the norm was established, rings were worn on different fingers through different stages in history, such as on both the right and left hands and even the thumb. it was only standardized when the romans (or as it is widely believed) began the tradition of wearing the wedding ring on the left-hand ring finger. this is because the finger is believed to locate a vein which is directly connected to the heart. the vein is known as the ‘vena amoris’, which literally translates to the ‘vein of love.”
regardless, science has proved that this isn’t actually true. there is no known existence of such a vein on the ring finger. despite that, this myth remains popular among many romantics. it is still considered to be the primary reason why the fourth finger is associated with the wearing of rings.
other reason
there is another practical theory behind why the ring is primarily placed on the fourth finger. since most people on earth are right-handed, it is fitting to wear the ring on the left hand which they do not make use of as much as they do with their right hand. this makes the hand a perfect place for keeping the ring safe.
the fourth finger on your left hand is also considered to be the least-used finger other than pinkies. and because pinkies are notably too small, the ring finger is used instead considering its ample surface area.

couples in singapore, together with the rest of the world, undoubtedly know the significance of having a ring. the tradition of couples possessing a pair has been traced back to a thousand of years in history. this proves that rings are generally considered to be one of the most cherished symbols of love. the rings remained consistent one generation after the other, as it bears testament to the relationship and union between two people.
                                     
                                

kahuna ho tram strip—the next vacation and investment hot spot
 
with its picturesque beauty, accessible location and five-star leisure facilities, kahuna ho tram has quickly become one of vietnam’s premier vacation spot for families and group of friends. thanks to the long thành – dầu giây express way, people residing at ho chi minh city can easily escape the hustling and bustling city life to the peaceful and relaxing ambiance of hồ tràm in less than two hours. 
you and your family, as well as with your friends, can enjoy the unspoilt beaches and world-class hotel facilities of this holiday destination. corporations and organizations can also benefit from kahuna ho tram resort by hosting their team building and product launchings or bring their clients here for fun and entertainment. even you, yourself, can benefit from the resort by owning—and profiting from—one of superior vung tau condo units.
indeed, kahuna ho tram strip offers more than just the typical r&r dự án hồ tràm also gives you a chance to put your savings to good use through property investment with their condos and beach villa for sale. 
premium holiday experience
named after hawaii’s legendary waves, kahuna ho tram is designed to bring the true essence of a beachside holiday getaway. located in vũng tàu province in vietnam, the resort offers its vacationers a compelling experience for a posh coastal destination in the midst of the serene milieu of the province. describing kahuna ho tram in vietnam  as a luxury destination, it was designed after the elements and qualities of world’s famous cruise liners. 
kahuna ho tram strip features a 164-hectare area with a 2.2km-stretch of pristine white-sand beach front that’s back-dropped with lush greenery. kahuna, the fifth phase of the ho tram development, adjoins the existing five-star grand hotel—the largest integrated resort in vietnam—and the five-star beach club. to the west part of kahuna is where you’ll find the famous bluffs golf course and the luxurious gallery villas overlooking the breath-taking seascape of vũng tàu, vietnam.

a smart investment
kahuna ho tram resort is a holiday venue seated adjacent to the grand and features over 160 condominium units, eight penthouses and 44 beach villas, with sizes ranging from 218 to 223 square meters. 
the pricing of this dự án hồ tràm in vietnam starts at $88,800 (vnd 2,018,202,000) for a condo unit and $350,00 (vnd 7,954,625,000) for a beach villa beside golf course. while this may sound like a lot of money to invest in condo or a beach villa for sale, you can guarantee that this holiday resort investment will have a return of eight percent annually for two years of your net lease cost. after these, you can enjoy a highly favourable 60/40 share of rental revenue for the remaining eight years of the contract. 
in addition to the monetary profit, if you choose to invest in condo, you can benefit from the many leisure facilities of the resort has to offer. from its grand casino, award-winning golf-course and world-renowned beaches to its game centers, fitness center and grand cinema, you’re sure to enjoy great benefits exclusive only for kahuna ho tram resort’s property investors.
what’s next in ho tram project
expect a whole lot more in ho tram’s future developments. in its early planning phases is a private international airport, which also aims to further augment tourism economy of vietnam. other areas of the 164-hectare area is planned to have amenities such as a second resort, amphitheatres and other leisure and shopping amenities.
with all the leisurely, relaxation and investment amenities and opportunities, there’s no doubt that ho tram strip is the largest foreign investor that have ever invested in vietnam, with over us$1 billion in capital and more expected profit to come. if you want to take advantage of this profiting opportunity—not to mention the benefits of luxe vacation experience—now is the right time to invest in kahuna ho tram resort.

                                     
                                

how can you save money over voip phone calls?

voip technology has become a big money saver for a lot of business in so many ways. nowadays, big or small enterprises are now able to significantly reduce the costs of their total phone lines. this is because voip makes use of the local area network along with the internet in connecting the system to the phones in use. since the system is quite ubiquitous in nature, businesses can opt to place and move the phones anywhere, even used at residences or at their remote offices all over singapore.
the flexibility attached to the system gives various options to businesses in order for them to save money. they can customize the system to fit their specific business operations, especially when users are not required to pay extra charges based on long-distance calls and time consumption. business owners also aren’t obliged to maintain infrastructure dedicated solely for data and phone lines.
with that in mind, a lot of companies are saying goodbye to the traditional and embracing the new state-of-the-art technology onto their business operations. only a few have remained who still make use of the traditional phone models, since what’s now in demand is the pbx phone system among leading businesses all over the city-state. this makes their operations manageable, particularly to those who have outsourced their personnel abroad.
there are a lot of factors as to how voip phone calls can help businesses cut down on their operating costs. with hundreds to thousands of dollars saved, this enables the company to allocate the amount to other urgent ventures.
reduced maintenance costs
since voip singapore works differently compared to your traditional telephone systems, you will be surprised to know how you can reduce your maintenance cost when you make the switch. for instance, having an ip pbx telephone system makes you have each voip phone unit as an extension off the general phone system. with that, you can move it anywhere you wish given that it is still connected to the internet. 
even when you are working at home, you can still bring along the phone with you as an extension with all the same features and voip phone number saved. you also wouldn’t be required to have service calls in order to move the phones around within the office.

advanced features
with the competitive businessworld in singapore, enterprises need to be ahead of the game by being agile and flexible. they need to keep up with what the customers need regularly. with that, they need to implement advanced features like unified communication or video conferencing in order to operate more efficiently. these features are no longer mere luxuries. over time, they have turned into necessities for businesses of all types.
voip singapore technology has enabled almost every business to incorporate competitive features into their systems. in turn, this has helped in achieving maximum work productivity and efficiency. a hosted pabx or hosted voip system enables every user to participate in a conference call even on their mobile phones, which can either be made or received regardless of where the caller is.
call centers and tech support
departments such as customer service, sales, and tech support rely extensively on phone calls which makes it imperative for their communication system to be reliable at all times. they also make use of specific voip technology features such as call parking, agent queues, and etc. traditional phone service providers also offer these kind of enhances features, but they were generally more expensive. however, adding these features to your system is now made cost-effective because of cloud voip. 
voip also makes the process much simpler to manage. for one, these add-on features can be individually managed via online dashboards. call centers benefit most from making the switch to voip technology. there are entire communication suites made available for purchase which combines necessary features for customer support, which can be fitting for a pbx phone system. 
low long-distance rates
even if you are making calls to business partners or customers outside of singapore, you wouldn’t have to worry too much over your telephone bill. in fact, a voip phone system reduces the rates for making long-distance calls in contrast with your traditional phone lines. a good communication system is integral in every enterprise, big or small, and phone charges can easily end up into thousands of dollars every month when running on your traditional telephone.
a hosted pabx or a cloud voip system allows businesses to purchase in advance the bulk minutes for calls on generally low prices, while calls in some countries such as canada may be for free. in addition, when employees make calls to one another, it is often free of charge on a voip singapore system.
no additional phone lines to install
with voip technology, your business might never need to install new phone lines which can then significantly reduce operating costs. there are a number of cloud voip services which provide equipment to directly hook into your current broadband network. the rates of these services are generally competitive with your traditional business phone plans, thus effectively cutting off costs.
the installation of this system also is notably easy. installing an ip pbx telephone system may sound intimidating because of the complex tech jargon, but don’t let that fool you. the process actually doesn’t require a tech specialist or someone who has background in voip technology. for further information, consult your service provider and find out for yourself.

switching to voip has allowed businesses to save hundreds to thousands of dollars annually. nowadays when broadband became relatively easy to get as well as cheap, voip has an increased appeal to businesses who want to cut down on their costs and use their resources more effectively.
                                     
                                

3 major rules for managing your contractors

perhaps, among the most difficult tasks of property management is making sure that you’re business making profit and constantly growing over time. especially to those owners who do not have enough knowledge about constructions, supervising the process of expansion can be extremely challenging due to great demands of work. however, knowing the basics of managing contractors can be a good start to successfully growing your singapore business rental.
1.	cover your grounds with contracts
it is a very beneficial practice to secure a contract with every contractor you work with, regardless of the cost of the project. the contract should contain a detailed information about the scope of work and, if possible, the materials to be used in the project.
the schedule and payment method should also be included and must be in the form that clearly defines the milestones of the best property management in singapore contractor before they get paid. for example, an initial deposit of 20% when the contract is signed, 30% after half of the project is completed, another 30% after completion of the work, and the remaining 20% two weeks after the project is done. other items that should be stated in the contract are the insurance policy, policy for termination of agreement, and lien waiver.

2.	create a timeline before the project starts
whether it’s you or your contractor who will create the timeline for the property management project, it’s important to have something that will serve as a guide while the project is going on. 
with a timeline, it keeps the contractor accountable to complete the job on the said date. it also ensures that you don’t pay ahead of the completed work. if there’s no timeline to follow, how will you know that the project is 50% completed and the equivalent amount should be paid right at that moment? a timeline allows everybody, including your managing agent, if you work with one, to keep track of the development and finish the project on the expected time. 
3.	visit the site by surprise
whether it’s a simple repainting job or a site expansion, visiting your property by surprise while your people are at work is the best way to check on the workers’ performance. though this doesn’t matter to good workers, if you have a bad one, you’re now giving them a reason to work hard and not slack off from work.
in addition, you should be mindful with those property managers who overbook their schedules and try to manage more than the appropriate number of projects just to make more money. though many can effectively handle this, some can cause delays and slow down the operations. so, make sure your employees are working in full swing even when you’re not around by randomly dropping by to the site.

if after everything it seems like your contractors, or even your managing agent, do not commit their 100 percent to your project, you always have the option to replace them. lousy workers are not worth the frustration, knowing that there are plenty of excellent workers out there.
                                     
                                

6 reasons to hire a tennis coach
excellent tennis players make more than just killer serves. winning the sport involves multitude of techniques that you can only learn from professional tennis coaching in singapore.
here are six reasons why you must learn tennis only from a professional tennis coach.

mentoring

one of the most important roles of a tennis coach is to mentor. your coach will teach you what needs to be done to win the game, get you mentally and physically ready and keep you motivated to train harder.

spotting mistakes you can’t see

coaches can recognize flaws in the game that you would not normally notice. have you experienced being asked by a friend why you did something that you did not even notice you were doing? a tennis coaching from a professional is valuable because these pros have years of training and experience that they can easily spot the smallest technical flaw that might hamper your progress.

accelerating improvement

coaches can quickly find your flaws and help you fix them right away. most beginners and amateur tennis players turn to watching professional players and mimic their moves without advice on proper execution, which can be dangerous as it may lead to injury. a pro tennis coach will pay attention to your weaknesses and give specific instructions like “bend your knee more,” “turn your shoulder more,” or “you’re following through incorrectly.” yes, their assistance can cost you more money, but wouldn’t it be worthy to save you from the aggravation?

formulating effective strategy

planning for a strategy before a match makes a huge difference in the outcome of your play. and who else can be your perfect partner for this than your tennis coach? take advantage of the extensive experience of your coach by working together during your tennis lessons in singapore to come up with an effective game plan. even those players with ugly strokes can defeat the more technical opponent with the right strategy. through professional tennis coaching, you will learn to implement point patterns and know when to use them.

motivation

professional tennis lessons provide inspiration to elevate your game. players sometimes experience those low-self-esteem moments, especially after losing a game. rigid tennis lessons during these times can be the kick in the rear you need to start hustling again. a great coach knows very well how to support and motivate you, making a huge impact on your mental state and approach to your next game.

keeping your goals realistic

great coaches are honest and will give you the most truthful assessment of your performance. you may have won five games in a row and think that you are the next maria sharapova or andy murray, but your coach will be honest to you and point out the things that your favourite player did right that you are doing wrong. your coach will help you set reachable goals and continue to push you to your limits.
sure, it costs a lot, but education is always priceless. by hiring a tennis coach in singapore, you will have a trainer, mentor, motivator, strategist and technical expert in one. the training and support you’ll get from working with a pro coach will surely be worth it.
                                     
                                

canab crm software—your ultimate business solution
a business’ meticulous eye to attention to all things related to its customers is its best advantage. customer relationship management (crm) software can provide your business the necessary tools to be constantly on top of your game.
detailed overview of customer information 
one of the important aspects of business operations is the customer relationship management system. building strong relationships with prospective and current clients plays a significant role in the success of any business. by integrating a crm software into your operational structure, you’re fostering connections with customers and partners, which will give you a leg up on the tight competition in today’s highly competitive industry.
better sales visualization
business managers and owners in singapore rely on detailed sales pipeline. without clear vision into this funnel, it would be almost impossible to accurately forecast business output and sales representative will be left unarmed with the right information when trying to close deals. having a sales crm will equip your business with the tools required to come up with precise forecasts. a customer relationship management system can also provide real-time reports and useful features to ensure powerful sales pipeline.
multi-departmental collaboration
did you know that having an interconnected pipeline in your crm can make it possible for team members of different departments to use a centralized network, allowing everyone to work in the same database? when data is updated in real time and is accessible to anyone, anytime, everybody works in sync and collaborative works naturally takes place. an establishment whose departments work in unity is a business that is ready to grow and push forward together—and that can be attained with the integration of crm software in singapore.
remote operations
gone are the days when sales reps in singapore are just glued onto their desks and constantly sending emails through their pc. now, sales representatives are on the field, busy connecting and building relationships with prospect and current clients. to get connected with employees who are constantly out and about, you need crm software that’s flexible, responsive and allows your sales reps to work anywhere they may be. imagine being able to access business database while having a coffee meeting with a prospect client? what could be more efficient than that?
thinking of upgrading your business operations and overall productivity? a powerful customer relationship management system could be just what you need.
                                     
                                
   read all   
copyright ©2011 indian art-i-crafts
                                                




  




 































































































































































































