










problem-based learning resources | siu school of medicine


































          skip to main content
        




















domain menu


patient care


school of medicine






main menu edu secondary


faculty


intranet


library


news & events


donate


careers






i am a...


patient


donor or friend


prospective employee


student/prospective student


resident or fellow


alumni













main menu edu






main menu


close




main menu



degree programs


research


academic & clinical departments


centers & institutes


community programs



equity, diversity and inclusion 


external relations


family and community medicine


office of community care


office of correctional medicine


population science and policy


rural health and social service development




about us



administrative offices


careers


why siu school of medicine



strategic plan


a model for medical education


facts and figures


our campuses




economic impact report (pdf)


history



notable alumni


points of pride


timeline




leadership



siu medicine board of directors


siu school of medicine leadership




news and events








group menu






main menu


close







main menu


close




main menu



problem-based learning resources


books


electronic modules


videos










search










search site


close
close











breadcrumb


home


                  problem-based learning resources
              







 






















problem-based learning resources

















welcome
as a resource to other medical education institutions, we offer our problem-based learning resources for purchase. this includes books as well as electronic problem-based learning modules where students can use free inquiry to interview and examine patients. these electronic modules can be used as simulated patients.







image




































electronic pbl modules 
electronic problem-based learning modules are actual patient cases that permit free inquiry, furnished either in cd format or sent electronically for a one-time download. the learner can ask any question of the patient in any sequence and get the patient's response and perform any item of the physical examination in any sequence and learn the result as in the real clinical situation. any laboratory and diagnostic test can be ordered in any sequence as well. whatever can be done with the actual patient on history and physical and the ordering of laboratory tests can be done with the module. a separate "user's guide" provided with each module can be used with any of the modules in the series and provides the key for free inquiry group.








latest articles










southern illinois teams to participate in child abuse simulation training



february 15, 2024



  the challenges of preventing and responding to cases of child abuse can be difficult, even to professionals familiar in their roles within social welfare agencies. to aid in improving care, child protection teams from two children’s advocacy centers (cac) in franklin and williamson counties and the seven southernmost counties in illinois (two rivers cac) will receive simulation training on february 21-22 in carbondale.














geoff pettys is new medical library director



february 8, 2023



  geoff pettys has been named the director of siu school of medicine's medical library.














haneme idrizi named associate dean of student affairs



june 7, 2022



  haneme idrizi, md, has been named associate dean of student affairs and admissions at southern illinois university school of medicine. she will assume her new role on july 1.







see more articles









more information





if you're interested in information regarding problem-based learning, our faculty, or workshops, visit our site:
department of medical education






contact us
ron wilshusen
phone: 217-545-7342
email



















this browser is no longer supported and some key features will not work. we strongly recommend using edge, chrome 70+, safari 5.x+ and firefox 5.x+.


close













© 2025 siu board of trustees all rights reserved


legal


equal opportunity employer


nondiscrimination statement


privacy policy


foia


ada




about us


about us


contact 


siu intranet


siu medicine


southern illinois university carbondale


southern illinois university edwardsville


southern illinois university system




social




facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram






































