

























home - pittsburgh young professionals



















































 


skip to content



























 
eventsmembershipopportunitiesresources









join








 
























get connected 
with career-minded individuals to develop socially, professionally, and civically.



become a member


 
 
































 




personal & professional networking 
jumpstart your career and make new connections with more than 500 young professionals.
 
 

















 




personal & leadership growth 
transform your career with unique opportunities, speaker events, and leadership development opportunities.
 
 

















 




a place to belong 
new to the 'burgh or life long resident, build lasting friendships with like-minded young professionals.
 
 



















mission 
to attract, develop, and retain the future leaders of the greater pittsburgh region.
 
 











vision 
our vision is to enhance the vitality of the pittsburgh region by creating a strong community of young professionals.
 
 



































pyp benefits 
don't miss an opportunity to grow you community and career.
 
 



















 






















 





meet life-long friends



 





get help for the next chapter of your life



 





make pittsburgh feel like home



 





get involved
































our partners  





















 













 













 













 













 













 










learn about our partners




































testimonials


















"pyp is about creating unique experiences. we want members to walk away from an event feeling like they've not only made useful connections with members and attendees but with the city we live in."morgan whiteley, 2018 presidentthe value of a pyp membership is beyond what i anticipated when i first joined in 2017. attending my first event, i was immediately welcomed to an organization that values the diverse backgrounds of its members. at the time, i was working for a nonprofit and was able to connect with young professionals looking to give back to their community. as i become more familiar with the organization, i joined committees and become more involved. the leaders of pyp have consistently invested in ensuring a great member experience. each event is well organized and welcoming to new members and long-time members. mckenna gilbert  










pyp has helped me propel forward in my career through volunteer opportunities that have helped me acquire skills that were needed for the next step in my career. all the while, i have had the opportunity to make life long, like-minded friends! matt horan 2019 co chair, 2020-present co board advisor the networking and relationships built through the pyp serve not only your career but also the community.  pyp and the partnership with schools motivated me to go back to school for my masters degree and connect more with professionals in the pittsburgh area.  thank you!  david gettemy bachelor of science in engineering, geneva college master of science in cybersecurity and information assurance, robert morris university expected 2022 


































































faqs  


























 do i need to rsvp to attend an event?


official event registration is completed through our website and pre-pay for specific events. all of our upcoming events are located on the events calendar, along with the event location, time, and contact information. please note that rsvping on a facebook event is not an official rsvp.
should you have a question about an event, please do not hesitate to contact the event organizer.




 what is the cost of pyp membership?


we offer various free and paid plans. find out more here.




 what age does pyp consider to be a young professional?


pyp has no age limit. the only requirement is that you must be 21 years or older to join. whether you are fresh out of college looking to make connections or a more seasoned professional with a rolodex a mile long, we welcome you to join us. at pyp, we believe in an all-inclusive, industry diverse organization.




 who do i contact for questions or to change my contact information?


for general questions about pyp or to change your contact information, please email us at info@pyp.org!

























 


















































 





pittsburgh young professionals alloy 26  attn: pyp 100 s commons #102 pittsburgh, pa 15212









 





inquires: info@pyp.org

























learn more











contact us











member login





















anti-discrimination policy 









terms of use









privacy policy











© 2021 pittsburgh young professionals. all rights reserved.









 










