




home page - caddo parish assessor's office















caddo parish
assessor's office









about



homestead


property search

forms/links
millages

news
faq

contact














welcome to caddo parish assessor's office
serving our community, by serving you


welcome to caddo assessor's office
serving you







                scroll down
            














a message of appreciation from the caddo parish assessor






every citizen matters
i am deeply honored and grateful for the trust and confidence the citizens of caddo
                parish have placed in me by electing me as the assessor of caddo parish. it is truly
                humbling. thank you all for your support, dedication, and commitment. i wish to
                express my deepest gratitude to my family. i would not be where i am today if they
                did not believe in me. i would like to especially thank my committee and supporters
                that stayed by my side every step of the way. i could not have completed this process
                without their continued assistance, guidance, encouragement, and support.
            

                i take this responsibility very seriously. the caddo parish assessor’s office will
                ensure that fairness, equity, and respect is present in every aspect of our operations
                to secure quality services for every citizen of caddo parish property. every citizen
                matters in caddo parish. to achieve this, we will be innovative and anticipate the
                changing needs of our citizens and embrace the latest technology. i will create a
                workplace for our team that inspires and empowers them to perform at the highest
                level. our primary goal is to establish fair and equitable values for all properties in
                caddo parish.
            

                once again, thank you all for your unwavering support, dedication, and
                commitment. yesterday, we celebrated, but today, the work has begun for fair and
                equitable assessments for every citizen in caddo parish.
            
with excitement and gratitude,
dr. regina webb, assessor
caddo parish









are you finding what you need?
our office is here to serve you.
contact us










free public search
caddo parish’s real estate records are available online and free to the public. we have made some new exciting upgrades to the free public search. our constituents can now search by owner name, section-township-range, and subdivision. you can also view the property on gis maps.
 professional searching
real estate professionals who need value-added options and more powerful database query options will come to rely on the professional search. it has been said it changes the way people do business. and as a parish-sponsored program, we are glad to provide this product.




search real property records
professional options / pricing


search
pricing





 interactive mapping
subscribers to the “pro search” can now search and view real property records with geospatial imaging layers. the map viewer incorporates a point-and-click application blended with parcel boundary layers. this interactive mapping tool will let subscribers visualize the property on a map, view the parcel boundary lines and approximate dimensions, and then link the parcel with its real property record card.


 history cards
add history cards to your subscription with the history card search, which will enable you to search across three different sets of criteria. the results will allow you to look at all the images associated with a subdivision in a single book or you may browse through different pages that are associated with that subdivision. pdf versions of the history cards can be viewed, printed or saved to your hard drive.










professional search options / pricing

×






day pass

$10 24-hour access
                            

                                real property & business personal data only
                            



                                    if your needs are short-term, the day pass option allows you access to the real property professional search as well as the business personal property search.
                                
perfect for anyone needing quick, professional access without mapping or history cards.


note: mapping and history card addons are not available for the day pass option.




professional search

$35 per month
                            

                                real property & business personal data only
                            



                                    additional datasets are included with the professional search such as property transaction histories, tax districts, and homestead information.
                                

                                    searching is also expanded and includes the ability to search across different fields.
                                


note: mapping and history card searching is available for an additional cost.




interactive mapping

+$10 additional per month
                            
interactive point-and-click map viewer searching


subscribers to the professional search can now search and view real property records with geospatial imaging layers. the interactive map viewer incorporates a point-and-click application blended with parcel boundary layers. this tool enables subscribers to visualize the property on a map, view the parcel boundary lines, approximate dimensions, and link the parcel with its real property record card.


note: requires monthly access to the professional search.




history card search

+$10 additional per month
                            
history card searching and downloadable images.



                                    adding history cards to your subscription will enable you to search across four different sets of criteria. the results will allow you to view all available images associated with a subdivision in a single book or you can view the varies pages in the corresponding book. pdf versions of the history cards can be viewed, printed, or saved to your device.
                                


note: requires monthly access to the professional search.





questions? please call: 888.565.4530




close









questions?  we have answers.
check out our faq page.
faq








homestead and special assessment forms




homestead exemption
homeowners who own and occupy their residence may qualify for homestead exemption.


special assessment freeze
if you are 65 and older you may qualify for this special assessment freeze.  to find out if you meet all of the requirements please contact our office.





how to apply

                to apply for homestead exemption and/or special assessment online, start by searching for your property.
            
search property












contact us




 office hours


                                8:30 am - 5:00 pm(monday - friday)
                            





 address


                                501 texas street, room 102shreveport, la 71101
                            





 general information


 info@caddoassessor.org
 318.226.6704
                            





 technical support (website)


 support@datascoutpro.com
 888.565.4530
                            






more contact information


more info






            © 2025 - datascout, llc | all rights reserved.
              accessibility








accessibility

×






                            it is our intent to comply with the website accessibility standards suggested by the ada, and updates are being made
                            on an ongoing basis. if you need special assistance with viewing our website contents, please contact us at (479) 521-5607.
                            if you use assistive devices to view our website, and have specific feedback regarding accessibility,
                            we welcome your comments and suggestions.
                        









