




the big picture dvd











































home
contact
welcome to the big picture dvd






















welcome to the big picture dvd

september 1st, 2014



we are adding brand new design and articles into the big picture dvd.
in the meanwhile, visit the movie review query engine — also known as “mrqe” (pronounced “marquee”), a leading index of movie reviews published online. the continually growing site provides a searchable index of all published and available movie and dvd reviews. mrqe aggregates reviews, news, interviews, and other material associated to specific movies. since 1993 , its database and search engine have been continuously upgraded by stewart m. clamen.
mrqe’s database of movies includes: classic and modern films, foreign and domestic films, major releases and limited engagements (independent films). mrqe provides information for movies in theatres, movies out on dvd/blu-ray, and movies shown on amc (tv network), tcm, and ifc. it also includes the reviews produced in english, german, italian, french, spanish, norwegian, and other languages.
clamen believes his website, to which he devotes about an hour a day, has an important role. “i’m promoting not just the hollywood movies. i promote the foreign and independent movies, the ones that don’t have publicity machines behind them,?he says. i’d like to think that i’d helping people see movies they might not otherwise see.
on august 10, 2009, mrqe had 769,334 reviews and other articles, indexed by 78,089 movie titles, with the reviews drawn from more than 450 english -language online or offline resources, in its database.
other entertainment you might checkout,
learn how to play slots, and practice free online slots for fun.






		comments are closed.	










rss feed

google
my yahoo!
newsgator
bloglines
inezha








random posts

blackjack moviethe odd couple (1968)grey gardens (1975)the princess bridejames bond’s casino royale2012dealthe iron giantavatarup (2009)lucky youfour dogs playing pokernew jack cityjourney to the far side of the sunsome like it hot (1959)shutter islandthe fog of warthe hangovershowgirlsvalentine’s dayleaving las vegasthe wolfmanthe hunt for red octoberout of africayellow submarine 














top


		copyright © 2009-2014 the big picture dvd
	

big picture dvd









