




greg downing photography
















































home
blog
about greg
portfolios

gallery list
search archive
lightboxes
cart
client login


workshops












show thumbnails
caption




previous


next























































































 


















































recent posts


magical tanzania


backing up: 10 steps to peace of mind when traveling in the digital age


bosque del apache 2008 event


getting the most from your “better beamer” flash x-tender


processing digital images for web presentation


connect with greg

facebook



twitter



google+
 


in 2003 greg founded naturescapes.net with e.j. peiker and heather forcier. today greg is the publisher, president and sole owner of the company and oversees all operations from his home base in manchester, maryland. 



upcoming workshopsview all naturescapes workshops »greg has been traveling the world teaching professional and amateur photographers for more than a decade hosting instructional workshops and seminars. instructing photographers of all experience levels, greg has earned a reputation for his gracious and generous teaching style. his workshops are offered through naturescapes.net, where he is publisher and president of the most comprehensive website for nature photography.


quetzals, toucans, hummingbirds - costa rica - come away from this workshop with a beautiful and diverse portfolio of images as well as a wealth of new knowledge to help you to continue improving and expanding your own photography at home and on your next trip to costa rica! we will take care of everything you need to get great photos from the time you step off the plane in costa rica's capital to your departure from the country. the lodges and casual itinerary are guaranteed to offer great photo opportunities while the meals and other details are sure to please.



bird photography workshop - texas - learn how to get stunning images of birds in all their glory at a private ranch near edinburg, texas. this workshop is limited to just five photographers per instructor, so each will receive personalized and focused attention.



loons and more - kamloops, b.c. - canada - create adorable portraits of common loons interacting with their chicks at our unique bird photography workshop on the lake in british columbia, canada.
june  6-10; 11-15; and/or 16-20, 2019













about


greg has been traveling the world teaching professional and amateur photographers for more than a decade hosting his instructional workshops and seminars. instructing photographers of all experience levels greg has earned a reputation for his gracious and generous teaching style.

greg’s images are known for their unique style, exacting composition and strict attention to detail. as an internationally recognized photographer, his numerous publishing credits include books…
read more » 

contact
phone410-239-8025
emailgreg@naturescapes.net
credits
all content © 2025 by greg downing photography
wordpress themes by graph paper press







