


round world media














 home 
 


combining creativity and technology


round world media specializes in innovation in education and texhnology. 
coaching and consulting for innovate and improved outcomes.
our work has earned multiple prestigious awards.
we work with a close-knit network of the top cultural creatives and leading technologists to create digital alchemy.
valerie landau is the founder of round world media. 

developing an effective online course website
                    seminal work in online course development
                    paperback 2001 - no longer in print
archived projects
engelbartcentric projects

                    photo by bill daul 
the engelbart hypothesis: dialogs with douglas engelbart

                    by valerie landau and eileen clegg, douglas engelbart 
available free online and on kindle
"we are at a decision crossroads. and as this book vividly demonstrates, doug engelbart as been there all along, waiting for us with the answer."
                    historian james burke, author of connections 
educational networked improvement community at california state university, monterey bay
                    collaborative study group examining the work of douglas engelbart
the engelbart mural

                    digital version of an orginal mural created by valerie landau and eileen clegg collaborated with douglas engelbart to create a timeline of engelbart's life and achievement. the mural is on paper.                  
videos 
video clip  of engelbart chorded ketset demo at the internet archive 2010 
video of douglas engelbar, valerie landau, and eileen clegg showing the engelbart mural at the moodle-sloan conference in san francisco in 2009
video interview with douglas engelbart circa 1991 in his home in atherton
silicon valley: boomtown video
                    available for viewing via internet archieve 
                    produced at kteh -pbs featuring douglas engelbart 
photos


photo album of douglas engelbart andvalerie landau through the decades working on projects and attending industry and soical events
engelbart awards photos - jeff mccall and valerie landau worked with engelbart to document many of his awards. 


game design
homophonia game
                  a game to learn about homophones, words that wound the same but have different meanings. click on the words to see the homophone. 



 

round world media combines creativity and technology 
                | vlandau@gmail.com  |






