





bids canada |     home
 





















































english
 








toggle navigation














                                register
                            



                        oil & gas
                        




                                browse opportunities
                            



                                        all open                                       
                                    



                                        by agency
                                    



                                        by category
                                    



                                       closed
                                    





                                oil & gas projects
                            



                                addenda
                            



                                bidders list by agency
                            



                                results/awards by agency
                            



                                oil & gas categories
                            





                        opportunities
                        




                                addenda
                            



                                browse
                            



                                        all open                                       
                                    



                                        by agency
                                    



                                        by category
                                    





                                results/awards by agency
                            



                                goods & services categories
                            





                        contact us
                    





                            
                            login
                        


















                    
                    save time - bidsalertbrings you thousands oftender opportunities allin one place.
                







                    
                    save money - bidalertprovides canada widecoverage at the lowestpossible price.
                







                    
                    benefit from automatedemail notification alertin one single bidsalertpdf
                







                    
                    register for a free 21days trial with bidsalerttoday! customs plans forcanadian offshore oil andgas projects
                










                            finding opportunities in a competitive market is challenging.
                        


                        bidsalert has helped 1000s of businesses find tender opportunities, uncover opportunities for growth and build their business. bids is designed with the aim of saving you time and increasing your access to business leads. by consolidating numerous tenders on one platform, bids streamlines the process and eliminates the need for multiple subscriptions.
                    











what we offer












bids understands your time is valuable.

                                    at bidsalert canada, we take care of the tedious work of searching for tender notices. with bids you can focus on what really matters: building your business.from local government tenders to federal contract opportunities, we've got you covered. our team scans hundreds of sources every day to bring you the latest tenders from various industries, including construction, transportation, it services, and more.
join our growing list of satisfied clients who have secured lucrative government contracts through our service. don't miss another opportunity!










bidsalert tender notifications work

                                    bidsalert is a simple effective tool used by many to help grow their business. here is what a couple of our subscribers have to say:“our company has multiple bidsalert subscriptions providing coverage over a wide range of opportunities. we have had success in the canadian offshore sector whose notices bids provides." - jordie mann, terrapure environmental“as a bidsalert subscriber the automatic opportunities feed we get each day saves time and is easy to use. we intend to continue as bidsalert subscribers.” - darryl chidley, audio systems limited
                                









bidsalert is the tender notification service designed for you!

                                    bidsalert is the tender notification service designed for you! you shouldn't have to juggle checking multiple sites to find the opportunities you need to grow your business. bidsalert sends you the tenders in one file a day, and with our handy bidsbook you can quickly and easily organize the tenders of most interest.we have different levels of service starting at $99cdn, and one is sure to fit your needs and budget. no hidden charges all fees are paid at registration. details found on the registration page. 
                                









canadian offshore oil and gas procurement

                                    bidsalert supplies vendor registration and document distribution services for many agencies in the canadian offshore oil and gas sector. participation in these eois requires registration with bids.bids was chosen by exxon (then mobil oil) in the mid 90s to provide an open and robust bidding system which they still use today. bids has been adopted by a number of other offshore projects.  
                                







                            register
                        












company



                                about us
                            



                                terms of service and privacy policy
                            




support



                            contact us
                        



                            supported browsers
                        




quick links



                            login
                        



                            register
                        



                            oil & gas categories
                        



                            goods & services categories
                        




follow us



facebook




linkedin








            © 1970 - 2025 tendering publications limited
        


























