



















apopka, fl | official website









  















skip to main content




















city alerts


	nightly ocoee apopka road closures under sr 429
	read on...


	notice of website issue for mobile users
	view current website alert








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 










  





 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




    government      departments      services      community      business      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 

 






 














city meetings & eventsaccess agendas & minutes.








pay utility billonline access to your monthly payments.








employmentview available jobs and access applications.








permittingaccess our online permit portal.








eventsstay informed about city-wide events!








solid waste & recyclingregulations & scheduling documentation.










 
 
 

 

















community redevelopment agency (cra) input form
for those who were unable to attend the meeting in-person, please visit our online feedback form to give your input on items or priorities that you have for the new plan.









celebrating legends of apopka event and book sponsored by adventhealth
join us on february 25, 2025 from 6 pm to 8 pm at the apopka community center for this free event. visit our page to learn about those honored in our volume 3 book. thank you to our sponsor adventhealth.









city of apopka council meetings
view our meeting agendas and watch our city council meetings.





















						1
						apopka community redevelopment agency input form




						2
						celebrating legends of apopka event and book sponsored by adventhealth




						3
						city hall








  
 
 



























 



  
 














most requested linksexplore our most commonly used linksto find what you need
 






  
 



  
 














community redevelopment agency questionnaire



comprehensive plan feedback form



alerts & news



apopka amphitheater



bids



building permit



business tax receipt



calendar



camp wewa



city holidays



contact us



maps









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














city spotlightsstay informed with the latest updates.
 






  
 
 















apopka community redevelopment agency community input form 


watch our community workshop and submit online feedback about the community redevelopment agency in apopka.						read the press release







celebrating legends of apopka event 


join us as the apopka youth council honors twenty-eight legends that paved the way for so many in our community on february 25, 2025 from 6 to 8 pm			learn more about this free event!







2025 monthly utility bill newsletter edition 2 


view the latest utility bill monthly newsletter (pdf) for february 2025.			read edition 2 monthly newsletter of 2025







city of apopka comprehensive plan public input requested for rewrite 


the city is currently rewriting the comprehensive plan. be sure to provide your feedback online and join us at the february 11, 2025 joint meeting.						read the press release







free saturday sounds concert on march 1 


this saturday sounds showcases midnight mayhem. visit our calendar to learn more.			saturday sounds calendar event: march 1, 2025







2025 apopka office closures 


view our full list of office closures. please note: there is no trash collection on thanksgiving day and christmas day.			view 2025 observed holidays for the city of apopka







city of apopka breaking ground on apopka action sports park 


the city of apopka parks and recreation department is proud to announce the groundbreaking ceremony for apopka’s own skate park and pump track park.						read on...







media release: school resource officer program response from apopka police department 


orange county public schools issued a media advisory announcing that they will be considering the implementation of school guardians across five juris...						read the media release







new all-inclusive playground coming to the northwest recreation complex 


the city of apopka is excited to announce the next steps in bringing a brand-new all-inclusive playground to the northwest recreation complex.						read the press release







free saturday sounds concert on april 5 


this saturday sounds showcases beatlebeat. visit our calendar to learn more.			saturday sounds calendar event: april 5, 2025







free saturday sounds concert on april 19 


this saturday sounds showcases are friends electric. visit our calendar to learn more.			saturday sounds calendar event: april 19, 2025







view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














calendar & newsstay up to date
 






  
 
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












wed, feb. 19  

development review committee meeting

development review committee meetingread on...


wed, feb. 19  

apopka city council meeting

apopka city council meetingread on...


tue, feb. 25  

2025 celebrating legends event in honor of black history month

2025 celebrating legends event in honor of black history monthread on...





view full calendar




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 











apopka community redevelopment agency community input form 

watch our community workshop and submit online feedback about the community redevelopment agency in apopka.				read the press release




2025 monthly utility bill newsletter edition 2 

view the latest utility bill monthly newsletter (pdf) for february 2025.		read edition 2 monthly newsletter of 2025




city of apopka comprehensive plan public input requested for rewrite 

the city is currently rewriting the comprehensive plan. be sure to provide your feedback online and join us at the february 11, 2025 joint meeting.				read the press release




city of apopka breaking ground on apopka action sports park 

the city of apopka parks and recreation department is proud to announce the groundbreaking ceremony for apopka’s own skate park and pump track park.				read on...




2025 apopka office closures 

view our full list of office closures. please note: there is no trash collection on thanksgiving day and christmas day.		view 2025 observed holidays for the city of apopka





view all press releases




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 








 














subscribe to our weekly newslettersign up here
 






  
 
 







 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







120 e main street


apopka, fl 32703


phone: 407-703-1700


fax: 407-703-1705
 






  
 



  
 







connect with us







facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram



nextdoor



linkedin









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









