














































                checkout
            




	view cart (0)






		login
	























loading...





											{{name}}
										
view all ›







toggle navigation









mulberry paper and more





mulberry paper
washi paper
nepalese lokta paper
marbled paper
indian paper
mexican amate paper paper
natural inclusions paper
decoupage paper
watercolor paper
crepe paper
paper inspiration gallery






the origami paper shop





japanese washi origami papers
mulberry origami papers
nepalese lokta origami papers
italian marble origami paper
italian print origami paper
hand marbled origami papers
korean hanji origami paper
printed origami paper






safety lights and signals





all beacon and strobe lights
work truck & light vehicles
construction & heavy equipment
trucking and heavy hauling
pilot cars
snow plows and landscaping
utility vehicles
waste management
hazardous location
interior building
exterior building
audio-visual combo lights
forklift warning lights
industrial equipment warning lights
work area spot lights


















the mile high net stores llc family
founded in 2007, mile high net stores llc
(originally positive ventures llc), is a family owned and operated
ecommerce company. our business began in a small home-office with a
computer and entrepreneurial zeal and has grown into a 7,000 brick-and-mortar location. by dedicating many late nights and long
weekends to the business, mile high net stores llc has flourished into a trusted source
for specialty decorative paper and commercial safety products.

mile high net stores llc is more than a business. it is a product of a
dedicated family of 4 who worked together in a combination of time
and talent to create a unique business to share with the world. with all
hands on deck, we are constantly striving for quality service and
innovative products for an exceptional ecommerce experience. thankfully,
we have outstanding help from great employees who have become part of the family.

in 2021, rick and jennifer moved their home from colorado to texas and moved the business from colorado to utah. their daughter, lexi, now runs mulberry paper and more and the origami paper shop from utah while rick and jennifer operate safety lights and signals out of texas. together, our family experiences make mile high net stores
llc what it is today. it is not just a business, it is a part of our
family. we work daily to support, expand, and improve our company so we
can offer the very best products and service. by shopping at mile high
net stores llc, you are more than a customer, you are part of our
family. your interest is ours.

welcome to the family!

visit our fun and exciting websites:






mulberry paper and more: this is a site for artists, designers, crafters and paper lovers of all types. we import specialty papers from around the world for use in virtually any art, design or craft application. most of the papers are hand-made from craftsmen using traditional paper-making techniques. enjoy the intricate hand-silkscreened patterns of japanese yuzen paper or papers marbled by hand in thailand, india, france and italy. or find the perfect paper for wedding invitations. you will get lost in our selection of over 1000 different papers. 




the origami paper shop: so you like to partake in the ancient tradition of folding paper into elaborate sculptures? our site dedicated to the art of origami has everything you can think of and more to satisfy your craving to fold. 






safety lights and signals: keep your workplace safe! safety lights and signals provides a myriad of options of flashing, blinking and revolving lights to warn of danger, highlight visibility and to keep workers safe.



























						shopping cart:
						0

items						








		your shopping cart is currently empty. 

	







								discounts:
								



									total:
									$0.00




keep shopping
checkout












loading...


































