






bay area spanish portuguese classes, online courses, language programs

















see our monthly specials!





• on sale
• shopping cart
• my account
• help/faqs

 








 


online courses


online courses
brazilian portuguese
european portuguese
spanish
english for portuguese



books & media


books & media
portuguese
spanish
english for portuguese
english for hispanics



classes


classes
spanish
european portuguese
english for non native speakers
workshops-special topics
ongoing groups
summer classes



study abroad


study abroad
portuguese



news


news
news
study portuguese abroad
maria's language learning
online courses
spanish classes & workshops
learn to speak portuguese



contact us


contact us










	  call or text
    707-746-5979  
       



about maria
press releases
social events
memberships
awards
corporate training
one on one tutoring
ongoing groups
resources



 
follow us on 




















"hola, i have been studying spanish  for five months under maria oliveira. i love her and the instruction she  provides. i signed up for a class, however i get personal tutoring. something i  never expected!
 learning a second language at my age is challenging, however this experience  has been great!  come join us!
hasta luego!"
- cynthia watkins
 
"go maria! speaking, reading, writing, listening. maria covers all the basis in her spanish classes using materials she has developed. i found the classes stimulating and confortable with time for laughter. best of all was the trip to mexico where we worked in small groups, beside the pool, and roamed the town to practice our language skills. many thanks to maria." 
 - liz keiley-roark   
more testimonials


clearance items
we've   slashed our prices up to an additional 75% on our discontinued books and media. buy now  quantities are limited!








new! view our latest trip to the azores.


learn portuguese

free lessons
courses online 
books and media 
live online classes



learn spanish

free lessons
courses online 
books and media 
live online classes



learn english

english for portuguese
english for hispanics
live esl classes





monthly specials




portuguese 
     featured program

conversational portuguese volume 2 
buy now




featured program

spanish for dietitians
        includes 2 cds and the workbook.
$39.95. 
order now! 






conversational portuguese and spanish classes live online
 


portuguese and spanish language classes live online via zoom!  new session will begin october 3rd.  register now!

online language courses
maria's   online language lessons and courses are unique for their convenience   and effectiveness. because they are portable, you can practice wherever   and whenever you have access to a computer. easy to use, our online   lessons are a preferred tool for learning, a fun way to increase your   vocabulary and build your confidence. lessons include vocalizations with   authentic pronunciation, and when you rearrange word lists with the   press of a button, memorization becomes more than a rote exercise; the   new words are acquired completely! â online language courses function   well as stand-alone lessons or as an augmentation to ongoing studies.   sample preview lessons are available.

study online: brazilian portuguese, european portuguese, spanish.
comprehensive lessons for all levels, from beginner to advanced.
current easy-to-use technology emphasizes effective practice skills.
fun and convenient to use from home or anywhere you have internet access. â  

books & media
our workbooks,  cds and mp3 podcasts are an excellent resource for  beginners, intermediate levels, and advanced students of spanish and  portuguese. we also offer programs for spanish-speakers or portuguese-speakers  who wish to learn english. on the cds and mp3 podcasts, authentic native speakers provide  correct pronunciation as they follow the order of your written lessons; the  workbooks offer ample practice opportunities in the form of quizzes,  self-testing exercises, and puzzles. maria oliveira's materials are used in  classrooms and by independent learners because they are successful at teaching  language skills and are fun to use. specialized programs for health  professionals  are approved for continuing education  units. 


new!
 
 
 
 


european portuguese vocabulary vol. 1 
 
european portuguese vocabulary vol. 2
 
european portuguese vocabulary vol. 3



 

 



 
 
 
 
 


practical spanish 
          vocabulary lessons
 
spanish phrases for socializing
 
portuguese medical 
vocabulary



 

 





convenient study tools you can take with you anywhere. 
self-contained complete packages of audio and written lessons for all levels.          
specialized courses for personal and professional needs.
learn spanish, portuguese, or english for non-native speakers.


adult education live online via zoom
maria oliveira's language learning center live online lessons
our adult education classes are a popular  alternative to traditional overcrowded adult schools and now offered live online via zoom.  returning students prefer our small classes because of the personalized  attention to individual learning styles, the friendly but effective teaching  methods, and the variety of languages offered. programs for spanish and portuguese are  some of the languages offered.  free opportunities for practice and socializing in your new language  are frequently offered live online via zoom. 

positive and supportive small group classes.      
fun environment using maria's highly successful original workbooks.
comprehensive language learning at reasonable prices.

study languages abroad with maria
the  perfect way to take your new language skills on the road is by joining maria's  excursions to exotic places. practice with locals after your daily classroom  lessons; tour and dine in fabulous locales, all while polishing your new  speaking skills. language immersion is the ultimate language-learning  experience! 
     

learn to speak portuguese in the azores, portugal 








 
copyright © 2024 maria oliveira language learning, all rights reserved. 

site map
terms and conditions
contact us
press releases
articles
culture







 