


home - atlantic highlands yacht club





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login
 

menuhomeabout us from the bridge board of governors club committees past commodores become a member reciprocitynews & events club calendar send a club news post to club calendar surveyson shore club hours galley-bar ship's storeon the water launch yachting special olympics ahsep 2023 veterans sailing programracing racing overview race registration and nors 2024 ahyc race committee guide rc duty signups crew finder 2024 blue water regatta racing result archive ms raceharbor guide ah harbor guide ah chamber of commerceresources photo albums memorabilia member directory ahyc organizational chart club use forms club documents bog agendas and minutes treasurer’s reports document library forums contact us














slideshow
home page slideshow



 







welcome to the atlantic highlands yacht club
 








founded in 1953, the mission of the ahyc is to attract and bring together dedicated individuals who share a mutual respect for the sea, and to encourage and advance all aspects of boating, yacht racing, and on-water activities, including offering a welcome and safe haven to yachtsmen and yachtswomen who visit the harbor.

located within the protected atlantic highlands municipal harbor in atlantic highlands, nj, ahyc maintains the reputation of being a convenient and popular stopover for boaters cruising or in transit as we are close to sandy hook and new york harbor.

our members and guests enjoy a spectacular view of sandy hook bay and the new york city skyline from our second story club house. the inviting bar is well stocked, and the galley offers varied food menus.

 the atlantic highlands municipal harbor has extensive facilities, diesel and gasoline, transient docks, pump out stations, travel lifts, a launching ramp, showers, tennis courts, skate board facilities, and a recreation area for children. daily moorings and launch services are available may thru october.

within walking distance from the club there are marine supplies and repair shops, a public library, hardware store, auto parts store, pharmacies, a theater, numerous restaurants, banks, liquor stores, and supermarkets. high speed ferry boats make scheduled frequent transits to wall street or mid-town manhattan seven days a week. click on the harbor guide tab for details.



club hours & info
club phone  732 291 1118
dock phone 732 291 3232


the club is open wednesday through saturday at 4 pm, and sunday from 3 pm until 7 pm.

our galley opens at 5:30 pm wednesday through saturday, and from 3 pm until 7 pm on sundays. 

join us for socializing, cocktails and our delicious menu. 

.  
reservations are recommended for friday and saturday dinner service.  call or text our club steward at 732-670-1475 to reserve your table.  feel like joining us for dinner last minute?  we will do our very best to accommodate you.

to view this week's menus, click the link below:

this week"s menu


           

 





 

atlantic highlands sailing education program
ahsep is our junior sailing program. click on the link button to see the latest news about the upcoming season. 
ahsep

join ahyc
we are actively recruiting new members and welcome you to visit our facilities and meet our members.  click on the link button to access the ahyc membership application. 

membership application 2025
health and wellness news from the sick bay
 be sure to check sick bay messages for the latest from our fleet medical officers.


sick bay news april 14 2021

sick bay news april 18 2021

sick bay messages

reserve your mooring at ahyc 
we have teamed with dockwa, so now visitors to ahyc may reserve a mooring in advance. click on the link below for all the details.

make your reservations through dockwa

launch






launch subscription form 2024












 


upcoming events 
 





upcoming events










weather forecast links



 noaa national data buoy center
 coast guard navigation center
 national weather center


 windfinder.com
atlantic highlands tides
davidson laboratory maritime forecast



















our boater friendly sponsors















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









