





new haven chorale – many voices as one









































































 


facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
email
 


 








 toggle navigation



about
gala
concerts
support
join
outreach
listen
contact
press


search for:



 










the new haven chorale
many voices as one

hear a recent performance!





















celebrating song | creating community | changing lives  











join us! 



we’re looking for a few good singers. click here for audition information. 






audition











meet us! 




 

 










support us! 



we can’t do it without you. click here to see how you can contribute. 






donate
































what sets us apart 



the new haven chorale is an auditioned, volunteer chorus devoted to serving the greater new haven community through outstanding choral music. our performances have been described as “electrifying” and “deeply moving,” we are as committed to supporting other non-profits and creating educational initiatives as we are to commissioning new music and showcasing connecticut composers. a devotion to artistic excellence, nurturing local musicians and sustaining community has kept the chorale unique and dynamic for over 70 years! 











 



“the program was put together with such artistry—as a listener i was brought on a journey …” 







 



“i thought and felt emotionally moved to heights and depths that music does not usually move me. i was overwhelmed with the beauty of it.” 







 



“beautifully performed. the music and voices transported the listener. thank you. bravo!” 












we kept singing! hear our virtual performances here. 











high notes 



 


















				holiday concert: music for the soul			











				celebrating our 75th anniversary			











				new haven chorale ends season with remembrance			











				black history month: voices of prayer and power			











				season of peace and joy			











				remembrance and resilience			











				peace, light and a full house			











				mourning, rejoicing…returning			











				heeding the call			











				the triumph of the human spirit.			







 


















thanks to our generous sponsors: 





 

 

 





 











join our email list!
subscribe to our newsletter and keep up to date with chorale events












thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.

 i agree to have my personal information transfered to mailchimp ( more information )
		
we will never give away, trade or sell your email address. you may unsubscribe at any time.














find us
we welcome your feedback and inquiries!
po box 1897new haven ct 06508  (203) 776-song (7664) email: business@newhavenchorale.org 






home
blog
choristers’ page
hestia | developed by themeisle 






























































