













condo vacation rentals on cape cod, ma









































 menu
overview
units
gallery
vacation ownership
owners
check rates
 












discover 



















book now! search rooms for rates and availability
					


arrival





departure





adults



1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8




children (2-17)



-
1
2
3
4
5
6
7




 check rates












						welcome to					

						brewster green resort					

enjoy the natural beauty of cape cod from our spacious two or three-bedroom condominium at the award-winning brewster green resort.
onsite you will find indoor and outdoor pools, exercise room, tennis, shuffleboard, playground, and much more.
nearby discover the beauty of the national seashore, nickerson state park, cape cod rail trail biking, historic lighthouses, whale watch cruises, golf courses, and wonderful restaurants from fried clams to fine dining.
come, enjoy the comfortable accommodations and test the knowledge of our experienced friendly staff.
we look forward to your visit to brewster green resort! click here for property map
 
 service animal  policy
day-use policy



















							our units 

							come and stay with us at the brewster green resort 

							if you are looking for excellent accommodations, the brewster green will not disappoint you.
from our location, you will be able to easily take advantage of all that cape cod has to offer. 



































									2 bedroom unit								



		1200ft2







 

two bedroom unit ranging *from 1128-sq-foot (105-sq-meter) to 1200-sq-foot (111-sq-meter), featuring a king size bed in the master bedroom and two twins in the guest room. the unit includes a full kitchen, full size washer/dryer, a queen sleeper sofa, and one or two bathrooms. two flat screen tv’s are located in the unit; one in the master bedroom and one in the living room. the suite is equipped with a/c, high speed wifi connectivity, dining area, fireplace in the living room and a patio with a weber charcoal grill. this room has a maximum occupancy of six and sleeps four privately.






									3 bedroom unit								



		1568ft2







 

1568-sq-foot (146-sq-meter) unit featuring a king size bed in the master bedroom and two twins in the other two rooms. the unit includes a full kitchen, dining area, living room with fireplace,  a queen sleeper sofa, and two bathrooms. 2 flat screen tv’s are located in the unit; one in the master bedroom and one in the living room. the suite is equipped with a/c, high speed wifi connectivity, full size washer and dryerfireplace and a patio with a weber charcoal grill. this room has a maximum occupancy of 8 and sleeps 6 privately.














						reviews					

						what our guests are saying…					










a lovely, quiet getaway
									brewster green is a great place to stay! it features roomy modern condos that are well-appointed. we even had a fireplace, which was very welcome as it is april, yet still chilly, especially in the evenings. the area was quiet and peaceful; near a nice little village and a lovely beach. this is a great central place to say while exploring the cape.									
    


										sashagirl99 - tripadvisor.com									










perfect!
									perfect place to spend holidays, with very good facilities and extremely welcoming staff.									
   


										andrejge - tripadvisor.com									










great resort
									one of the best resorts on the mid cape... i've been going to brewster green resort for 36 years.. yes, i have been an owner from 1981.. the resort is well kept up and the amenities are great for a family both young & old.									
    


										john l - tripadvisor.com									















brewster green resort
 203 lund farm way
brewster, ma 02631






















contact
resort: 508.896.7551
reservations: 800.228.2968








home
contact us
get directions
privacy policy


 copyright ©
					2025  - brewster green resort. all rights reserved. site by ionicnet 





   












