





getgood strategic marketing





























 




 skip to content skip to primary sidebargetgood strategic marketingmarketing roadmaps blog
privacy & disclosure
gdpr/ccpa compliance
speaking & video

marketing workshops
two truths and a lie


about

clients


contact
customer-centric marketing that drives revenue
getgood strategic marketing helps organizations build brands and drive revenue with customer-centric marketing strategies that engage the consumer, build community, enhance loyalty and drive purchase. we connect you with the audiences that love you through compelling storytelling, authentic influencer endorsement and marketing strategies that tap into the passion customers have for products and services that address their needs. 
practice areas: 

marketing strategy development and execution – we can help you develop your marketing strategy soup to nuts, or simply pitch in to help with execution. we have particular expertise in content marketing, influencer engagement, thought leadership programs, digital and native advertising, branded content, social media, direct/email marketing, collateral development, event marketing, customer insights, ftc compliance and performance analytics.
influencer marketing strategy & execution – we can help with it all. strategic alignment of your influencer strategy with your marketing goals, campaign and program design (including performance metrics), identification and recruitment of influencers, program delivery and results analysis. we can also advise on best practices for integrating influencer marketing and advocacy programs into your overall content marketing and digital strategy to achieve greater return on all your investments.
content ecosystems – now more than ever, it is critical to identify and satisfy your proprietary audience. content publishers, whether media companies or brands, must build and own a proprietary audience for their content, one that cannot be acquired anywhere else. we’ll help you develop and execute a strategy to build and keep your audiences engaged in your content ecosystem with subscriptions for premium offerings, podcasts, branded content, events, newsletters, social engagement and community development. bonus: content can be both the product and the promotion, especially when it comes to top-notch branded content and influencer/community-oriented marketing. 
social media & community management – whether you are just getting started and need a comprehensive community development strategy, simply need resources to cover a short-term social media management need, or want someone to take over community management full stop, we’ve got you covered.
performance audits — already engaging with influencers or creating branded content and not sure if your programs are performing as well as they could? a performance audit can surface opportunities to improve your strategy and/or tactical execution. we analyze the past programs and make recommendations on how to better achieve your kpis.
workshops — in addition to strategic counsel, program execution and performance audits, getgood strategic marketing offers full-day hands-on workshops that can get your team pointed in the right marketing direction. sometimes, these sessions turn into longer term engagements; others, your team has what it needs to run with it on their own.

your first hour is free!
spend one hour with us on the phone or face to face. we’ll share actionable strategic insights that you can use right away, with no further obligation (although we do hope you’ll retain us!) call 617.967.0169 or email sgetgood@getgood.com 
reader interactionsprimary sidebar activating the passion that consumers have for the brands they love and turning them into your advocates is the secret sauce to identifying and converting new customers as well as increasing the loyalty of retained customers. 





 marketing strategy
influencer marketing
content marketing
social media
community development
thought leadership
digital/native advertising
media strategy
performance analytics/audits
ftc compliance



genconnectu course: influencer marketing for brands

download the course.  use code susan10 for 10% off.
genconnectu course: influencer marketing for influencers

download the course.  use code susan10 for 10% off.
copyright © 2025 · infinity pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in




manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent












