







	ekyros.com, inc.


















			{1}				
			



##loc[ok]##







			    {1}				
			    





##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##


















(469) 293-3079

schedule a demo!















                                    home 




                                    product 




                                                    centerpiece
                                                



                                                    office scheduler
                                                



                                                    client module
                                                



                                                    donor module
                                                



                                                    staff module
                                                



                                                    client portal
                                                



                                                    mobile intake
                                                



                                                    document storage
                                                



                                                    reporting & analytics
                                                



                                                    video training
                                                



                                                    schedule a demo
                                                



                                                    prc statistics
                                                



                                                    testimonials
                                                





                                    pricing 




                                    sign up! 




                                    partners 




                                    company 




                                                    contact us
                                                



                                                    our mission
                                                



                                                    privacy policy
                                                




member login
                                    



login to centerpiece


login to pluslink


















client portal
released!



                               
                                hipaa compliant secure messaging and conversations.  
                                share scans, cine-loop clips, documents, and lab results.  
                                request appointments with pluslink integration. view point balance and class history!
                               
                            





mobile intake
                            



                               
                                speed up the check-in process by allowing
                                your clients to complete intake forms and
                                sign consent forms online!
                               
                            










centerpiece



                                
                                a client, donor and staff management
                                solution designed for pregnancy centers.
                                supports desktop, tablet and mobile devices!
                            











client management
                                has you covered



                                our client emr module gets you out from behind the computer
                                so you can spend more time with your clients.
                            











grow your ministry
                                with donor management



                              
                                donor management keeps you connected with your
                                donors and helps you meet your center's fundraising goals.
                            










powerful analytics



                                developed on top of an enterprise-grade
                                analytical data engine. a must for grant writing! 
                                never question your numbers again!
                            





















 powerful tools, services and consultation to help your center save more lives, and enable a united voice for life.



ekyros.com has been serving the pregnancy resource center (prc) ministry through it's center management software solution called centerpiece™ since 1999.  centerpiece supports the challenging demands of christ-centered prcs around the globe, allowing them to spend more time on their core mission of saving lives.  check out the links below to learn more about centerpiece and the services we offer to help your center take it's operations to the next level.








manage client activities

            streamline your center's operations by utilizing centerpiece to schedule center appointments, track client cases, input medical forms, merge duplicate files, track group classes, and more.
                                   
            learn more »






manage donor activities

            manage major giving, annual giving, planned giving, events, sponsors and supporters. integrate with quickbooks.  easily generate receipts, statements, pledge reminders, campaign tracking and more.  
            learn more »






manage staff & volunteers

            track staff and volunteer contact information, manage follow-up, and track services performed.  provide user-defined access to centerpiece to lock down your center's sensitive information.
            learn more »










hipaa security & privacy

           client chart audit trail - who viewed, created, deleted, or modified records (with before and after values).  login audit report.  restrict logins by ip address, ssl encryption, document storage at rest (aes-256-bit), enterprise class data security facility, baa agreement, and role-based security.        





lock medical forms & notes

         add our charted medical forms & notes to the client file, and securely lock them preventing editing and deleting by other users. give your medical director remote access to review and electronically sign ultrasounds scans.  print limited ultrasound report..
            learn more »






upload & store documents

            upload scans, images, video clips, and documents.   all files are encrypted at rest using aes-256 bit encryption, meeting hipaa phi compliance regulations.
        learn more »









mobile intake

            send electronic intake and consent forms to clients prior (or during) check-in at your center.  supports english and spanish.  clients complete and sign the forms electronically from their own device (or a center furnished device).  this reduces data entry helping your center achieve its paperless office goals. 
            learn more »






sms text integration

           send out hipaa compliant sms text messages to remind clients about upcoming appointments right from within the centerpiece scheduler.  text intake and consent forms to clients to be completed and returned on their own device.                                
            learn more »






reporting and statistics

            report on appointments, client/medical services, donor information, staff information, as well as national group reports.  perform detailed analysis on your data to show demographic trends.  powerful drill-down allows validation of data.  reports are real-time, and the statistics database updates every 2 hours.  this level of reporting is unmatched by competitive products.
            learn more »









pluslink call center integration

            increase appointment referrals to your center through pluslink's network of national and regional call centers, including heartbeat international's optionline and options united.  referrals are integrated within your center's scheduler.  created, powered, and maintained by ekyros.                                
            learn more »






pluslink website appointment integration

            allow your clients to book hipaa compliant appointments online by adding the pluslink plugin directly to your website.  free to ekyros customers, no additional fees for 3rd party plugins required!                             
            learn more »






application integration

            download and post gifts received online from stewardship technology, egiving.com, ministrylinq, and ministry sync to your donor files in centerpiece.  download transactions directly into quickbooks eliminating duel entry.
            learn more »










client portal: hipaa compliant messaging

          communicate with your clients securely through hipaa compliant messaging and conversations.  the portal allows clients to securely read and reply to messages sent from your staff.
            learn more »






client portal: document sharing

          share image scans, cine-loop clips, consent forms, documents and lab results with your clients.  the portal allows clients to view and download the shared documents to their personal device.
            learn more »






client portal: view appointments, points & more

         the portal allows clients to view upcoming appointments and request new appointments (through pluslink integration).  new appointments appear in your centerpiece scheduler just like appointments booked online from your website.  the portal allows clients to view their points balance earned by completing education and training classes.  
            learn more »





announcements






                
                        quickbooks online integration released!
                    

                    happy new year!  we are pleased to announce the availability of the new quickbooks online connector. please review the release notes under the help tab in centerpiece.  
                




january 06, 2025 12:45 am
 
                    
                




                
                        new member from ca!
                    

new member!  welcome to centerpiece and our growing online community of christ-centered pregnancy centers!
                




february 11, 2025 6:57 pm
 
                    
                




                
                        new member from il!
                    

new member!  welcome to centerpiece and our growing online community of christ-centered pregnancy centers!
                




february 10, 2025 9:19 am
 
                    
                




                
                        new member from sc!
                    

new member!  welcome to centerpiece and our growing online community of christ-centered pregnancy centers!
                




february 10, 2025 7:44 am
 
                    
                
















91,979
at risk abortion minded clients chose life!

29,927
confirmed babies saved!
(since 2004, updated daily)
learn more













69,004
                                    clients made a profession of faith! 
(since 2004, updated daily)
learn more










join our growing online community of
                                    
                                    life affirming pregnancy centers with over
1,800
                                    offices and mobile units worldwide!
our mission














po box 93496
 southlake, tx 76092
phone: (469) 293-3079
fax: (972) 816-7706
email: sales@ekyros.com













about us

                        ekyros.com, inc. was formed in 1999 to support christ-centered pregnancy resource
                                centers (prcs).
                    

                        in case you are wondering about the name, kyros is a greek new testament word meaning
                                “a god-given favorable opportunity.” the “e” stands for “electronic.”
                    

                        by leveraging cutting-edge technologies and the collective  statistics of over 1,600 centerpiece centers, ekyros.com is able to provide a united voice for life by demonstrating the effectiveness of prcs in changing hearts and minds towards a culture of life for the glory of god.
                    









ekyros.com corporation. all rights reserved.  copyright 2025










 refreshing...
        




