



































center for global & regional environmental research






















skip to main content

the university of iowa 



search 




 







 


center for global & regional environmental research

main menuannual reports









  
 johnson county supervisors approve healthy soil resolution 
 
the resolutions involve the following three provisions: promoting and incentivizing (primarily through the auspices of soil and water conservation) a.) reductions in rates of application of herbicides, pesticides and fertilizers, b.) reductions in tillage passes, and c.) annual, randomized soil testing in public rights-of-way.

read more...

  





















education and outreach



at cgrer, we believe coping with environmental change requires objective research data to make informed decisions.
though we're a research institute first and foremost, we also stress education and outreach efforts to help iowans better understand the environmental challenges we face. we aim to provide research findings on key environmental impacts to decision-makers at all levels, so that they may make more informed choices. 
read more about 






features




  
 iowa climate statements 
 2023 - it’s time to tap iowa’s vast solar energy resources
 
 read more... 
   

  
 cgrer on the radio archive 
 cgrer partnered with iowa radio stations to air a weekly radio segment called the iowa environmental focus. 
 read more... 
   

  
 cgrer research focus archive 
 cgrer has produced an informational video series focused on highlighting the research of university of iowa graduate students and faculty members. 
 read more... 
   

 









 









connect with us:
 




connect with us:
twitter
facebook
youtube



center for global & regional environmental research
the university of iowa, 424 iatl, iowa city, ia 52242
		college phone number: 319-335-3333
		contact us via e-mail here.
		© 2020 the university of iowa, iowa city, ia. all rights reserved

 

 






