











home - missouri press association

























      saturday, february 15, 2025    





                search              



                missouri public notices              



                contact us              



                jumbl              















missouri press association
serving missouri newspapers since 1867








toggle navigation




main menu






home




                  about 




                        contact us                      


                        missouri press association                      


                        missouri press foundation                      


                        missouri press service                      


                        mpa past presidents                      


                        mpa/mps board information                      


                        membership                      


                        mpa constitution & bylaws                      


                        the journalist's creed                      


                        find a newspaper                      





                  services & programs 




                        jumbl                      


                        hotline attorney/legal column archives                      


                        public notices                      


                        job bank/marketplace                      


                        sunshine coalition & resources                      


                        postal help                      


                        missouri press service                      


                        journalism education                      


                        flash news!                      


                        links                      





                  publications 




                        e-edition                      


                        bulletin                      





                  contests & awards 




                        better newspaper contest                      


                        missouri press advertising and marketing executives                      


                        missouri photojournalism hall of fame                      


                        missouri press hall of fame                      





                  mo press foundation 




                        donate                      


                        society of 1867                      


                        become a page builder                      


                        planned giving                      


                        missouri press foundation internships                      


                        newspapers in education                      


                        mpa museum                      


                        monument                      


                        documentaries                      


                        golf tournament                      





                  mo press service 




                        advertising placement                      


                        digital advertising solutions                      


                        public notices                      




                  convention                


                  events & current forms                

























						don't delay!					








help mpa plan better events for you!



 









missouri press day at the missouri school of journalism



march
14,
2025


reynolds journalism institute
columbia, mo




27


days remaining until this event



27
days remaining until this event



missouri press day at the missouri school of journalism






reynolds journalism institute
columbia, mo





 







						check this out!					


















							a-mark foundation is offering $15,000 for missouri's best investigative reporting						


						the a-mark prize for investigative journalism will award a first-place prize of $5,000 to the winning journalist and $2,500 to their news organization. second place awards $3,000 to the journalist  …					











 




read the magazine




 




february 2025 missouri press news


view this issue



													browse other issues
											





read this week's ebulletin.











weekly statewide network ads






download statewide classified ads


download the statewide 2by ads



missouri public notices






find missouri public notices here.



sort your newspaper's info with jumbl






           login to jumbl.           


poetry from daily life



poetry from daily life: start with a memory then let imagination roam





			60-plus poetry columns, free for mpa members to republish.			


 




association news






						carpenter media group to purchase salem publishing					


					carpenter media group announced jan. 27 that it has reached an agreement to acquire the assets of salem publishing company, a 75-year-old family-owned media company with deep roots in south central  …				








						semo press holds special sales training in cape					


					southeast missouri press association held a special sales training jan. 30, at the rust center for media in cape girardeau. the agenda included idea sharing and featured sessions with mark millsap, former general manager of the jefferson city news tribune and current executive director of tennessee press association.				








						nominations for mpa’s top awards due march 31					


					nominations for the missouri newspaper hall of fame and william e. james outstanding young journalist are available to fill out on the missouri press website, www.mopress.com. 

 each form contains  …				





			read more association news			












legislative news



mpa legislative update: week 6: house & senate continue progress despite weather




mpa legislative update: week 5: floor activity begins in the senate




mpa legislative update: week 4: state of the state address outlines budget priorities




mpa legislative update: week 3: committee hearings begin




mpa legislative update: week 2: kehoe inauguration and legislative committee assignments announced





			read more legislative news			


 




capitol report






capitol report 2/14/2025
missouri news network this week includes coverage of topics that have been common in recent years at the capitol: changing the initiative process, immigration crackdowns, gender and teaching of critical race theory.





			get more capitol reporting			








mo. news network






state lawmakers are lining up to join the immigration battle
state lawmakers across the united states are considering bills that would deport millions of people who are in the country illegally.













members' views






do i hear bells? why, yes you do
if you have the opportunity to visit leader world headquarters in festus, be sure to ask someone, “what’s the deal with the bells?” we’d love to demonstrate the power of a  …








investing in the history and identity of your home town
for years, i heard the same complaints about local newspapers: “there’s never anything in the paper” or “why print a paper when everything is online?” but when chariton  …








what’s in the water in mountain view?
when was the last time you saw a water report for the city water in mountain view? if you are a faithful reader of this publication, the last time you saw it in print here was june of 2021. in  …





			see what else mpa members think.			








notebook






february 2025 notebook
on the move

 joplin — katherine miller has been named publisher of the joplin globe. the appointment is somewhat of a homecoming for miller, who is a native of joplin and began her career  …








january 2025 notebook
sweet springs — in late december, the herald marked its 150th anniversary with a celebration in downtown sweet springs. community members attending the event shared the stories the newspaper  …








december 2024 notebook
on the move 

 joplin — dr. chad stebbins, who is set to become missouri press association’s next executive director in january, was inducted into the missouri southern state  …





			past mp news notesbooks			








death notices






bobby duffy
robert “bobby” duffy, 79, died feb. 7, 2025, at barnes-jewish hospital after a battle with cancer. 

 a graduate of washington university, duffy joined the st. louis post-dispatch in  …








joe whittington
joe whittington, 82, a retired columnist at the st. louis post-dispatch died jan. 10, 2025. 

 whittington joined the post-dispatch in 1976 and held a variety of roles with the newspaper over the  …








dennis sharkey
dennis sharkey, 50, of kansas city died jan. 10, 2025, one day after his birthday. 

 most recently, sharkey was a sports reporter for the platte county citizen in platte city. he also had  …





			find more obituaries here.			












foundation news






nie features available to use during black history month
february is black history month and missouri press foundation has multiple newspaper in education features you can use this month. 

 topics available to your newspaper include features on the  …








missouri press foundation meets in jefferson city




2024 better newspaper contest results announced
2024 better newspaper contest results announced winners of the 2024 missouri press better newspaper contest were announced saturday afternoon, sept. 21, in springfield as missouri press  …





			read more foundation news			








find us on facebook

facebook







newspaper features


media literacy: measure the quality of a message

media lit is a big part of civics. people, young and old, need to validate their news sources for balance and accuracy. this feature will guide you on easy steps to do this. study it and learn to be  …




			read more features			
















                  802 locust st. columbia, mo 65201
                          phone: 1-573-449-4167



sections



                  about                


                  services & programs                


                  publications                


                  contests & awards                


                  mo press foundation                


                  mo press service                


                  convention                


                  events & current forms                





helpful links


              jumbl            


              find a newspaper            


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 












        © copyright 2025 missouri press association      

powered by creative circle media solutions









