




job reference, background checking & employment verification services


























  


























	
	 
    
	

 
	








questions?
	call (800) 890-5645

allison & taylor inc.
do you know what your former boss will say about you?









order now

reference check
reference & credential bank
background check
background screening
pre-employment screening
cease and desist letters
prices


c-suite


samples

sample reference lists
view sample reports



wrongful termination

age discrimination
bad boss
discrimination
sexual harassment



trusted services


power mini references
grow my paycheck
benefits - horizon advisers



client login

job seekers
attorneys
job professionals
corporations/recruiters
















reference checking service and background check services
serving north america, europe & australia
trusted and recommended since established in 1984







the problem - bad references?
documented job reference check - $79
find out precisely what a past employer will say about you, giving yourself employment guidance and peace of mind.  we make actual phone calls to your former bosses & hr. conducted discreetly, our reference check process gives your reference's word-for-word commentary, viewable in your private, secure online account. over 53% of those called do not honor policy.
reviews 

order now



the remedy
cease & desist legal letter for bad job references - $395
the most commonly-used remedy for a negative reference. issued by licensed attorneys with a documented 99.7% success rate!
reviews 

 order now



the problem — bad or incorrect data?
your personal background check - $99view your own background check before applying for new job, renting a home, or a new date. see what they will see about you! control your data. over 70% of background checks contain some form of data error.  ensure your data is correct and see what employers see when they run your report!  usa residents only. view the exact type of report employers use, more info.
						
order now




 




complimentary initial consultation! contact us today.(800) 890-5645




learn more about our service





nationally recognized career counseling, resume writing, job reference checking and background checks for over 40 years!

allison & taylor has over forty years of experience in professional  reference checking cease and desist letters and detailed employment verifications you can trust. our reference checking services have been nationally recognized on cbsnews.com, netshare.com, forbes magazine, wall street journal, nationjob.com, glamour magazine, new woman magazine, worth magazine, the detroit news, and the st. petersburg times just to name a few! 
career partners
allison
                          & taylor partners with professional
                          companies and websites including careerjournal.com,
                          6figurejobs.com, cbsnews.com,
                          job.com,
                          resumedirector,
                          and more.  
we are committed to building lasting relationships built on trust with leading websites, so that together we can continue to assist job seekers, build traffic and grow revenue. allison & taylor inc. looks forward to the opportunity to discuss this with you in greater detail.  partner
                          with us today!
our  job reference checking offers an accurate way to confirm that these job references will enhance your chances, rather than stand in your way of securing the position you desire.  one of the most common reasons job seekers are rejected for positions today is due to bad job references from their former employer.   

employee background checks
 can help job candidates
							get hired or promoted. job applicants and existing
							employees can be asked to provide background checks.
							for some jobs, employee background screening is
							required by federal or state law. allison & taylor
							has experience in conducting extensive employee
							background checks that are compliant with the fair
							credit reporting act.







live help

free e-book!






























			if the below fields are visible, ignore them.



 accept terms?

























about us | timeliness | faq | reference checking services | contact us | affiliates | blog | media

the nation's leading provider of employment verification and reference checking since 1984.

	
	© 1999 - 2025 allison & taylor reference checking145 south livernois road
rochester hills, michigan 48307 usa









call us toll free  
(800) 890-5645
privacy policy | questions or comments




































the material provided on this site is meant to be informative or illustrative. no description, language or communication provided or stated on this site is intended to provide legal advice or is to be construed as providing any legal opinion or conclusion, or advice of legal rights regarding any matter, including past, present or future claims or causes of action, under federal or any state law.

no link, reference or referral made by allison & taylor constitutes a guaranty, warranty or representation of the quality or professional standard of any services rendered or to be rendered.
   





