





lisa morton – author, halloween expert, paranormal historian…what's next?


















































home
fiction

novels
novellas
collections
anthologies
short fiction
graphic novels


non-fiction

halloween
paranormal
film
articles
interviews


media

podcasting
movies
special effects
theater


fun stuff

free reads
halloween
paranormal
the septo cemetery
photo albums


ghost report
about lisa

gallery
media appearances
blog
newsletter
contact


 








search for:



 







home 


lisa morton is a screenwriter, author of non-fiction books, and prose writer whose work was described by the american library association’s readers’ advisory guide to horror as “consistently dark, unsettling, and frightening.” she is the author of four novels and 200 short stories and is a world-class halloween and paranormal expert, and her awards include the bram stoker award, the rondo hatton award, and the black quill award. her latest releases include calling the spirits: a history of seances and the art of the zombie movie. recent short stories appeared in best american mystery stories 2020, final cuts: new tales of hollywood horror and other spectacles, and classic monsters unleashed. she has appeared on such popular shows and podcasts as shock docs, coast to coast, npr’s throughline, cnn’s margins of error, and chinwag with paul giamatti and stephen asma, and is also the host of the weekly ghost report podcast. lisa lives in los angeles and online at www.lisamorton.com.




my new paranormal newsletter is now ready to haunt your inbox! this will be a paid journal, but the first issue is free – enjoy!

read now




most recent releases



the art of the zombie movie
nominated for the bram stoker award and winner of the rondo hatton award


spine tinglers

placerita




buy now




buy now




buy now







on sunday, october 6th at 3 pm, i’ll be signing videotapes from hell (i contributed a piece on something weird video) at dark delicacies.



i’ll be attending stokercon in stamford, connecticut, june 12-june 15, 2025.


 
follow me!lisa at bookshop.orglisa’s novels at booksradarfind lisa’s books at amazon

recent posts


spine tinglers


placerita


how to put together a zombie art book in no easy steps


the stokercon 2023 keynote speech


the art of the zombie movie


free readsthe edgewise guide to filmmaking
“hallowe’en in blue and gray”
“sparks fly upward”
a few podcastschinwag
cnn’s margins of error
npr’s throughline
spine tinglers
“the devil came to mamie’s on hallowe’en” at pseudopod
“the devil” from monsters of l.a.
linkslisa at imdb
lisa at wikipedia
lisa at the bram stoker awards
horror writers association
iliad bookshop
  
















			copyright © 2025 | mh magazine wordpress theme by mh themes 






