










days out, flying experiences & adventures | from £29 






















 














my account
my account
my cart







help centre
logout






























                                            menu 





flying

aeroplane flying lessons
helicopter flying lessons
helicopter rides
aerobatic flights
flight simulators
private helicopter tours
private helicopter charter






clay shooting
falconry
rail tours
special events
accommodation
offers

















business status: click here to see our current statement.











 





choose an experience...
aeroplane flying lessons air shows clay shooting vouchers falconry experiences flight simulators helicopter flying lessons helicopter rides rail tours 







choose a location...
ayrshire bedfordshire berkshire buckinghamshire cambridgeshire cheshire clare cork cornwall cumbria derbyshire devon donegal dorset durham east riding of yorkshire essex gloucestershire greater manchester hampshire herefordshire isle of wight kent kerry kinross-shire lanarkshire lancashire laois leicestershire mayo meath merseyside newport north yorkshire northamptonshire northumberland nottinghamshire oxfordshire perthshire powys renfrewshire shropshire somerset stirlingshire surrey tyne and wear vale of glamorgan warwickshire waterford west lothian west midlands west sussex 


















let's go


                                    book my voucher
                                    


                                    date search
                                    


                                    special offers
                                    


                                    flying lessons
                                    


                                    helicopter rides
                                    


                                    helicopter lessons
                                    


                                    clay shooting
                                    


                                    falconry
                                    


                                    accommodation
                                    


                                    london by helicopter
                                    




our partners

virgin experience days
buyagift
red letter days
activity superstore
into the blue



testimonials




superb birthday present.
                                                    yesterday i had my flight over newcastle city, it was amazing. from the time i arrived, everything was well organised, the staff were helpful and very organised. the flight itself was superb, our pilot was great, and pointed out various locations as well as updating us on speed, altitude etc. i would definitely recommend this experience to anyone.
                                                


paul fookes





great experience, worth every penny.
                                                    had a great flight with bip. beautiful clear sky and the plane was great, very easy to fly.
                                                


bill carr





clay pidgeon  shoot
                                                    this was very good and the tutor  was brilliant  well worth it
                                                


alan_rumsey





great experience
                                                    we loved the experience but it was all over pretty quickly.
                                                


lisa





amazing intro to shooting experience
                                                    myself and my partner came for an intro to shooting experience, which she had bought for my birthday. i'd done it briefly once before as a work experience, but this was my partners first time. our instructor david was brilliant, patient and knowledgeable - so much so that he coached my girlfriend into beating me! we'll definitely be looking to come back soon, and would recommend this as an experience to anyone thinking of trying shooting for the first time.
                                                


nicholas lowndes





lovely experience
                                                    great experience,loved sitting in the front too .
                                                


karmjit dhesi














                                            uk's number 1 provider for:
                                        

                                            flying experiences
                                        

                                            clay pigeon shooting
                                        

                                            falconry
                                        

                                            celebration cottages
                                        




                                            uk's largest helicopter pleasure flying company
                                        

                                            over 50 locations across uk and ireland
                                        

                                            established in 2002
                                        

                                            company owned helicopters and air operator certificate
                                        




                                            farmhouse group accommodation
                                        

                                            2-28 guests self catering
                                        

                                            unique 16th century farmhouses
                                        

                                            event space for up to 250
                                        








                                    book my voucher
                                







upcoming events










experience
location
date
price





city of london private helicopter tour from surrey

camberley
sun 16 feb 2025 - 13:00

 
                                                                £649
                                                            
 



insight to becoming a helicopter pilot

camberley
sun 16 feb 2025 - 13:30

 
                                                                £199
                                                            
 



aeroplane pilot double flying lesson

cheltenham
sun 16 feb 2025 - 14:00

 
                                                                £125
                                                            
 



aeroplane pilot land away double

cheltenham
sun 16 feb 2025 - 14:00

 
                                                                £259
                                                            
 



clay shooting package

falkirk
sun 16 feb 2025 - 14:00

 
                                                                £59
                                                            
 



aeroplane pilot double flying lesson

cumbernauld
sun 16 feb 2025 - 15:00

 
                                                                £125
                                                            
 




show more






who are we?


adventure 001 experiences offer a wide variety of unusual, innovative and exciting days out, tailored to any budget and have been featured many times on tv and radio.
from corporate teambuilding, stag and hen parties, helicopter experiences, shooting days, falconry events and so much more - we are a perfect one stop shop for your unforgettable, unique day out.
with nationwide venues, we can offer bespoke experiences across the whole of the united kingdom, with a sense of adventure wherever you go. read more about us here...



watch our video












days out, experiences & adventures














flying experiences


if it flys we do it. helicopters, aeroplanes, microlights, gliders, vintage planes, aerobatic flights and even gyrocopters!

view more





shooting experiences


wanna fire a gun? who doesn't. get to grips with a double barrelled shotgun with our clay pigeon shooting experiences. pull!

view more





group & corporate


from corporate teambuilding, hospitality and varied entertainment to private and public group events, we are your one stop events shop.

view more


















×close
available dates




success:















package















please select a location: 





open dated voucher (valid for  months)






















open dated voucher (valid for  months)

















 








 















close



















help

help centre
faq
redeem gift voucher
become an affiliate



information

about us
as seen on tv
terms & conditions
privacy policy
charity



aoc details
commercial air transport operations by:

northumbria helicopters (aoc number gb2257)




we accept
















© 2010 - 2025 adventure001 ltd. all rights reserved.













×close
select my voucher type




click on the logo to book or manage a buy a gift voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a virgin experience days voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a into the blue voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a activity superstore voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a flights 4 all voucher:




please follow the instructions on your itison voucher or help centre




click on the logo to book or manage a red letter days voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a track days/fly days voucher:





click on the logo to book or manage a groupon voucher:




please follow the instructions on your neoffers.co.uk voucher or help centre




please follow the instructions on your viator voucher or help centre




click on the logo to book or manage a travel zoo voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a allgifts.ie voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a central helicopters voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a experience gift scotland voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a hull aeroclub limited voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a the price is wight voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a my ideals voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a wonderdays voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a time out group plc voucher:




click on the logo to book or manage a adventure001 voucher:






close





































