




macquarie capital | macquarie group



















































































insights




insights
as a global specialist in sectors ranging from renewables and infrastructure to technology, resources, commodities and energy, macquarie has deep expertise and capabilities in these areas.
explore our insights


topics


climate change


commodities


energy


industrials


investing


infrastructure


market commentary


technology and services








about




about
we are a global financial services organisation with australian heritage, operating in 34 markets.
learn about us




news


company


community


environmental, social and governance






corporate governance


board of directors


executive committee


risk management






macquarie asset management


banking and financial services


commodities and global markets


macquarie capital








investors




investors
we offer our investors a track record of unbroken profitability.
visit our investor centre




results and presentations


dividends


debt investors


reports






other securities


regulatory disclosures








careers




careers
we believe in a workplace where every person is valued for their uniqueness and where different views and ideas are embraced.
explore careers


life at macquarie


why macquarie


operating and central service groups


our people


benefits and wellbeing


our inclusive workplace




programs


graduates and interns




apply


search jobs


applicant login


recruitment process


faqs


contact our team








region selectorhk




regions
please select your region


                                  australia and new zealand
                                  

australia


new zealand




                                  americas
                                  

brazil


chile


mexico


united states




                                  asia
                                  

china


china (中文)


hong kong sar


india


indonesia


japan


japan (日本語)


malaysia


philippines


singapore


south korea


south korea (한국어)


taiwan


taiwan (中文)


thailand




                                  europe, middle east and africa
                                  

austria


belgium


czech republic


denmark


finland


france


germany


iceland


ireland


italy


liechtenstein


luxembourg


netherlands


norway


poland


south africa


spain


sweden


switzerland


united arab emirates


united kingdom








login




login


corporate and institutional



macquarie connections


macquarie markets


macquarie sprint


research




macquarie bank
follow the links to find the logins you’re looking for:


personal and business customers


advisers


brokers










search















menu



































company
macquarie capital











connecting ideas to capital
macquarie capital is a global advisor, investor and developer. we partner with businesses, startups and governments to connect ideas to capital and help drive innovation, growth and create real-world impact.
through pairing our unique capabilities in advisory, capital markets, principal investing, development and equities with deep sector expertise, we find innovative ways to unlock growth for our clients over the long term and also address areas of unmet community need alongside our partners.
























                          $us108 billion
                      




worth of transactions in the half year ended 30 september 20241






















                          1st 
                      




in institutional investor’s 2024 asia pacific (ex-japan) regional/local broker ranking2






















                          no. 1 in apac
                      




financial adviser of the year3

















our impact






























case study
supporting the growth of indonesia’s ev value chain

























case study
supporting the growth of a global copper producer

























case study
improving the quality of digital connectivity in communities across india














our insights
























how the stabilising global economy is shaping opportunities for growth in 2025
the stabilising global economy and some easing of key challenges that defined recent years are creating a more constructive outlook for businesses to pursue strategic investments and access capital.





learn more



































perspective
all eyes turn to 'the india decade'

























perspective
how digital infrastructure investment could support economic prosperity 

























perspective
powering indonesia’s digital ecosystem

























perspective
delivering digital financial inclusion in southeast asia

























perspective
dry powder at the ready: how private capital is accelerating innovation at scale














our services
a full spectrum of capabilities to help uncover opportunities for businesses, entrepreneurs, governments and investors across 12 key sectors: aerospace, defence & government services; consumer, gaming & leisure; critical minerals & energy; financial institutions; healthcare; green energy; infrastructure; industrials; real estate; services; technology; and telecommunications & media.









                                        mergers and acquisitions advisory
                                    
 







we advise clients on strategic and financial issues including m&a, divestments, takeover responses, debt and equity financing, capital management and restructuring.
macquarie capital is the no. 1 apac financial adviser3, no. 1 global infrastructure financial adviser4 and no. 1 global financial adviser in energy transition.5












                                        principal investment
                                    
 







utilising macquarie’s balance sheet, our principal finance team invests alongside our clients and partners and provides flexible finance solutions to support transactions, develop assets, build businesses and create investment platforms. 
find out more about our principal finance capabilities
discover the private equity investment europe team
learn more about our unique venture capital solutions 












                                        development and investments
                                    
 







a pioneer in project finance, our infrastructure and energy capital team develop and invest in infrastructure and energy projects and companies, with a focus on transport, social and digital infrastructure. they also provide specialist expertise in complex transactions and emerging markets and opportunities.












                                        private capital markets
                                    
 







a dedicated team with specialist capability working with global institutional investors on private capital transactions across both debt and equity markets and unlisted and direct investment opportunities. 












                                        equity capital markets
                                    
 







a leading underwriter of equity issuances, with access to the expertise and global distribution strength of macquarie group.












                                        debt capital markets
                                    
 







debt advisory, underwriting and lending services across the full spectrum of debt markets, products and sectors.












                                        equities brokerage
                                    
 







we’ve been active in equities markets for more than 25 years, providing clients with access to award-winning equity research, sales, corporate access and execution capabilities. 
find out more about our equities brokerage capabilities




















equities sales, research and execution 
discover our equity research, sales, trading and execution capabilities.






learn more
































principal finance
find out how we can provide bespoke solutions and capital to help you realise your strategic objectives.





learn more













our people























we’re here to enable opportunity for our clients and communities. we combine specialist advice and our own capital to solve problems and to create new possibilities. we are passionate about building a better future, with a focus on technology and the energy transition.”





michael silverton
global head, macquarie capital






learn more about michael silverton and macquarie in this podcast

























article
vinella mendonca: from tech support to equity sales






















article
suresh ganapathy: supported to redefine what’s possible for his career and family life
















recent news








                    macquarie capital enhances aerospace, defense and government services coverage with appointment of david farkas to managing director
                


            new york
            
            27 january 2025
        







                    macquarie capital expands industrials advisory coverage with senior chemicals hire leland harrs
                


            new york
            
            15 october 2024
        







                    macquarie capital and partners complete transaction to create one of the largest independent tower companies in the philippines
                


            philippines
            
            16 september 2024
        







                    macquarie capital equities appoints new us head of technology research and expands coverage to healthcare services 
                


            new york
            
            12 september 2024
        







                    macquarie capital names steven westerback to lead  secondaries advisory for financial sponsors
                


            new york
            
            10 june 2024
        










contact a specialist

















dealogic and ijglobal for macquarie group completed m&a, investments, ecm and dcm transactions converted as at the relevant report date. deal values reflect the full transaction value and not an attributed value.
institutional investor’s 2024 asia pacific (ex-japan) research results. achieving the highest number of 28 winning positions in all 12 countries/regions (including frontier markets)
‘ijinvestor awards 2024’, ijglobal, november 2024
ij global (cy23 by deal value)
inspiratia fy2023 energy transition league table report by deal volume.
























disclaimer


this information is a general description of the macquarie group only. before acting on any information, you should consider the appropriateness of it having regard to your particular objectives, financial situation and needs and seek advice. no information set out above constitutes advice, an advertisement, an invitation, a confirmation, an offer or a solicitation, to buy or sell any security or other financial, credit or lending product or to engage in any investment activity, or an offer of any banking or financial service. some products and/or services mentioned on this website may not be suitable for you and may not be available in all jurisdictions. all securities and financial products or instrument transactions involve risks. past performance of any product described on this site is not a reliable indication of future performance.




follow us





























macquarie bank


discover


contact




© macquarie group limited


important information


disclosures


privacy and cookies


manage cookie settings


sitemap














