


house plans | home blueprints belk design and marketing llc



































cart





                    quick contact: 830-730-0246  
                    
                        








 
belk design and marketing llc






advanced search
browse collections
services
texas collection
about us
contact us









                
                
                
                







house plan search



square footage

		                    to
		                        






		                        # floors
		                    

all
1
2
3


		                       # of bedrooms
		                    

all
1
2
3
4
5+







		                        plan number or name
		                    














 new
                    













  bedrooms
1
2
3
4
5+

  baths
1
2
3
4+

  stories
1
2
3






example of exterior presentation model only


the "nacogdeches" house 39-17



the "nacogdeches" house plan 39-17

example of the complete modeling process


house on the river plan 57-06



house on the river plan 57-06

good morning! 
benefiting from more than 30 years of design experience, larry belk designs has developed a reputation for award-winning custom residential design.
	    click here to learn more about us...

looking to view or buy our house plans securely? click here.
want to view a gallery of our on the drawing board? click here.
interested in customizing a predrawn belk design? click here.
want to work "one on one" with larry to custom design your dream home? he designs custom homes of all sizes and styles in every region of the usa. click here.

friday, october 7, 2022
new plans!!  44-17  sierra springs  western farm house style  4405 square feet.
4 bedrooms.  4 baths 2 half baths.  3 car garage. 

plan 31-36 sierra vista  farmhouse style with lots of views. 4 bedrooms including 2 primary bedrooms.  4 baths  1 half bath.  3 car garage.

plan 29-51 turquoise trail  southwest design with views in every direction.  3 bedrooms  2 baths  1 half bath   3 car garage.
click here for more what's new...
plan of the week
44-11 — 4,290 sq.ft, bedrooms: 3, baths: 2, floors: 2, width: 151'-6"


		2 huge game/media rooms (1 on main floor and 1 in basement)
see more larry belk plans go to more.larrybelk.com


heirloom...
a personal possession handed down from generation to generation in a family.
at larry e. belk design we are committed to providing your family with a true homeplace -- one that reflects your unique sensibilities -- one that can be passed down from generation to generation. classic styling, meticulous attention to detail and long lasting quality distinguish our home plans. all of our home designs are custom crafted by larry e. belk, faibd, whose home designs are featured in prominent national publications including better homes and gardens, house beautiful, good housekeeping, hanley wood publications, and many more. 
begin your legacy of distinctive home ownership today. let us share our timeless designs with you. please contact us to place your order for home plans and home plan books. 
larry e. belk, faibd
			 larry e. belk designs
830-730-0246




		            architectural styles
		        

beach
colonial
contemporary
cottage
country
craftsman
european
farm house
french country
mediterranean
southern
traditional
victorian


		            see all
		        


		            house plan collections
		        

bonus rooms
large plans
luxury plans
mountain
narrow lot
new plans
open floor plans
small plans
split bedroom
top selling
two story
vacation plans


		            see all
		        




residential planning • 3d modeling • estimating





home • 
		                         search • 
		                         browse collections • 
		                         services • 
		                         texas collection • 
		                         shopping cart 
contact us • 
		                         about us • 
		                         privacy policy • 
		                         copyright notice



copyright © belk design and marketing llc. all rights reserved. belk design and marketing would like to take this opportunity to clarify the copyright laws for house plans. copyright and licensing of house plans exist to protect all parties. it respects and supports the intellectual property of the original architect or designer. belk design and marketing holds the copyrights to all images and house plans on this site. the law prevents anyone from reproducing or reusing illustrations, house plans or working drawings by any means without written permission from belk design and marketing. the purchase of a set of house plans does not transfer any copyright or ownership interest except for a one-time license for the purchaser to build the home. thank you for allowing belk design and marketing the opportunity to be part of your home plan dream.



		 

    


