














national institute of design




















en | 
हि


























frequently searched items

campuses
faculty





about

mandate
director's message
history of nid
campuses

nid act, rules, ordinances and statutes


annual reports



academics


programmes


international programmes


resources


knowledge management centre



nid press


centre for teaching and learning


academic notifications


curriculum objectives




study at nid


admission process


life at nid




people


governing council


nid senate


faculty


staff


alumni




services


continuing education programme


integrated design services




research & development


intellectual property rights cell


innovation center for natural fiber


international centre for indian crafts (icic)


center for bamboo initiatives


railway design center


smart handloom innovation centre




 


























national institute of design (nid) is internationally acclaimed as one of the finest educational and research institutions for industrial, communication, textile and it integrated (experiential) design. it is a statutory institute under the dpiit, ministry of commerce and industry, government of india. it has been recognised as an 'institution of national importance' by the act of parliament, by virtue of the national institute of design act 2014. it is also recognised by the department of scientific and industrial research, government of india as a scientific and industrial research organisation.


quick links

pariksha pe charcha 2025
one time window
live streaming
the 43rd convocation
announcement admissions
admissions








news & events
featured









																				attham rocking chair
																			

																				mr.abhijith sasikumar from the batch of 2021 mdes furniture & interior design has won an honorary mention in the international design awards, in the category home and living/furniture for his graduation project.
																			








																				design of invitation box for republic day at home 2025, rashtrapati bhavan, new delhi
																			

																				nid has received the prestigious opportunity to work on the invitation kit development and production of it for 2025 republic day at home event at rashtrapati bhavan. the overall theme of this year for the event is southern state of india. dr. ashok mondal, the director nid ahmedabad and mr. susanth c s, dean nid bengaluru, had many rounds of presentations and discussions with the official at rashtrapati bhavan before finalising the concept of box and the products to be placed inside the box.
																			








																				inviting applications for proof of concept (poc) grant under ssip 2.0
																			

																				inviting applications under the student startup & innovation policy (ssip 2.0) for proof of concept (poc) support, for students working on innovative projects and have commercialization prospects. 
																			








																				admissions 2025-26 for b.des. & m.des.
																			

																				admissions 2025-26 for b.des. & m.des. is now open. to apply visit https://admissions.nid.edu.
the last date for submitting the online application is extended upto: 1100 hrs. friday, 06 december 2024.
																			







all







close



















name of the event  ahmedbad campus | 12 oct 19 - 12 jan 19 



the identity of this book edited by the late i.s. mathur is established by its leitmotif—training the teachers of design or educating the design educators. this book is divided into three major sections—‘retrospection’, ‘introspection’, and ‘perception’. a mélange of thoughts, experiences, and anecdotes expressed by alumni, faculty both former and present, and artists—this book touches upon poignant issues which can influence the spread of design education across design schools/institutions in india.
the identity of this book edited by the late i.s. mathur is established by its leitmotif—training the teachers of design or educating the design educators. this book is divided into three major sections—‘retrospection’, ‘introspection’, and ‘perception’. a mélange of thoughts, experiences, and anecdotes expressed by alumni, faculty both former and present, and artists—this book touches upon poignant issues which can influence the spread of design education across design schools/institutions in india.






 






useful link


careers @ nid
right to information
nid alumni data registration
knowledge management centre
tender@nid
covid-19 dash board
vc for online public grievance
india report




initiatives
national design business incubator
young designers
placement
alpavirama




contact us

info@nid.edu
cmr@nid.edu +91 79 2662 9500 /2662 9600
					










collaborations

 
 
 
 

 








					all rights reserved					 © 2025 national institute of design					
					last updated: 25-nov-2024
				

privacy policy | terms & conditions | sitemap
















