



thermodynamics research center
- thermophysical properties division, nist



















thermodynamics research center
trc supplies thermodynamic properties tables, thermophysical
properties data, models, standards and research for industry, public
health and safety, and the environment.





trc home
contact information



group leader:
 chris muzny
 nist, 647.01
 325 broadway
 boulder, co 80305-3337

phone: (303) 497-5549
fax: (303) 497-5044

    chris.muzny@nist.gov



data entry facility
 
guided data capture

 
thermo data engine

 
thermoml

 
thermoml opener

 
thermoml updater


electronic data products

nist trc data products available through the nist standard reference
data program: (srd)


 thermodataengine
(tde) 103a - pure compounds only
 thermodataengine
(tde) 103b - pure compounds, binary mixtures, ternary mixtures, and chemical reactions

web thermo tables
     (wtt)

       - lite edition
     



web thermo tables
     (wtt)

       - professional edition
     


 clathrate hydrate physical property database
 ionic liquids database
 thermoplan -
software aid for experiment planning
 thermolit -
nist literature report builder for thermophysical and thermochemical
property measurements
 catalog of all nist databases


about trc


historical narrative
former
directors
trc people

nist links

 applied
	chemicals and materials division
 mml
 nist
 nist boulder labs






for over 70 years, trc has produced a great number of periodical
compilations and electronic databases that have become source data for
scientific research and industrial process design.  subject areas
include thermophysical properties and transport properties of pure
compounds, binary mixtures, ternary mixtures, and chemical reactions,
as well as properties for classes of materials representing particular
needs in academia, industry, and government such
as clathrate
hydrates, and ionic
liquids. the goals of trc are to establish a comprehensive archive
of experimental data of well-defined composition and be a
comprehensive source of critically evaluated data.

functions

  located in boulder, co, trc group performs several
  functions related to providing state-of-the-art thermodynamic data:


    compiles and evaluates experimental data
  

    develops tools and standards for archival and dissemination of
    thermodynamic data, especially critically evaluated data


    develops electronic database products
  

    maintains a web-repository of published data in thermoml —
    an xml format developed by trc for the representation of
    thermodynamic data
  


critically evaluated data

an important and useful aspect of our work here at trc is to provide
critically evaluated data.  critical evaluation is a process
of analyzing all available experimental data for a given property to
arrive at recommended values together with estimates of uncertainty,
providing a highly useful form of thermodynamic data for our
customers.  the analysis is based on intercomparisons, interpolation,
extrapolation,and correlation of the original experimental data
collected at trc.  data are evaluated for thermodynamic consistency
using fundamental thermodynamic principles, including consistency
checks between data and correlations for related properties.  while
automated as much as possible, this process is overseen by experts
with a great deal of experience in the field of thermodynamic
data. professional staff are responsible for the evaluation of each
set of data that is committed to the archive.


for many years trc delivered a variety of periodicals containing
evaluated data for various types of chemical systems.  in the last 15
years we have produced a new generation of software products
implementing the concept of dynamic data evaluation developed at nist
trc, such as the nist thermodata
engine, web thermo tables, 
thermoplan, and thermolit.  these products are broadly
used in industry, academia, and government, supporting engineering
applications such as chemical process and product design, model
development, and experimental planning for thermophysical property
measurements.


a critical resource is our extensive in-house collection of published
thermodynamic and thermophysical properties, the source data
system. all of the data catalogued for critical evaluation by trc are
stored in this data system. an important aspect of trc's mission is to
continue to expand this collection to make it as complete a repository
as possible for all published thermodynamic and thermophysical
property data.


this comprehensive mission is the evolution of the role of trc as a
source of thermodynamic data.  for information on trc's history see:


a
brief history of trc

former directors of trc



thermoml: xml-based standard for data storage and exchange

efficient and reliable data dissemination is also at the core of our
work and is the driver for our development
of thermoml as a
standard format for data storage and exchange. we are currently
partnering with five major journals to encourage authors to submit
their data for validation as part of the publication process. to
further this cooperation we have created automated tools as part of the
software infrastructure supporting the thermoml
standard: guided data capture
(gdc) provides guidance for data processing, 
thermoml opener 
allows direct viewing of the data and metadata contained in a thermoml file,
and thermoml
updater automatically converts files originally formatted in
accordance to the 
thermoml
recommendations 2006 to formats correspoding to the
thermoml
recommendations 2011. all data submitted to nist trc through
participating journals are publically available through
our thermoml archive.


thermoml is a new standard for
thermodynamic data communication that was initially developed within iupac
project 2002-055-3-024: xml-based iupac standard for
experimentally and critically evaluated thermodynamic property data
storage and capture, and later extended under the iupac
    project 2007-039-1-024: extension of thermoml - the iupac standard for thermodynamic data communications.  the namespace,
thermoml, has been reserved by iupac.

tde: thermodata engine

nist trc created the thermodata engine (nist tde), the first software
product implementing the concept of dynamic data evaluation.
this concept was itself formulated at nist trc.  tde is available in
two editions: standard reference database 103a
- thermodataengine
- pure compounds only, and standard reference database 103b
- thermodataengine
- pure compounds, binary mixtures, ternary mixtures, and chemical
reactions.  the thermodata engine
software provides critically evaluated thermodynamic and transport
property data on demand using an expert system to extract data from
the trc source data archive.

wtt: web thermo tables

this product provides the most up-to-date source for critically
evaluated thermodynamic data.  it is available in two versions:
a professional
edition and a lite edition.  both
are available by subscription through the nist standard reference data program
(srd). wtt -
professional edition represents a complete collection of
critically evaluated thermodynamic property data primarily for pure
organic compounds. as of november, 2011, wtt contains information on
23,399 compounds.  wtt
- lite edition represents a collection of critically evaluated
thermodynamic property data for 150 commonly-used (primarily organic)
pure compounds.

thermoplan

the thermoplan web
application provides support for experimental planning.  it
provides free and open access for the broader research community to
the experimental planning utilities that are incorporated into
thermodata engine (tde). tde provides recommendations for the relative
merit of a proposed measurement via assessment of the existing body of
knowledge, including availability of experimental thermophysical
property data, variable ranges studied, associated uncertainties,
state of prediction methods, and parameters for deployment of
prediction methods. the web applications provides utilities for the
assessment of specific property measurements for pure and binary
chemical systems, the broader data needs of pure systems, and
recommendations for binary mixture measurements that could extend the
current unifac model.


the primary focus of this recommendation service is molecular organic
compounds. some common inorganic and organometallic compounds are
included, but, in general, polymers, radicals, ions, salt and acid
solutions, metals, metal oxides, and inter-metallics are not
considered. 

thermolit  the thermolit web
application provides free and open access to literature
information contained in the nist source data archive 
[int. j. thermophys., 2012, vol. 33, no. 1, p. 22-33.]
and provides an easy-to-use tool
for generation of a nist literature report in pdf format. the tool is
intended to aid researchers and reviewers in determining relevant
literature sources for a given thermophysical property measurement;
however, it is not intended to replace the comprehensive literature
review required by all journals, and no guarantee is made regarding
completeness of the information provided. the primary focus of this
service is molecular organic compounds. some common inorganic and
organometallic compounds are included, but, in general, polymers,
radicals, ions, salt and acid solutions, metals, metal oxides, and
inter-metallics are not considered.  




please send comments and suggestions to
   chris muzny, trc director
  
    <chris.muzny@nist.gov>.
  



privacy policy 
/ 
security notice 
/ 
accessibility statement 
/  disclaimer 
/ 
freedom of information act (foia)

nist  is an agency of the 
u.s. department of commerce




