






pics – your partner in technology 1-609-702-3920



























 





menu








												pics											



												your partner in technology 1-609-702-3920
											 
 
 
 

pics our company history
 




professional implementation consulting services, inc.pics itech - computer support - managed itpics doclib - business process automation

 

how we can help you?we can help you with automation, talent, tools and expertise to get better results from your business.



 



				business process automation


					doclib and formtrap software  – business process automation and workflow through document and output management.				





 



				outsourced it management


					it leadership, hardware and software sourcing  centralized services, system and network administration and help-desk services to make the most of your technology investment.				





 



				managed security and compliance


					leading security technologies, deep network and security expertise with round-the-clock monitoring, management, and remediation.  				





 



				managed backup and business continuity


					holistic solutions for data backup, computer image hard drive backup and complete business continuity.   				

  over 20 years working with qad and providing solutions for mfgpro userssee how can we helpabout picshelping clients around the world since 1995pics has the right people, strategy, and tools to ensure the success of our clients' business initiativesour 20+ years of working with forward-thinking companies across the globe gives us the technical expertise and business acumen to help your organization conquer your challenges.
as a leading business process automation and it outsourced managed services firm, we provide hardware, software, consulting, systems integration and manage services for fixed fee pricing.
pics has the right people, strategy and tools to ensure the success of our customer technology initiatives.   we provide a full range of skills needed to direct and deliver a successful solution, including strategic direction, business analysis, it management, systems design, application development and systems integration.
we build lasting relationships with our clients and feel every company in our market would be better off with the technologies and services we provider.  furthermore, we believe that we are the best provider for them.
peopleour people are the keyprocessscalability and repeatabilitytoolsa full featured remote toolsetlearningcontinuous  training and knowledge sharing    our management teamour management team has a combined 105 years at pics.  here are four of them that make up our steering commitee







							richard rosenthal						

						co-founder











							what rich does: oversees the development, sales & operations groups for es.

interesting/fun fact about rich:  terry & i met and worked together at qad.  i was the application support manager and he was the technical support manager. we founded pics with qad’s blessing in order to do all of the qad installations in north america. that morphed into our consulting business and finally where we are today.
						










							terry rossi						

						co-founder
















							what terry does: oversees the service, sales & operations groups for pics itech.
interesting/fun fact about terry:  his hobbies include spending time on the water, boating with his family and keeping abreast of the latest trends in technology.   he is an iphone guy.  he is just starting to podcast and learn photography.
						










							brian atchison						

						chief revenue officer











							what brian does: responsible for generating  revenue!
sales management, new business development, account management and consulting for the enterprise software & itech division. 


interesting/fun fact about brian: you will not catch me on the couch! yep, not the one to talk to about netflix or tv shows. enjoy being on the run all of the time.
						










							gary pasky						

						vp – product  development











							what gary does: manage product development of pics software products. primarily doclib. gary also provides support for doclib implementations, optimization development.

interesting/fun fact about gary: testing for his 5th degree black belt in shorin-ryu shorinkan karate later this year.
						


 testimonialswe want you to be our next testimonial 

				enterprise level it professionals! as the it director of a 130 user manufacturing company, i was looking for an it partner that was experienced with customers our size and understood the demands we had. pics itech has exceeded my expectations and provided us with great it service and support. we first implemented the pics itech s.a.v.e.s business continuity appliance (www.itechsaves.com) and then soon after hired them to set up and configure microsoft exchange 2010 and 2008 active directory. pics itech has proven to be a great it partner for us and will be for years to come. i would highly recommend pics itech to any business large or small.


			







												chris zecca					


						it manager – worldwide manufacturer
					


 
 

				the itech service has been a great asset to active environmental. working with the itech team has greatly enhanced our ability to respond to our customers and it has improved the quality of life for our employees.  we have implemented a secure mobile computing environment as well as greatly improved the stability of our network.
			







												mike iles					


						president – environmental engineering and  contraction firm
					


 
 

				doclib has been a positive addition to our company process because it has made storing and searching for documents so much easier.
doclib is used in many areas of our company including customer service, shipping, accounts receivable, accounts payable, production and billing.   i feel it has increased our employees productivity allowing them to focus on serving our customers’ needs.
			







												kyle mcquimby					


						controller – otc pharmaceutical manufacturer
					


 
 

				time and again for over 10 years pics/itech has been the backbone of making possible what it is we do. without the service that keeps us up-and-running, the fore-thought in planning the resources for our future stability, and the (not-so) occasional “panic attacks” that we put you through; our people and our systems would be in big trouble. 

thank you for always being there! pics itech remains a valued member of our team.
			







												warren plank					


						director – sales and marketing
					


 
 

				“the relationship with pics itech has made us more innovative. it has given us the confidence to expand our ideas for how we want to run our business and serve our customers. and it has given us the ability to engage with our customers in a whole new way, as an adviser, which engenders their trust and improves the relationship.”
			







												joe sapp					


						associate director, association management services division
					


 
 

				quick response and worked with gareth today and on several other occasions, great guy! worked with many other companies over the past twenty plus years at my last job. well above any other company i have worked with. keep up the good work!”
			







												michael delorenzo					


						safety coordinator
					


 
we can help your company get the most from technologysee how we can help 



get in touch 




























send message

 





 
 





46 high street - mt. holly nj 08060sales@pics.com1-609-702-3920 























							copyright 1995-2016 professional implementation consulting services, inc.  all rights reserved worldwide					


 
 








