






















































x — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































happy_bivouac
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














happy_bivouac







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







entries

friends

calendar

memories









 





x
x













                        april 10th, 2006 02:36 am
                        







drabble: boys be (grra/al)i am jack's poor sense of timing.200 words, au season six, before the unfortunate meeting with mr. ruiz.  i've always found otto sanchez strangely attractive.  is his lazy eye real?  i can't remember if it was there in that one episode of svu.boys behe comes in fucked out of his mind.  miguel looks up from the bottom bunk and thinks:  at least his pants are still on.or not.“the fuck you doing,” miguel asks, “trying to give everyone a show?  i’m telling you, man, no one’s interested in what you got.”guerra laughs.  “this shit, man, you gotta-“ big fucking grin on his face as miguel shakes his head.  whatever.then guerra’s on him, and miguel freaks out until he feels a tongue down his throat and a pill in his mouth and he’s missed human contact so fucking much.  takes it, until he remembers the where and the who.“calmate,” guerra growls, and miguel’s thinking about glass walls and parole and maritza.  he’s not a maricon.  he bucks up into the body above him and finds a hand waiting for him, cupping him there, and his hips stutter into it.“ain’t nobody watching us anymore.  they’re all dead.”  grinds the heel of his palm down and rides out miguel’s whine.  his lazy eye trails off to the side, but his good eye looks straight at miguel.  maybe it’s the drugs, but there’s- something.fuck it.  closest thing he’ll get in oz.tags: oz fic 2















                        april 10th, 2006 01:17 am
                        







drabble: education (al/muk)random alvarez/mukada drabble for the new icon: 'you'll never learn.'  because mukada never ever will.  woobie.100 words, post-season six.education:you see him around, sometimes, always floating around the corner of your vision- (never headfirst anymore, not since he stopped coming to mass).  he slinks around the edges, like he’s finally found some way to escape to somewhere else, only he’s.  less.  there’s no more color in him.  he blends into the walls now.it’s the new drug, you’re sure.  the stuff that alonzo (and he smirked when you tried talking to him, all clacking nails and coy glances) is using to win over oz.  destiny.you wait for the day they wheel miguel into the hospital.  you keep praying.tags: oz fic 

















                        january 3rd, 2006 12:09 am
                        







fst: songs to sleep to, zoe/washfst-ing it up with a zoe/wash centric post.movie (serenity) spoilers for those of you that care.tired, now.  that came roaring out of my brain last night and well.  thank god i'm on break, although it probably wouldn't have occurred to me to make one of these if i wasn't.i kind of want to make an eyeshield 21 ep, now. hmm.tags: firefly, fst, zoe/wash state of affairs:  tired















                        august 13th, 2005 02:45 am
                        







happy (lunar) valentine's day!although it's two days late, since it fell this year on the 11th.in any case, it got me to thinking about the pairings i like, which prompted me to create a ranked list.top ten1. musashi/hiruma (eyeshield 21)2. hiruma/rui (es21)3. hanamichi/anyoneyouhei (slam dunk)4. haha brothers (es21)5. saitou/sanosuke (rurouni kenshin)6. ichigo/renji (bleach)7. mitsui/miyagi (sd)8. seifer/zell (final fantasy 8)9. taikoubou/bukichi (houshin engi)10. kimblee/archer (full metal alchemist)the pairings that i like tend to stand the test of time; i usually stick with the same pairings from the beginning to the end of my involvement in a series.  their ranking in my list is fairly fluid, though, and changes in respect to what i've read recently, both manga and fic-wise.  for example, i just read through all of rk recently, which explains why that pairing ranks so high, despite the fact that i haven't given much thought to it in a few years.another interesting observation is that i tend to like pairings where the partners are at (usually violent) odds with each other, so it's funny that my favorite pairings in both es21 and sd go against that.this list is a fairly accurate depiction of my favorite characters in each series.  with a few notable exceptions, i apparentely like them loud, brash, and stupid.the list also reflects other factors, including my interesting in fanwork for that pairing, and also my current feelings for the series in question, which explains a lot about how low ichigo/renji is ranked.  i've never really been all that interested in bleach fanart, but searching out nice japanese art sites for es21 sometimes drives me to distraction.  i'm not sure whether that's indicative of eyeshield's small english fandom (although bleach is arguably fairly small when it comes to producing fanwork as well), or of my actual interest in the series, but there you go.this list does not reflect my interest/ability in creating fanwork for the pairings in question.  it's strange; i really enjoy plotting/writing fic for ichigo/renji, though it is only #6.  a lot of why i don't fic for eyeshield, though, is because so little of it has been translated that i don't feel i have a good hold on the characters' voices.  i don't think you can really ever get a good hold of voices in manga, though, because the nitty-gritty of dialogue is subject to the whims/talent/artistic license of the translator.and because i felt bad about not having any real content in this post, i stared at word for a few hours and hacked out drabbles for some of the pairings above.( cut for eyeshield pr0ncollapse )tags: eyeshield 21 fic, pairings, reflection 5

















                        august 8th, 2005 11:33 pm
                        







eyeshield 21 character essay/reflection: haha bros.because i wanted to write this down and sort out my thoughts, and because redheadtensai urged me on (...yay icons!  >_>;;;).likey to be a bit rambly, and there will definitely be spoilers up through volume 13 of the manga.  this will also be written on the assumption that the reader isn't that familiar with the story, so a lot of summarizing will occur.( startcollapse )tags: character essay, eyeshield 21, reflection state of affairs:  curious15

















                        august 8th, 2005 02:02 am
                        







right.so redheadtensai is generous and good and has gifted me with a paid lj which will guilt me into updating more.  ...i hope.anyways!  *is rui to koji's hiruma* *...is yasu to koji's harumichi!11**ducks* 1

















                        august 8th, 2005 12:32 am
                        







bleach: college!au (1/?)958 words;for 30_kisses theme 29, the sound of waves. ichigoxrenji, per usual.  part of an au idea i've been kicking around in my head for awhile, and which is likely to be a multiparter.  as the "title" implies, it's college au.  or, er, more specifically, college varsity athletes au.  ...yeah, sports manga owns my soul.  and of course, knowing me, it's short and fairly cryptic.  hah.disclaimer: not mine.---------( startcollapse )tags: bleach, college!au, fic 9















                        july 9th, 2005 02:32 am
                        







bleach: insomnia, ichigoxrenji629 words;for 30_kisses theme 1, look at me.  ichigoxrenji, as in finally something other than gen.  in some strange au that has both rukia and renji in the human world after the events of the last arc, ostensibly under the guise of asking urahara about the long lasting effects of the gigai (and of course renji is loathe to see rukia leave his sight so soon).  ...i put too much thought into tiny little one off fics.disclaimer:  not mine.---------( startcollapse )tags: 30 kisses, bleach, fic 15

















                        july 7th, 2005 12:17 am
                        







bleach:153 words;written for 15minuteficlets.  very loosely based on the theme.  it's matsumoto, after the events of chapters 180-1.  vaguely gin/matsumoto if you squint and have poor vision to begin with.disclaimer:  not mine.---------the crash of glass on the floor wakes her up.  her hand darts instinctively to her side, and a few seconds pass before she realizes there is no threat.  she watches, dully, as the empty sake bottle rolls along the wooden floor.she shifts a bit, and winces, immediately contrite.  her head hurts, and the bitter smell of alcohol wafting from the remains of their binge makes her stomach turn.her eyes adjust to the darkness of the room, and she stares out, sleepless and alert.  she feels strangely alone; the conflict is over, and she misses more than the weight of her zanpakutou at her side.sleep grudgingly comes to her, sometime in the early hours of the morning.  she wakes up, and swallows both the medicine and the tea at her side.  the room is spotless, she notes with a little suprise, and the rustling of papers ushers her into slumber.tags: bleach, fic 















                        july 1st, 2005 12:38 am
                        







fandomsa brief introduction to what i like about the fandoms that i'm involved in.  massive amounts of incoherent fangirling ahead, as it is late and i am giddy off of both exhaustion and heat.  also, spoilers for the lastest chapters in all fandoms.might be edited in the future, to include new thoughts and also to make it more structured.( bleachcollapse )( eyeshield 21collapse )( houshin engicollapse ) ( one piececollapse )tags: bleach, eyeshield 21, fandom, houshin engi, one piece 4









entries

friends

calendar

memories









 


































