       
	medical device contract development manufacturer | scapa healthcare
                                   










blog
news & events 
 search 


























technologies



                    core technologies
                



                    medical adhesives
                


scapa healthcare hydrocolloids


scapa healthcare hydrogels


scapa healthcare acrylics


scapa healthcare silicone gels




advanced materials


skin care topicals





                    market ready solutions
                



                    consumer bandages
                


hydrogel consumer bandages


hydrocolloid consumer bandages





                    advanced wound dressings
                


hydrogel advanced dressings


hydrocolloid advanced dressings




ostomy supplies & accessories


device fixation






capabilities



                    contract manufacturing
                


formulation, compounding & blending



                    adhesive coating
                


scapa soft-pro® adhesives




slitting


laminating


high precision cutting


converting & assembly


liquids and powders filling


printing


packaging


logistics solutions





                    development services
                


research & development


regulatory affairs



                    product design
                


additives


adhesive frames


flexcore 


flexpore


medifix solutions




graphic design 


lab testing


microbiology testing


sterilization


project management






markets


advanced wound care


consumer wellness


medical device & fixation




resources


blog


infographics


whitepapers


case study


literature




about us



                    locations
                


dallas, texas


knoxville, tennessee


orangeburg, new york


windsor, connecticut


gargrave, united kingdom


ramsbury, united kingdom




sustainability


quality certifications


careers


corporate





contact            













search









 














contract development manufacturing simplified
scapa healthcare is the trusted strategic outsource partner for leading healthcare and consumer companies. we are now part of mativ

                                learn more
                            






previousnext




get to know scapa healthcare

we are the strategic healthcare and consumer medical device outsource partner you can trust. we collaborate with top global medtech companies to design, develop and
manufacture innovative skin-friendly fixation and skin care topical solutions for advanced wound care, consumer wellness and
medical device fixation applications. our
competencies include:










medical adhesives








advanced materials








market ready solutions








research & development










converting & assembly








liquids & powders filling








packaging








sterilization services








featured technologies










                    hydrocolloid technology
                

scapa soft-pro® hydrocolloid technology is a type of medical adhesive that contains gel-forming agents, ideal for acute and chronic wounds, ostomy and med device fixation.
learn more










                    topical solutions technology
                

custom topical wound care solutions and consumer skin care products with the optimal  dosage levels of active ingredients and raw materials to achieve premium results.
learn more










                    sterilization services
                

we provide gamma irradiation services for a variety of medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumable products of different densities, dose requirements and material composition.
learn more








who we are





locations








sustainability








quality & regulatory affairs








news









markets we serve







                    advanced wound care
                

we
understand the complexities of wound and ostomy management and all
stages of the healing process. our broad range of technologies and
capabilities allow us to deliver unique wound care, ostomy  and skin topical solutions to enhance people's.quality of life.
learn more










                    consumer wellness
                

today's consumers are looking for products that allow them to
address their unique personal care needs from the comfort of their own home. we partner with leading companies to create innovative solutions to address consumers' unmet needs.
learn more










                    medical device & fixation
                

chronic diseases and new lifestyles have led to the adoption
of wearable devices to manage overall health with real-time data. our expertise
in medical-grade skin adhesives and advanced materials allow us to develop
custom fixation solutions to meet specific end user requirements.
learn more












latest posts










understanding and treating mild acne with skin care topicals and hydrocolloid adhesive products

acne is a skin condition most people experience at some point in their lifetime. it’s estimated that acne effects 80-90% of teenagers in the western world. 

                read more »
            








leveraging electronic sensors in smart wound dressings



                read more »
            








design considerations for adhesive pulse oximeters blog 

pulseoximetry has modernized healthcare with its ability to monitor the oxygen saturation of hemoglobin in arterial blood in a continuous and non-invasive manner. learn more about how to improve the manufacturability of these medical devices. 

                read more »
            








importance of microbiology testing in medical devices

april ambridge, head of quality, uk, at scapa healthcare, shared her thoughts about the growing market demand for microbiology testing services and how scapa healthcare uniquely provides the expertise and suite of services required to help its customers succeed. 

                read more »
            







 



             design, development, manufacture
        
your trusted strategic outsource partner



   





scapa healthcare is now part of mativ, a worldwide leader in speciality materials. at mativ, we believe in the potential of what we can do, together, to improve life for people everywhere, every day.corporate website






navigation




            - technologies
        



            - capabilities
        



            - markets
        



            - resources
        



            - about us
        



            - contact
        





europe





                                gargrave, north yorkshire
                                bd23 3rx
                                united kingdom
                            



+44 (0) 1756 747 200





north america





                                2565 bertelkamp lane
                                knoxville, tn 37931
                                usa
                            



+1 (865) 584-8273










copyright © scapa 2025. all rights reserved.

legal and privacy policy |
                terms of use |
                terms of sale |
                terms of purchase






have a question? contact us

                    
