













  <$blogmetadata$>
















...the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind...


...scotch makes you feel the way you ought to feel without it...

  


	 
     barley is last in long line of distillery cats
	 
    


barley is last in long line of distillery catstwo centuries of tradition have been broken at the world's most northerly scotch whisky distillery with a decision not to replace the resident ginger tom at the end of his nine lives. barley the cat, the latest in a line of what may be the oldest family of distillery cats, was killed in a road accident this week. due to health and safety considerations, managers opted not to bring in a successor for the pet who had been a popular figure among staff and visitors for 15 years. barley was from the same family as highland park's two previous cats, malt and peat, and it is thought the line may even be traced to the origins of the distillery in 1798. while the link has now been broken, the cats' place in the distillery's history will be commemorated with plans for a statue in the courtyard. highland park is one of only four distilleries in scotland still to utilise floor maltings. a tightening up of regulations on the procedure helped to end the days of the distillery cat.



posted by magpie @ 6.7.06  
    	
         0 took a dram





  


	 
     bidders baulk at invergordon asking price
	 
    


bidders baulk at invergordon asking pricewilliam lyons business correspondent whyte & mackay's ambitious plan to focus on premium brands risks being derailed as bidders for its highland grain distillery refuse to meet its asking price. industry sources say the £180m price tag for invergordon distillers, the largest grain distillery in europe, is proving a stumbling block in managing director bob brannan's attempts to sell it. french spirit firm la martiniquaise and trinidad-based cl financial are interested in acquiring the distillery, but are not prepared to pay what sources call the "hugely aspirational" asking price. given the small margins involved in grain whisky, potential bidders are unlikely to want to pay more than £100m, with a price of £90m more realistic. invergordon has a capacity of between 20 million and 35 million litres of alcohol a year. given the margins of own label, this would produce sales of £2m a year. industry sources say the headline price of £180m is unrealistic. the reason this figure has emerged is that with so few grain distilleries in scotland, they are strategically important. whyte & mackay is keen to offload the distillery, whose main focus is the production of own-label spirits for supermarkets, as part of its £100m restructuring that will channel investment towards the drinks firm's premium brands. brannan was recruited last year from william grant to undertake a shake-up of the spirits business. in november he appointed richard hayes as global marketing director from allied domecq. brannan has admitted that although the own-label business remained important to the group, it would become a smaller proportion of the overall business. he is presently charged with a four-year £100m marketing and re-branding campaign. the flagship whyte & mackay brand, which has just over 3% of the uk whisky market, has undergone another makeover. although the company says it is in no rush to sell the distillery and is only "listening to offers", a failure to secure the deal could derail chief executive vivian imerman's strategic plan to focus on premium malt brands. investment bank citigroup has been appointed to handle any sale of the distillery, which sits on the shores of the cromarty firth and has its own deep water port. last night, one industry source said: "the main problem with this deal is the headline price, which is hugely aspirational. given the relatively low margins involved with own label, buyers are keen not to overpay. a price south of £100m is more realistic." paris based la martiniquaise, run by jean-pierre cayard, which owns glen turner single malt and the big-selling label five, has emerged as the most likely buyer. the fourth largest spirits company in france opened a whisky storage and bottling plant in livingston. sources say the invergordon distillery would be a natural fit, enabling it to ramp up its production of blended whisky. livingston already has the capacity to produce five million cases a year. a move by trinidad-based cl financial would be much more speculative and would signal a move back into own label. according to industry insiders "they are still deciding whether to go ahead or not". cl financial owns three whisky distilleries in scotland: bunnahabhain on islay, deanston in perthshire and tobermory on mull, and have the blended whiskies black bottle and scottish leader.



posted by magpie @ 6.7.06  
    	
         0 took a dram





  


	 
     premium brands lift edrington profits
	 
    


premium brands lift edrington profitshamish rutherford edrington group, scotland's largest independent whisky company, has unveiled pre-tax profit of more than £65 million as it continues the internationalisation and premiumisation of some of the biggest labels in the industry. the maker of the iconic famous grouse, glasgow-based edrington said yesterday its sales increased by 3.7 per cent to £263.4m in the year to 31 march. its pre-tax profit rose 8.6 per cent to £65.4m before exception costs. it will pay a total dividend of 14.4p per share, an increase of 8.3 per cent on last year. chief executive ian curle said the strategy of investment in its core products was providing the foundation for future expansion. "our core brands continue to grow, allowing us to increase our investment in advertising and promotion in international markets in order to increase sales and market share," he said. edrington, which focuses strongly on premium grade whisky, said its strongest growth had been in high-value labels such as famous grouse malt, the macallan, highland park and the glenrothes. growth was strongest in the asia pacific region, as consumers switch to more premium brands. "this is consistent with a general trend towards more moderate consumption," curle said. sales in its key european market, however, were described as "sluggish", with the more established markets in western europe reaching near saturation. most future expansion in sales is expected to come from markets outside europe, which currently represent about a third of sales. "the european economy continues to be sluggish, with many markets reaching maturity. much of our activity is focused on maintaining those markets in which we enjoy a leading position," curle said. "in asia pacific, north america, nordic countries and eastern europe our brands have performed more strongly and we remain confident about their future growth potential." the famous grouse, scotland's most popular whisky for 25 years, now sells more than three million cases a year. its new product, famous grouse malt, was described as the most successful since the brand was created 110 years ago, and it has now been rolled out in the us, australia and the uk. edrington has also launched its ready-to-drink ginger grouse - the whisky mixed with fresh lime and ginger beer - which it estimates has been drunk by 100,000 people. edrington accounts for 9 per cent of scotch whisky sales worldwide, and is placing greater emphasis than ever on single malt products. those account for 8 per cent of total scotch sales, and edrington's single malt products represent 15 per cent of its portfolio. key to this is the macallan, the world's fourth biggest-selling single malt, which edrington expects will reach third position when new industry figures are released. its growth had been driven by the company's new fine oak range, which has sold more than a million bottle in two years. the edrington group traces its roots to the 1850s, when it was founded by the robertson family. it is now wholly owned by the charitable robertson trust.targeting the luxury buyerwhile low-cost whisky sales are stagnant, the worldwide market for premium brands is growing quickly, in particular in asia. edrington has adopted a strategy to "premiumise" its portfolio, investing heavily in brand identity and adding new luxury-level products. the new macallan fine oak, produced in bourbon or sherry casks, is selling for £300 a bottle. the most ambitious launch in edrington's 180-year history, it has sold one million bottles in just two years. the macallan teamed up with another luxury brand, glass maker lalique, to produce a special run of 470 crystal decanters, holding a 50-year-old single malt, selling for £3,500.



posted by magpie @ 6.7.06  
    	
         0 took a dram






...the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind...


...scotch makes you feel the way you ought to feel without it...

  


	 
     the blend of an era
	 
    


the blend of an erasir brian mcmaster samples a special edition festival whisky which has been released to celebrate his tenure as director of the edinburgh international festival. the blended 15-year-old whisky, created by springbank distillers, was launched yesterday to mark the 15th and final year of sir brian's inspirational leadership of the world's greatest arts festival. only 2006 bottles of the special edinburgh international festival blend will be released, with most of them being offered as gifts to performers at this year's festival.



posted by magpie @ 3.7.06  
    	
         0 took a dram






...the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind...


...scotch makes you feel the way you ought to feel without it...

  


	 
     scent of scotch puts wee nip in the air
	 
    


scent of scotch puts wee nip in the airmurdo macleod it is a peaty, smoky amber liquid with a heady whiff of the scottish islands. but don't even consider drinking it. it's for dabbing all over and driving men wild. the essence of malt whisky has now been captured by george dodds, a highlands biochemist, who believes his fragrant creation could form the basis of a new scottish perfume industry. the malt whisky scent, which has been named spirit of scotland, has been in development for three years. a 17.5ml crystal bottle of the finished product will retail at top stores this autumn for about £75. although the perfume contains no whisky, the blend of ingredients is chosen to recreate the traditional smoky and peaty smells of island malts such as talisker and laphroaig. chocaholics also have something to look forward to. work has begun with a leading confectionery company on an equally intriguing chocolate perfume scent, but the project is still at an early stage. dodds, regarded as a leading expert in scents, is a consultant to cst medical, a company that specialises in products aimed at tackling sex problems. but he has also been working at his highland laboratory on a potentially lucrative sideline on a new range of female scents. dodds, who will open a perfume studio for the general public at his base near aultbea in wester ross this week, said: "what could be a better scent for scotland than the peaty, smoky smells of an island malt whisky? "it has taken three years to develop and is aimed to appeal to a sophisticated buyer. this is a new and original direction in world perfumery." dodds creates his olfactory masterpieces by blending natural scent oils and testing them in different combinations. ironically, the spirit of scotland contains ingredients from the indian ocean, france and morocco, with not a mash tub or a copper still in sight. the ingredients include vetivert oil from reunion, which provides the essential "smoky-woody" notes, narcissus from grasse and rose from north africa to inject "erotic musky" and floral smells. dodds says it is a "sophisticated, full-strength perfume intended primarily for evening use". it has been created using the design principles of "classic french perfumery, and has unusually high concentrations of natural scent oils". the chemist added that the perfume had been test-marketed in london. "it was well liked by experienced perfume users," he said, "being described as very rich and sensuous with an unusual heart note. many users commented on its erotic warmth." last week, scotland on sunday put the spirit of scotland to the test among whisky and consumer experts. the response was positive, although not everyone could detect the whisky hints. roz emerson, who sells whisky at the royal mile whisky shop in edinburgh, said: "it's lovely. smells great. i would wear this. "not sure i can smell anything in it that i think is connected to whisky though." annette lamb, a spokeswoman for harvey nichols in edinburgh, said: "it's very nice. i can definitely smell the smoky, whisky hints in it. it smells nicer the longer it's on your skin. i'm usually a chanel no5 person, but this is very nice. i like the whisky idea." rebecca jamieson-jones, an edinburgh sales assistant, said: "it smells smoky and changes quite a lot after you put in on your skin. it smells much better the longer it's there." law student louise ramsay was initially hesitant but commented: "i mean this as a compliment: it reminds me of the smell of clean, polished, classic furniture. nice. i would wear it on a night out." and will lyons, scotland on sunday's wine correspondent, sniffed the perfume and said: "it smells peaty. is it something based on laphroaig? i could drink that." he added: "it's quite extraordinary. it is almost like there are two layers of scent that don't really combine. "at first the heavy, oily perfume hits the nose but lying in wait is the phenolic and smoky flavour familiar to islay whiskies. it's actually a very pleasant effect." like the whisky scent, the chocolate perfume could be long in gestation, but industry experts can't wait to try it. sarah cunnew, head chocolatier for the glasgow-based kshocolat, said: "i'm sure lots of people would like it. i think i would. i work with chocolate all the time and i like coming in to work with the smell of chocolate. it's a nice fragrance." but bernard espouy, a director of edinburgh's plaisir de chocolat, said: "i'm not so sure about the idea of mixing a food and a scent in that way. "chocolate and perfume seem to me like a dangerous combination. if i were young again and had a girlfriend i'm not sure i would like her smelling of chocolate." experts' verdictpamela craig, head of the perfume department at harvey nichols, edinburgh: "i can smell the whisky and the peaty hints in this, yes. it's a very floral smell, but you can pick up the hints of smokiness in it too. "i didn't like it so much when i first put it on my skin, but when it 'takes' to your skin it smells really very nice. "the more it's on, the nicer it smells. it seems like something that would last very well on you. i like this as a perfume." david wilson, technical manager at the scotch whisky heritage centre on edinburgh's royal mile: "it's a very interesting aroma. i can smell lavender, it's very floral. it's a nice smell, a very green smell - country and natural aromas. "the only thing is that i don't know that i would say it was whisky at all, the whisky hint must be very subtle. "it's a good idea for a product, though. whisky sells and there's no reason this won't. "i would rather nose a good single malt than this, but i wouldn't put a single malt on a girlfriend or partner."



posted by magpie @ 21.5.06  
    	
         0 took a dram














drink
    is the feast of reason and the flow of soul





 



distilleries


bruichladdich

murray mcdavid

cadenhead

casks


barley is last in long line of distillery cats

bidders baulk at invergordon asking price

premium brands lift edrington profits

the blend of an era

scent of scotch puts wee nip in the air

indian high court bans local makers from passing o...

a scotch and rye look at life from the bottom of a...

whisky is dram expensive at £17,000 a bottle

the passage to india is a rough ride for scotch

anger over india's whisky tariffs


stills


2003.07

2003.08

2003.09

2003.10

2003.11

2003.12

2004.01

2004.02

2004.03

2004.04

2004.05

2004.06

2004.07

2004.08

2004.09

2004.10

2004.11

2004.12

2005.01

2005.02

2005.03

2005.05

2005.07

2005.09

2005.10

2005.11

2005.12

2006.01

2006.02

2006.03

2006.04

2006.05

2006.07




 



 
  
 




 



 â©
    copyright 2000-2005 wasatch single malt whisky appreciation society and caol
    ritchie. all rights reserved.




