




  











cinema vehicles - movie and film car rental, fabrication, and production









































































call us






lightbox ()




my account



help








browse inventory please visit our old inventory site while we revamp our new inventory system.




 sign in


 sign in
 create account



 our services

 loading...


 media

 loading...


 company

 loading...


 customer support

 loading...









 


818-780-6272
los angeles, ca
new orleans, la
atlanta, ga












la: 818-780-6272atlanta: 770-681-0863













need help?






lightbox ()





my account




  search inventory







browse inventory


services


vehicle rentalglass servicescustom fabricationgraphics & upholsterypaint & bodycorporate buildsproduction spaceproduct integrationtransportation
 see all services


company


about usour historyour clientsour partnerscontact & locations


media


custom buildsnewsvehicles in moviesblogour work reel


contact


los angeles, caatlanta, garental forms






















created visions






graphics








custom builds
our team of skilled designers and fabricators can meet the requests of any production.







1000's of vehicles on lot
vehicles rental • custom builds • graphics • fabrication • cinema glass • and more!







cinema glass
cinema vehicles acquired alan’s auto glass, the most iconic and trusted glass company servicing the entertainment industry since 1960.









the largest supplier of car rentals
for movies, television, and commercials

for over 40 years, cinema vehicles has been the largest supplier of customized vehicles, automotive fabrications, and car rentals for the movie, television, and commercial industries in the country. we’re proud to offer our customers the most comprehensive, family-owned cinema vehicle services in the business out of our headquarters in the heart of north hollywood's bustling movie production scene, as well as our full-service facility in atlanta, georgia. 
      






our servicesone-stop-automotive shopsee all services 









vehicle rental we are the largest supplier of vehicles to the film, television and commercial industry. 












corporate builds creating custom vehicle & signage for any event. 












custom fabrication skilled designers and fabricators meet any specs of production, modifying or hand building vehicles. 












graphics our full service graphics and printing department can create and replicate any design concept to match your production needs. 












paint & body we can accommodate the largest and most intricate jobs the most highly skilled craftsman in the business. 












glass we can handle all of your on-set needs with the largest glass department in hollywood. 












transportation offering local, long haul, & global transport. 












product integration we partner with the top after-market brands to integrate their products into hollywood’s largest film, television and commercial projects. 






see all services 



our services and amenities include:

vehicle rental from an inventory boasting the world’s largest supply of prop cars for film, television, and commercial use.
a full-service custom fabrication department, featuring custom graphics, printed fabrics and upholstery, and state-of-the-art paint and body work.
custom corporate builds for promotional marketing vehicles.
automotive glass manufacturing from the legendary alan’s auto glass, one of the most trusted glass shops in the entertainment industry.

















from script to screen
our movie car rentals and custom auto fabrications have been featured in hundreds of classic films over the years, from international blockbusters like fast and furious, the hunger games, and the avengers, to academy award-winners like american sniper, the big short, and crash. search the industry’s largest inventory of picture cars for rent, or work with our expert design team to create the customized car, truck—or spaceship—your project needs. 











let’s cut to the chase
at cinema vehicles, we’re dedicated to producing high-quality, picture-ready vehicles with fast turnaround times and a customer-first mentality. from los angeles to atlanta, new orleans to new mexico, our staff is committed to providing you with the best possible service—and even better vehicle solutions. 






whether you’re a producer on the hunt for the perfect movie car rental, or a business owner looking for a unique way to promote your brand, our team is ready to meet the challenge. call us today at 818-780-6272 to speak with one of our experts about your custom vehicle needs, or contact us to learn more about how cinema vehicles can transform your vision into a reality.




contact us


 







 sign up!
          keep updated with cinema vehicles.









our services



vehicle rental


glass services


custom fabrication


graphics & upholstery


paint & body


corporate builds


production space


product integration


transportation





media



custom builds


news


vehicles in movies


blog


our work reel



company



about us


our history


our clients


our partners


contact & locations





customer support



my account


saved lightboxes


rental forms


help


our locations











818-780-6272





















homesite mapprivacy





copyright © 2025 cinema vehicles. all rights reserved.
powered by web shop manager.























 get inventory updates first!
let us keep you up to date on new inventory as we get it.
modal - email sign up


this form requires that javascript be enabled.






  email
      *






  name
      *






newsletter subscription


 newsletter subscription





















sign in  or create an account







email




password

forgot password?













 don't see what you want?
contact us or give us a call @ 818-780-6272, we may already have it, and if not, we can get it!









 need help?




lightbox

            what is this?
          

vehicles

            browse inventory
          

help

            faq & policies
          

contact us

            we're happy to reply
          




        		cinema vehicles
        	

818-780-6272
 email us













choose location


choose a preferred cinema vehicles location.




no thanks, i'll browse both locations.



























