

tanzania website addresses





















[ home ]   [ about tanzania ]  [ f a q ]













 
			




tanzania website addresses
website:  www.tanzaniawebsiteaddresses.com
a comprehensive list of web addresses grouped in essential classifications. this is an important communication guide to enable people of all interests in tanzania and abroad to access useful tanzanian business and government related web sites. this site will be updated periodically to incorporate changes to the present sites and addition of other web addresses. please contact info@tanzaniawebsiteaddresses.com for this purpose.





			 

			









classifications





computer dealers, consultants
internet service providers
computer training
internet café’s
education
media




banks, bureau de change
telecommunications
travel & tourism
hotels, lodges, resorts, inns
courier services
important links











			  









computer dealers, consultants



cats tanzania
and training, isp, designing websites


computer world
hardware, software, maintenance, sales and networking.


dostech computers
computer dealers


a & a computers
dealer, repairs, sales and training


university computer centre
dar es salaam. also domain name registration, web design / hosting


i i t
institute of information technology, dar es salaam



















internet service providers - isp



internet africa
dar es salaam


africa on line dar es salaam
branches in mwanza, arusha


arusha node marie
and web hosting


simba net
vsat, satellite technologies


afsat communications
satellite data network solutions


tansat
fiber and wireless internet and data connectivity


ecosystems east africa ltd.
web design and web hosting











back to top









computer training



i m i t
institute of management and information centre, dar es salaam



















internet café’s



farahan's cybercafe - kilosa
rural services telecentre


cybernet, arusha
also domain and web hosting





















education



h k m u
hubert kairuki memorial university


m w e k a
college of african wildlife management. advanced and post graduate


muhimbili university college
of health sciences
a college of the university of dar es salaam.
									medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, nursing


s u a
sokoine university of agriculture, morogoro


d i t
dares salaam institute of technology


e s a m i
eastern and southern africa management institute in arusha


e s r f
the economic and social research foundation


restless development
formerly known as students partnership worldwide (s p w). tanzania. volunteers working in environment, school health, primary school and youth development .


african virtual university 
participating universities in tanzania, ethiopia, rwanda, kenya


mount meru university 
education, theology, computer training, and music


institute of accountancy 
courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels


n b a a tanzania
national board of accountants and auditors


a d e m bagamoyo
agency for development of educational management


british council tanzania
courses in english and profession development. information and guidance about studying in the uk.


international school of tanganyika 
elementary to secondary. international baccalaureate diploma
									ib programme


international school of moshi
elementary to secondary international baccalaureate diploma
									ib programme


university of dar es salaam
bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees. enrolment - tanzanian and international students - liberal arts, sciences, engineering, law, computer science


necta
the national examinations council of tanzania


akmss 
aga khan mzizima secondary school - offers the international baccalaureate diploma. also offers tanzanian national `a' levels for students in forms 5 & 6.


muhas
muhimbili university of health and allied sciences offers undergraduate and post graduate education at its schools of medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, nursing, public health and social sciences


the university of dodoma 
a public institution offering courses intended to complete certificates, diplomas, undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications.


the open university of tanzania 
a fully fledged and accredited public institution of higher learning with the mandate to conduct academic programmes leading to certificate, diplomas, undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications.


e a s t c
the eastern africa statistical training centre, dar es salaam provides programmes leading to certificate, diploma and degree in statistics. the centre serves mostly staff of government national and central statistical institutes/bureaus of respective african countries of botswana, eritrea, ethiopia, kenya, lesotho, malawi, mauritius, namibia, seychelles, south africa, sudan, somalia, south sudan, swaziland, tanzania mainland, uganda, zambia, zanzibar, zimbabwe.


e c d v u 
the early childhood development virtual university. major partner agencies and institutions supporting are aga khan foundation, amani eccd, ministry of community development, women's affairs and children, ministry of health, ministry of education and culture, ministry of labour and youth development, montessori training centres, plan international, save the children, unicef, university of dar es salaam.


bagamoyo college of arts
taasisi ya sanaa na utamaduni bagamoyo (tasuba) is the offspring of bagamoyo college of arts that provides training, research and consultancy service in arts and culture. three years diploma and short courses offered in traditional tanzanian dances, drama, fine arts, music and stage technology


aku east africa 
the aga khan university institute for educational development, east africa, offers certificate and masters degree programmes in education. the institute has strong partnerships with university of cambridge, uk and the university of calgary, canada.


institute of marine sciences
university of daressalaam institute of marine sciences (ims)
									conduct research and offers postgraduate and undergraduate training and consultancy services in all aspects of marine sciences.


sjmc
school of journalism and mass communication is a teaching and research school of the university of dar es salaam. offers undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in mass communication, journalism, public relations and advertising.


psptb
procurement and supplies professionals and technicians board replaced the national board for materials management (nbmm) tanzania


tumaini university
iringa university college, tumaini university is owned by the evangelical lutheran church of tanzania, offers undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in arts, social science, business, economics , law, science, education and theology.


tuma
tumaini university makumira (tuma) is a christ-centred university focusing all its programmes through the guidance of and obedience to the word of god by conducting and promoting higher education, learning, and research, through scientific fact finding and enquires to all students without any form of discrimination


kilimanjaro christian medical college
kcmc in moshi offers undergraduate and post graduate education at its faculties of medicine, rehabilitation medicine, nursing, directorate of postgraduate studies.


mzumbe university morogoro
offers bachelors, graduate programs in public administration, hrm, social sciences, law, commerce, science and technology.


institute of finance management
ifm offers professional undergraduate and post graduate programmes in finance, accounting, banking, insurance, , computer science and it. also offers msc in finance in collaboration with the university of strathclyde, glasgow, uk.


the ardhi university
aru was the former university college of lands and architectural studies (uclas) a constituent college of the university of dar es salaam.












back to top









media - newspapers, magazines, tv, radio



the east african
weekly paper covers tanzania, uganda, kenya. published by nation which also publishes the daily nation, kenya’s leading news source


i p p media
guardian, financial times, and swahili papers
									nipashe, alasiri and kasheshe


daily news english daily 
government owned - tanzania's oldest newspaper.


b b c news
overview, key facts and events, timelines and
									leader profiles along with current news


habari leo
published by the daily news, habari leo is a daily swahili newspaper


the citizen
published daily by mwananchi communications ltd ( mcl) in english and also published in swahili, mwananchi, and mwanaspoti.


mwananchi
published by mwananchi communications ltd ( mcl) in swahili.. also published, the citizen in english












back to top









banks, bureau de change



b o t
bank of tanzania


moneylink
bureau de change dar es salaam


stanbic bank
personal, business, electronic services


barclays bank 
personal and business banking


citibank tanzania
citigroup is in tanzania since 1995


c r d b bank
private commercial bank


exim bank
personal banking, corporate banking


azania bancorp
full range of financial services


unique financial services
helps with commercial and legal requirements of business


n b c
 national bank of commerce




















telecommunications




t t c l 

tanzania telecommunication company ltd.


vodacom tanzania
wireless communication - gsm


agro vision
agrochemicals, radio communication equipment


spidersat communications
vsat, satellite telephones, internet modems


t i g o 
tigo, part of millicom international cellular sa (mic) provides cellular phone service.












back to top









travel & tourism



anderock tours & safaris, arusha 
ngorongoro , serengeti, mt kilimanjaro, mt meru, zanzibar, saadani, mombasa. game photo safaris, cultural safaris, scuba diving and beach holidays.


jmt african heart expeditions
arusha. discover tanzania and zanzibar. lodge safari, luxury camping safari, budget camping safari, cultural trekking, horseback safari, mountain bike safari, rafting safari, kilimanjaro, scenic flights.


fortes safaris
arusha ngorongoro, serengeti, kilimanjaro and all national parks . car hire. branch in mwanza. member of tala


fortes car hire - arusha
vehicles with pop-up game-viewing roofs. safaris: ngorongoro, serengeti, kilimanjaro and all national parks


fourways travel
mwanza travel agent, tour operator, fishing safaris, air charters & car hire


ketty travels (tz) ltd.
arusha safaris and tours to tanzania national parks, leisure holidaying in islands of zanzibar, pemba and historical stone town. accommodation arrangements for any hotel in tanzania.


tanzania adventure, arusha

tanzania, zanzibar and kenya safaris and beach holidays. mt kilimanjaro and meru climbs. camping, culture and walking safaris. convenient office location in zanzibar.



peacock tours & safaris ltd. 
serengeti, ngorongoro, mt kilimanjaro, zanzibar and cultural tourism







dar es salaam




skylink travel and tours
safaris, local and international tours and travel. avis rent a car.


fast track
travel agency representing lam mozambique airlines in tanzania


takim’s tours and safaris
dar es salaam


bahati travel
tailor made safaris, beach holidays and mt. kilimanjaro climbs. a member of tato.


waterbuck safaris daressalam 
tanzania safari tours, african safari tours, tanzania safaris to all national parks and to ruaha national park, selous game reserve.


dahl tours and safaris ltd 
safari and adventure organizer to serengeti, lake manyara, ngorngoro crater and tarangire mt kilimanjaro, zanzibar.







zanzibar




swahili divers, pemba
scuba diving and accommodation at the old mission lodge chake chake


zanziland holidays experts co.
offer beach holidays, adventures, overland safaris, tented and lodges safaris.


zanzibar car hire limited
provides hiring vehicles & motor bikes, taxi transfers, hotel bookings, excursions, wildlife safaris in tanzania, home- stays, apartments rental, mount kilimanjaro climbing







arusha




anderock tours & safaris 
ngorongoro , serengeti, mt kilimanjaro, mt meru, zanzibar, saadani, mombasa. game photo safaris, cultural safaris, scuba diving and beach holidays.


ranger safaris
tanzania safaris, beach holidays, mountain climbs, kenya safaris


jmt african heart expeditions
tanzania, zanzibar, mt kilimanjaro. camping safaris, cultural trekking


fortes safaris
ngorongoro, serengeti, kilimanjaro and all national parks.
									car hire. member of tala


fortes car hire
safaris to tanzania national parks,
									vehicles with pop-up game-viewing roofs.


ketty travels (tz) ltd.
safaris and tours to tanzania national parks, leisure holidaying in islands of zanzibar, pemba and historical stone town.


bushbuck safaris ltd.
national parks and reserves, mount kilimanjaro, zanzibar


tanzania adventure
tanzania, zanzibar and kenya safaris and beach holidays. mt kilimanjaro and meru climbs. camping, culture and walking safaris. convenient office location in zanzibar.


kipepeo tours
tanzania wildlife safaris, tanzania safari vehicles, safari kenya and tanzania tours.


roy safaris ltd 
lodging, camping and walking safaris, mountain trekking, and cultural tours in tanzania. established since1989, roy safaris is a tanzanian registered, local, family-run business, with a family member heading each department.


gofan safaris & travel africa 
tanzania , kenya , uganda safaris, zanzibar and mombassa beach holidays. air ticketing, hotel bookings and car hire.


warrior trails 
warrior trails arranges tailor-made lodge, tented camp and adventure camp safaris, cultural experiences, walking and trekking expeditions and beach holidays.







other cities




fourways travel -  mwanza
travel agent, tour operator, fishing safaries,
									air charters & car hire


trans-kibo travels - moshi
tanzania and kenya safaris; zanzibar, mt kilimanjaro and meru


zara adventures
moshi


masumin tours & safaris ltd.
mwanza


shah tours and travels ltd 
based in moshi, shah tours specializes in adventure holidays in tanzania. predominantly centred around mount kilimanjaro and the various trekking routes, to include trekking on mount meru. also safaris to tanzania game parks and beach holidays on the mainland coast and island of zanzibar.























hotels, lodges, resorts, inns



holiday inn dar es salaam
situated in the heart of the city, holiday inn is an ideal base for business visitors. the hotel has board room/conference room available to residents of the hotel on a complimentary basis. ohps and other electronic aids, full secretarial and internet facilities and a fully-fledged travel centre are also available.


the manta resort, pemba
lodge facilities include diving, live aboard fishing, kayaking, sea safaris, inland excursions, land safaris, whale watching, dolphin watching and bird watching


serena hotels 
resorts, lodges, hotels in ngorongoro, serengeti, lake manyara, kirawira and zanzibar


sopa lodges
three beautiful lodges located in serengeti, ngorongoro crater, and tarangire national parks.


wellworth group
the welworth group is one of the major players in the hospitality industry in tanzania. future plans include expansion into the neighbouring countries of kenya, uganda and the drc.

















dar es salaam




holiday inn dar es salaam
an ideal base for business visitors. conference room ,secretarial and internet facilities, travel centre.


the kivulini restaurant
									(holiday inn) dar es salaam
the restaurant overlooks the hotels outdoor pool and the botanical gardens. kivulini serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.


golden tulip hotel
accommodation, banquet and conference facilities.


new africa hotel dar es salaam



hotel sea cliff dar es salaam



white sands hotel dar es salaam



peacock hotel
standard and deluxe accommodation.


kunduchi beach hotel & resort 
a 138 room luxury beach resort in dar es salaam owned by wellworth group of companies in tanzania who also own the wet n wild water park in dar es salaam, one of the largest water park and entertainment complexes in east and central africa.



zanzibar




the manta resort, pemba
facilities: diving, live aboard fishing, kayaking, sea safaris, whale watching, dolphins, and bird watching .


old mission lodge pemba 
six double/triple rooms. padi international resort association.


chumbe island zanzibar
eco-bungalows to preserve chumbe island's exceptional environment.


breezes beach club
located near bwejuu, east coast of zanzibar.


bluebay beach resort
located in the east coast in kiwengwa.


mnemba island lodge
on an island off the north-eastern tip of zanzibar.


the palms zanzibar
situated along the east coast.


ras nungwi beach hotel
hotel based on north coast. activities - diving, fishing, water sports.


the zanzibari hotel
located in nungwi on the north eastern tip of zanzibarthe, the zanzibari hotel provides easy access to the ocean.



other cities




parkview inn, moshi
situated on the foothills of mt kilimanjaro.


gibb's farm, karatu
located between lake manyara & ngorongoro crater.


arusha crown hotel
modern hotel for traveling executives and tourists.


kinasi lodge, mafia
private lodge facing chole bay


the african tulip hotel
the african tulip hotel is a luxury boutique hotel located in arusha. the hotel has been designed with safari travelers, business persons, honeymooners, elite and leisure travelers in mind, offering a high standard of luxury.


arusha backpackers 
the arusha backpackers is a budget hotel located within the arusha town central business district along sokoine road opposite gapco petrol station, and adjacent to the meru post office and meru petrol station


















courier service



tnt international



dhl international (t)



fedex



r&b courier services ltd 
courier and communication services


cmtl 
courier and movers




















important links



akdn
the aga khan development network - working in health, education, culture and rural and economic development, primarily in asia and africa.


amref tanzania
african medical and research foundation


comesa 
the common market for eastern and southern africa. promoting regional economic integration through trade and investment.


costech
tanzania commission of science and technology .


cuso
cuso overseas volunteers. preference is given to canadian citizens
									and canadian permanent residents.


d & t / tz
deloitte tanzania
									d&t/tz deloitte in tanzania. audit, tax, consulting, financial advisory


east african community
the regional integration organisation of the republics of kenya, uganda and tanzania.


habitat for humanity tanzania
through habitat, thousands of low-income families have found new hope in the form of affordable housing.


hakielimu
ngo promoting children’s right to quality basic education.


lions club
tanzania, kenya, ethiopia, uganda


kpmg
kpmg tanzania - audit, tax, advisory


kagera region 
the kagera region is located in the north-western corner of tanzania bordering with uganda, rwanda and burundi. bukoba is the regions capital. this website is an initiative of the tanzania chamber of commerce industry and agriculture (tccia) and kagera region's business community and industries.


moevt
ministry of education and vocational training. moevt is responsible for the country’s education system, ranging from, pre-education,primary, secondary, post-second ry, university, adult, and special, plus private and vocational education.


mnrt 
ministry of natural resources and tourism is one of the economic ministries responsible for conservation of natural and cultural resources as well as development of tourism.


nyerere educational resource center
the nyerere educational resource center is a group of people who seek to support institutions that promote the legacy of mwalimu julius kambarage nyerere, the first president of tanzania. mwalimu nyerere was a man of vision and integrity who worked his whole life for his ideals and the betterment of africa


national museum and house of culture
formerly known as the national museum dar es salaam, it is the largest museum in the country with collections and exhibitions covering the fields of archaeology, biology, ethnography, history and arts.


national bureau of statistics
central statistical office. conducts censuses and surveys - economic, social & demographic statistics.


onao
office of the national authorizing officer
									represents all operations financed through the european development fund for its activities in tanzania


ppf
the parastatal pensions fund established by government act for providing pensions and other related benefits to all employees


parliament of tanzania
administration, structure, composition, president, national assembly


pricewaterhousecoopers tanzania
audit and assurance, crisis management, human resources, performance improvement, tax.


rotary district 9200
comprises the five east african countries eritrea, ethiopia, kenya, tanzania and uganda.


sadc
the southern african development community. official web site: publications, projects, country profiles, sectoral responsibilities, news.


sos children’s villages canada
sos children's villages canada is an independent, non-governmental social development organization. its activities focus on neglected and abandoned children and orphans, as well as disadvantaged families in tanzania. sos canada supports programmes in zanzibar and arusha


tango
tanzania association of non government organization




tanzania tourist board - ttb 
official site of tanzania


tacaids
official website of tanzania commission for aids


tanzania embassy in germany
website is in english and german language.


tanzania embassy in nordic and baltic states
countries of accreditation: sweden, denmark, norway, finland, iceland, latvia, lithuania, estonia.


tanzanian embassy in the usa
embassy is also accredited to argentina, brazil, mexico and venezuela.


tccia
tanzania chamber of commerce industry & agriculture


tra
tanzania revenue authority


tgnp
tanzania gender networking programme


t i e
tanzania institute of education. formerly institute of curriculum development.


tamwa
tanzania media women's association. tamwa is a a non-partisan, non-profit ngo formed by women journalists and broadcaster to fight for women rights.


tawla 
the tanzanian women lawyers' association. tawla is a leading women lawyers association in tanzania established as a support for women and children's rights. their slogan 'haki ya mwanamke ni haki ya wote' (women's rights are everyone's rights).


tato
tanzania association of tour operators represents tour operators in tanzania. the association is recognized by the government.


tanzania bureau of standards 
the tanzania bureau of standards measures for quality control and promote standardization in industry and commerce.


tacaids
									 
the tanzania commission for aids is legally mandated to provide strategic leadership and coordinate efforts of all stakeholders involved in the fight against hiv/aids.




tpc 
tanzania posts corporation - previously tanzania post and telecommunications, tpc was established in 1994 to provide a national postal service within the republic, and a link between tanzania and the world.


tcu
the tanzania commission for universities is a government regulated body corporate mandated to recognize, approve, register and accredit universities operating in tanzania, and local or foreign university level programs being offered by non-tcu registered higher education institutions.


tcra 
the tanzania communications regulatory authority is an independent authority for postal, broadcasting & electronic communications industries in the united republic of tanzania.


tanzania film commission
the tanzania film commission (tfc) works under tanzania board of tourism to assist film-makers who want to shoot film, video and still pictures to get permits, locations and filming resources throughout tanzania.


tanzania investment centre
the tanzania investment centre (tic) is the primary agency of government to coordinate, encourage, promote and facilitate investment in tanzania and to advise the government on investment related matters as related to agriculture, the mining sector, live stock, tourism sector, manufacturing, banking, insurance, health and education, economic infrastructure and natural resources


t i e
tanzania institute of education, formerly institute of curriculum development


tccia
the tanzania chamber of commerce industry and agriculture. tccia was established with the support of the tanzanian government to strengthen the private sector.


undp in tanzania
official united nations development programme site for tanzania.


unesco tanzania office 
united nations educational, scientific and cultural organization


unicef
girls education, immunization, child protection, hiv/aids, early childhood


veta
the vocational education and training act was enacted by the parliament in 1994 to guide the vocational education and training (vet) system in tanzania.


vso
an international development charity that works through volunteers in asia, latin america and africa


world bank - tanzania
country reports on projects and programmes funded


zato 
zato is a membership organisation formed by zanzibar tour operators who are zanzibaris. this organization is incorporated under the companies decree [cap. 153].


zanzibar tourism
official site of commission for tourism in zanzibar in three languages - english, french and italian


zanzibar international film festival
ziff's organises in july, the annual festival of the dhow countries.




sos children's villages canada 
sos children's villages canada is an independent, non-governmental social development organization. its activities focus on neglected and abandoned children and orphans, as well as disadvantaged families in tanzania. sos canada supports programmes in zanzibar and arusha















back to top




   










classifications





computer dealers, consultants
internet service providers
computer training
internet café’s
education
media




banks, bureau de change
telecommunications
travel & tourism
hotels, lodges, resorts, inns
courier services
important links











   






if you wish to have your tanzanian website added to this listing, please contact










one stop info centre
calgary, alberta
									canada
									telephone (403) 265-7520










disclaimer: the information on this site is for informational purposes only. "one stop info centre" assumes no liability for inaccurate, delayed or incomplete information, nor for any actions taken in reliance thereon. links to other websites is solely as a convenience to you. by providing these links, "one stop info centre" is not endorsing these websites nor is it responsible for the privacy practices, content, transactions, and functioning of the websites.






back to top
copyright © 2002 -2019 - all rights reserved - one stop info centre

.
 





