








canoe stories bwca quetico wilderness






canoe stories from canoestories.com

wilderness
        lands of minnesota and ontario - the superior national
        forest, quetico park, woodland caribou park, wabakimi,
        killarney and algonquin provincial park were formed long
        ago. they waited as continents drifted, as glaciers
        advanced and retreated, as early people hunted and left
        their cryptic paintings on billion year old rock.
these
        primitive and challenging lands wait now for those that
        would travel by canoe. here at the canoestories web site
        you can read stories from these lands, from the canoe
        country of north america. 
these
        stories are free and complete, written
        by the people that actually made the trips described.
come
        with me now as we head into the wilderness. the portage
        path is opening, the next shore is just ahead. put down
        your heavy load and follow me to a place of discovery and
        adventure...
- jim hegyi                                     
        last update:  february 27th, 2017

         






woodland
        caribou
        park
algonquin
        provincial
        park
superior
        national
        forest
killarney
        provincial
        park
quetico
        provincial
        park

rivers
fiction and essays

wabakimi
        provincial
        park
links to other canoe story sites
maps-compass-gps
        making great maps





canoe
        stories from killarney provincial park, ontario







killarney canoe and hiking 
                trip by norm hooper
                a trip to killarney provincial park, exploring its unspoiled 
                eastern and northeastern wilderness sectors and hiking to the 
                top of silver peak of the renowned la cloche mountain range.  
                norm hooper and wayne morrison take a trip to the top of silver 
                peak.  great canoeing and great photos make norm's journal 
                a great read.




killarney
                provincial park wilderness canoe trip by norm hooper 
"every die-heart canoeist has in their blood a 
                desire for a more adventurous and 
challenging waterway that would surpass their last trip." and few are as challenging
                and beautiful as killarney provincial park,
                considered a crown jewel of the ontario
                wilderness parks system. join norm hooper and his
                canoeing buddies for some great canoeing and
                great scenery in a majestic landscape.








        canoe stories from wabakimi provincial park, ontario








wabakimi.....a 
                23 day adventure by
                mike kinziger


                there is only one achievement so remarkable that even the most 
                sophisticated machine cannot pretend to have accomplished it, 
                and that achievement is conscious experience. the greatest 
                achievement of the human brain is its ability to imagine objects 
                and episodes that do not exist in the realm of the real, and it 
                is this ability that allows us to think about the future. the 
                human being is the only “animal” that thinks about the future. 
                we think about the future in a way that no other animal can, 
                does, or ever has, and this simple, ubiquitous, ordinary act is 
                the defining feature of our humanity. a new location in canada. 
                i garnered information about wabakimi at canoecopoia in madison, 
                wisconsin in march 2010. i met with”uncle” phil cotton (the 
                wabakimi project) and conversed with him in april to get 
                information on a possible route. it gets easier to prepare for 
                each solo. this is year three. gear, food, clothing and shelter 
                remain constant. there were a lot more logistics to organize for 
                this trip… much more dependency on outside parties. wabakimi 
                project maps (to supplement the topos), canadian railroad 
                arrangements to store the canoe and gear in a boxcar, permits 
                and fishing license….. but it all came together.







canoe 
        stories from rivers








trent-severn canal - a 
                canoe trip through the locks and lifts of the trent-severn 
                waterway by norm hooper
                at the northern edge of lake 
                couchiching, the trent-severn waterway continues its 
                north-westerly journey down to georgian bay.  the route 
                follows the severn river as central ontario farmland gives way 
                to the granite outcroppings of the canadian shield.  the 
                much-tamed severn forms a magnificent cruising link in the chain 
                of rivers, lakes and canal cuts which join the waters of 
                georgian bay to lake ontario.  join norm and wayne as they 
                travel and photograph this beautiful and interesting system of 
                locks and lifts.






french river canoe trip by norm hooper
"we let our canoes drift, 
                suspended in a surreal calm, as three turkey vultures silently 
                soared among the air currents. the roar of blue chute rapids 
                could be heard in the approaching distance..."









canoe
        stories from algonquin park







the time we crashed 
                the car by
                mike kelland  
new!
a canoe trip requiring a mid-week 
                shuttle to change partners, a first-time camper, a heavy 
                borrowed canoe, packing on the trip up.....  nothing of 
                concern here if you're 18 years old.  paddles that break, a 
                flat tire, a near-tragic van-totaling crash... nothing that 
                can't be fixed by youthful resillience and understanding 
                parents.  adventure comes in many ways - and when three or 
                four of those ways happen on one trip, it makes for a great 
                story.  this is one you gotta read!





a wilderness canoe trip in 
                algonquin park by norm hooper
                join norm on an excellent adventure into the kiosk area of 
                algonquin park, canada.  norm and his three companions 
                traveled through seventeen lakes including little mink, 
                whitebirch, clearwater, club, mouse, mink creek, big thunder, 
                erables, maple, ratrap, dalinda, boggy, north sylvia, three 
                miles and manitou with a return through the amable du fond river 
                and across kioskkokwi lake.




barron canyon canoe
                and camping trip by norm hooper 
                for norm hooper, retirement is a time to lean
                back, lift up your feet and... slide down with
                the cascading current of a natural water slide in
                algonquin provincial park! norm's story takes you
                through the beautiful high falls and barron
                canyon regions of the park. so lean back, lift up
                your feet and slide into norm's story of
                canoeing, hiking and high speed swimming.




algonquin park wilderness
                canoe trip by norm hooper
join norm hooper on his second trip into
                algonquin park. from cedar lake to mink lake,
                norm's trio of travelers paddle and portage
                through the rugged and beautiful forest land just
                a few miles north of lake ontario. norm's great
                pictures and vivid descriptions make this an
                excellent story.




an algonquin park canoe and
                camping trip by norm hooper
                norm hooper's september trip into algonquin
                provincial park passed through days of sunshine,
                days of rain, wide waters filled with wind and
                waves and glassy lakes touched with early morning
                mist. let norm and his paddling companions show
                you why algonquin park is one of ontario's
                favorite paddling destinations.




a fishing / canoe
                trip into algonquin park by norm hooper
it's spring, and the fish are biting in algonquin
                park! if you like a good story about fishing - a
                secret fishing hole, cutting a path through a
                wilderness stream, a rapids full of brook trout -
                this one is for you.








canoe stories from woodland caribou
        provincial park, ontario
information and
        links









a 'once upon a 
                time' bloodvein tale by 

jerry 
                ameis  a 
                1969 trip with a dead end & an unexpected event. 


                "the 
                bloodvein is one of those rivers that captures one's 
                imagination. perhaps it is the name. perhaps it is the challenge 
                of reaching its upper waters. perhaps it is the connection to 
                the fur trade..".  if you ever 
                wondered what it was like to travel in woodland caribou park 
                long before portage crews and accurate maps, when your gumption 
                and resolve was the only way to make it to the next lake, then 
                you must read jerrys well-illustrated adventure story.







eastward 45 
                years later by 

jerry 
                ameis 

  "we 
                were traveling north from mexican hat, on the way to wallace 
                lake. as we paddled towards the west end of glen lake we could 
                see a channel to the east. one of us commented that we could 
                probably get to red lake if we went that way. we never tried." 
                forty-five years later, jerry decided 
                to see the east end of what became woodland caribou park.  
                here's his story...



 
 a family adventure                 from mexican hat to tulabi by 

jerry 
                ameis 

 if only all people pondering marriage would take an 8-day canoe 
                trip into woodland caribou park...  well, maybe not always 
                a good idea, but it seemed to work out for jerry  years 
                later it led to a family trip that jerry describes in this 
                story. 
                
"we were in the                 proverbial middle of nowhere with no one around in case we got                 into trouble.   the moment passed as we paddled towards the                 campsite.   the pleasure of gliding through the water, the                 beauty of mexican hat, the challenge of canoeing to tulabi, and                 the novelty of the situation captured our imaginations and                 lifted our spirits."







wallace 
                lake to the bloodvein river by 

jerry 
                ameis  


                canoe travelers quickly learn that less "stuff" makes for a 
                better trip. (some of us even say less stuff and less company 
                makes for a better trip!).  but any trip into woodland 
                caribou park usually turns out well and jerry describes just 
                such a trip.







going 
                north to woodland caribout park to get south to big whiteshell 
                lake
                by 

jerry 
                ameis  
jerry takes 
                us back to 1989 on a trip that went north to reach a lake that 
                was south of the launch point.  "the talon river is 
                misnamed.  it might better be called a creek, but it does 
                have character.  as you get close to talon lake, from 
                downstream, the river becomes sandy-bottomed and gives you the 
                feeling that you can pan for gold in the clear shallow waters."







a 
                long ago irregular lake trip by 

jerry 
                ameis  
jerry 
                explains exploring as it was forty years ago when maps were 
                fuzzy and gps might have meant god please show us the way.  
                "in those days (1971), the bird (river) system was as much a 
                wilderness zone as were more remote and exotic places such as 
                the churchill river of northern manitoba...  today, this 
                area is part of woodland caribou park."  as usual, jerry 
                gives us maps that show the routes covered.







the artery to 
                bird fiasco by 

jerry 
                ameis 

 "by late 
                evening we arrived at what could be called crossroads lake. it 
                was the lake that i reached 20 years ago by portaging from royd 
                creek (upstream from royd lake). there were no campsites of the 
                kind you see in wilderness promotions. we did manage to scratch 
                out a tent spot in a hollow on a rocky island. after a hasty 
                supper, we crawled into the tent, anxious about what we hoped to 
                find in the morning - the two portages of 20 years ago..."








                woodland caribou solo 2 by
                mike kinziger  


                "it was quiet this morning. how quiet? the lake was a mirror. a 
                foggy mist rose slowly from the bays and marshes. there were no 
                loons, no wind, no bird sounds. when the sun peeked out over the 
                horizon, i expected the day to come alive. it didn’t! it was 
                peaceful. i wanted to stay in that moment for as long as 
                possible. there is a feeling that overwhelms me when i sit 
                looking over a wilderness lake. tranquility. escape. 
                satisfaction. a person just doesn’t get to a place like this 
                without all of the planning and work. but here i am. mesmerized. 
                happy. smiling out loud! "







exploring the 
                garner river system by 

jerry ameis 
                

the garner river 
                upstream from the lake is a small marvelous river with very 
                little meandering. there are numerous picturesque rapids and 
                falls. water levels were very high, greatly increasing the speed 
                of the current and the paddling energy needed to counter it...








                bushwhacking in ontario's woodland caribou provincial park 
by 
martin kehoe

i awoke and looked 
                out on a totally different scene. thick fog shrunk my world to 
                the two closest islands and a little shoreline. the most 
                beautiful call of a distant loon came across the water. it held 
                one high note for the longest time. my words cannot begin to 
                describe it.   for two hours i recline on my pads and 
                watch as the sun and the fog have a tug of war...






21 days in woodland 
                caribou park 
                by tyler 
                rudolph and jacynthe guimond    
this report 
                documents a 21-day canoe trip onto woodland caribou provincial 
                park from the wallace lake access point.... emphasis is placed 
                on a previously undocumented canoe route from north dunstan lake 
                to carroll lake via walking stick lake.... reference 
                maps...portage and campsite descriptions...wildlife sightings 
                and other observations offer new information about the new 
                route.








                five weeks by
                mike kinziger   
a perfect september 
                morn....i sat by the fire warming but realized that the only 
                sounds on this calm morning resonated from the crackling wood of 
                the burning wood. with coffee and chair, i moved to the end of 
                my peninsula and sipped and listened. can one tire of the song 
                of the loon? or can one not be tempted to pick up the fishing 
                rod when fish rise in the glassy water? do people ever just 
                watch and listen to flocks of geese as they migrate? can you 
                hear the sun rise? i know you can feel it. there is a more 
                permanent warmth that comes from the sun then from a fire or hot 
                drink. last evening in the twilight, a bull woodland caribou 
                began the seasonal ritual of looking for mates with a bugling 
                that went on for at least an hour. i could see him on the tip of 
                another peninsula about 100 meters away. he thrashed and called 
                and even splashed in the water. it was quite a performance. how 
                fortunate to be able to experience these types of phenomenon’s.








lost portages of irvine lake
by 
martin kehoe
                stepping off the path, exploring new routes, traveling alone and 
                seeing no one for weeks - this is the ultimate adventure for a 
                lake canoe traveler. martin kehoe takes us on his 32 day trip to 
                the interior of woodland caribou park."the 
                creek below this looked wide and open for travel so i worked 
                back up the shoreline in search of a better option than all the 
                dense trees. pushing aside some alder and maple brush i found 
                myself staring into a slot canyon in the high rock. walking on 
                in awe through the dark and cool passage led me to the spot from 
                which i had retreated minutes earlier."








creeks and trails of woodland caribou park
by
                
                martin kehoe 

martin explores areas of the park 
                rarely traveled on this thirty day trip.
"tomorrow 
                the real adventure begins. if i can get down gammon lake and 
                through the little upper gammon lake there is a creek that heads 
                north...."







a canoe trip to 
                indian house lake in woodland caribou park 
                by chad gallow


                while paddling along the western shore of hatchet, tuch spotted 
                an endangered woodland caribou. oblivious to our presence, the 
                caribou continued to forage while standing in the shallows along 
                the western shore...



                 




woodland-caribou 7 day canoe trip journal  
                by al bayne and tim gosselin  
                travel with al on a trip from the leano entry point to paull 
                lake in the southern part of woodland caribou park  
                "the sky is blue, a light breeze is blowing, and we have a 4 km 
                paddle before we encounter another portage – life is good."








moose trip by 
                bob grafton
"after a few days in the 
                bush, especially on the fifth or sixth trip of the season, the 
                relaxation and absorption into the trail life can become so 
                complete that the other life, in the city, fades. wood, water, 
                gear, trails: that’s life."







top to bottom
a solo trip in ontario's woodland 
                caribou park
 by
                martin kehoe
                travel with martin through the wanipigow, down to the fire 
                cleared shores of irregular lake.  explore an old trail on 
                the royd - murdock route and ride with the wind up to musclow.  
                after all this traveling, ending with the artery - ford 
                portages, martin pauses to map out the siderock - obukowin 
                portages.  if you're a canoe traveler, you'll want to read 
                this great journal.







moment by bob grafton

"the stranger imagined himself crushed by 
                his boat as they tumbled together down the chute. as his head 
                went under, he looked up at the bottom of the boat. he could see 
                the daylight through it."





                manitoba's obukowin lake - western entry
to woodland caribou park
                by jim
                hegyi
"sometimes our path 
                leads us closer and closer to fast water that shouts, then roars 
                as it runs wild over the land, throwing spray into the air, 
                seeming to shake the treetops with its power. sunlight pours 
                down from above, tumbling through the high branches and 
                splashing on the forest floor." 








                portages from siderock lake to obukowin lake in manitoba by martin kehoe 
                many of the portage trails used in the summer are actually 
                trap-line trails.  trapper jim dickieson travels the route 
                from siderock to obukowin and maintains some of the excellent 
                paths that canoeists (sometimes) find and always appreciate.  
                martin contacted jim and armed with jim's advice, explored and 
                mapped out the best route from siderock to obukowin.  maps, 
                notes and gps readings are included in martin's excellent 
                description of jim's excellent trails.  (pdf file, suitable 
                for printing.)june, 2006 
                marten:   i just made the trip in and 
                back out on the siderock/obukowin portage. it is extremely wet, 
                you could pull your canoe behind you for large portions. last 
                years wind storms left that portion from kidney to obukowin in a 
                huge tangle. we cut out the snowmobile trail for trapping but it 
                needs more work. the new river stewards for that area are 
                already looking to work on and  improve that which was done 
                last year.  if you can get a message to potential 
                travelers, let them know that the portage is extremely wet and 
                muddy. good luck this summer...drop in if you're around wallace 
                lake. jim (dickieson)
 








                the little north travels of bill and bob
by bill fulton


"how about traveling from the north 
                boundary to the south boundary of woodland caribou? yes that 
                would be it! we would travel in one of the most beautiful 
                quadrants of the little north in the canadian shield. north of 
                the bloodvein to south of the bird."


 

flying in and 
                paddling out
by grant pastuck
"like a freight train it hit us. we got 
                out in a blinding rain to put the fly on the tent, got back in 
                and were hit by a hammer that flattened the tent. i was awed at 
                how fragile our shelter was; our shelter that we took for 
                granted as safe and secure. flattened. i sat up against the wall 
                to hold it up. the wind raged and the rain pummeled us. things 
                in camp blew around. lightening hit a tree on our island but the 
                forest couldn’t catch fire because it was raining so hard."


 

what if the plane 
                doesn't find us? by grant pastuck
"...the chief and i let the fire go out 
                and stared into a completely moonless night sky full of stars. 
                as our eyes got adjusted to the darkness, you could see the 
                black areas in the sky where there were no stars. we spotted 
                dozens of meteors shooting across the sky and then the aurora 
                borealis started displaying their colour. all in all it was a 
                spectacular sight...  i'm glad we enjoyed the sky that night because it would be the last star we would see for the rest of the trip.


 

woodland caribou 
                via the bird river by grant pastuck
"i sat up late that night on a rock down near the river, with rapids on both sides, and looked and listened, for hours.  unworldly voices whispered in the mist, speaking of those who had passed this way before and those who may come later.  
                i said a prayer and dropped some tobacco into the stream. 'may 
                all who pass this way be well and happy, and may they be 
                respectful, for they are on sacred ground.'"


 

how it all began

                by grant pastuck
"there are watershed events in life that change everything ever after. my first one was probably when i opened my business...that 
                saved me from ever working for someone other than myself... the next one was when the commander walked into my store on a slow day in the summer of 1980. that changed everything. i became a camper. that's how it all began."


 

a walk up the wanipigow 
                by grant pastuck
"... we stopped on a gem of an island that had a fire pit with a 
                three foot tree growing in the coal bed; that’s how long ago it 
                had been used."


 

beached on 
                talon with time to burn by bob grafton
"...as the evening closed in, they set the fire on the beach, 
                moved a woodland bench over and sat watching the sunset and 
                moonrise together... talon was a sheet of glass... just the 
                fire, that long beach and long sunset, then the stars. perfect."




a fly-in canoe trip
                to royd lake in woodland caribou provincial park by martin kehoe
                if you enjoy watching a bear foraging for food,
                enjoy hitting that great lake trout spot or enjoy
                watching a bull moose following a cow and calf on
                a small island, you'll really enjoy martin's
                latest woodland caribou park story. martin's
                group of four flew to royd lake and fished
                through the fifteen portages to murdock lake.
                come along now, then start thinking of your own
                trip to this great wilderness area.




a garner lake enty
                into woodland caribou provincial park
by
                martin kehoe 
                martin takes you to another western entry point
                to the park. by using the garner lake entry "you
                will be rewarded with little contact with other
                canoeists, fantastic fishing and the chance to
                travel remote backcountry and still have
                maintained portages. do it once and it will be
                your destination of choice for great
                canoeing."




a canoe trip
                journal - september
                in woodland caribou park
by
                mel funk and walt price
                mel and walt take you to a great pickerel
                (walleye) lake in the south central part of the
                park. as they describe in their journal: "we
                had caught 14 walleye and 4 pike in our morning's
                fishing..." the best part is that they released
                almost all of the fish they caught. the fish are
                still out there! join mel and walt in some
                fishing, a few portages and a liter of chowder at
                their campsite below the falls.




woodland caribou
                journal - the
                wanipigow river
by
                martin kehoe
                the wanipigow river can take you from wallace
                lake in manitoba to the crystal lake entry point
                of woodland caribou park. this seldom-used part
                of the park offers traveling adventure, good
                campsites and some great views of the land.
                martin's journal contains great information about
                a canoe trip through this great route.




woodland caribou
                journal - of a solo
                trip into woodland caribou park by martin kehoe
                may can be a challenging time in woodland caribou
                park. martin traveled through hot, sunny days,
                woke up to sleet and snow, and crossed open lakes
                of numbing cold water. his canoe journal takes
                you to the interior of the northern half of
                woodland caribou park - to lakes and streams not
                often seen. martin's excellent canoe journal will
                take you to these lonely lands, to places perfect
                for those seeking adventure and solitude.




ontario's chukuni
                river - gateway to woodland caribou park
                by jim
                hegyi
                north of red lake, the chukuni river becomes
                narrow and shallow - perfect for canoeing! the
                "last stop" of the chukuni leads you
                right to the doorstep of woodland caribou park,
                another perfect canoeing destination. open,
                mature forest, big lakes, solitude and great
                fishing greet the canoe traveler on this route.




woodland caribou
                park - a different world for canoe travelers by jim hegyi
                travel north from the boundary waters to red lake
                ontario, and you'll find another wilderness park.
                woodland caribou park is only six hours of scenic
                driving from the international border. the
                wilderness of woodland caribou is an exciting
                place, much like quetico was forty years ago.
...a loud guttural growl comes
                out of the woods and i freeze in my tracks!





woodland caribou
                provincial park - good land  for canoe
                travelers by jim hegyi
                the leano lake entry point is a favorite for
                canoeists entering woodland caribou provincial
                park. it's only the beginning - the portages and
                lakes stretch all the way to the manitoba border.
                slow, narrow channels change to wide and deep
                waters. open mature forest changes to land
                scrubbed clean by fire. all of these places are
                waiting within woodland caribou park. pick up
                your paddle and discover a new place for canoe
                travelers, an unspoiled land of solitude and
                beauty.



education:



maps - compass - gps
        how to make great maps
        for your woodland
        caribou park
        canoe trip

        canoe packs
        backpacks designed for
        canoeing and portaging
 
 


        http://www.pc.gc.ca/progs/spm-whs/itm3-/site11/page1_e.asp
canada's tentative list 
        for world heritage sites
        atikaki/woodland caribou/accord first nations
 
information:

red lake 
        outfitters

goldseekers outfitting


         
inspiration:
dave hadfield's
        songs
        of canada

photographs from the 
        canoe country lhrimages.com






canoe stories from the superior
        national forest - boundary waters canoe area
information and
        links









highlights of 
                eighteen years in the bwca by dale netherton
"we got 
                lost, we fought winds and waves... near froze one morning on 
                moose lake and ran rapids, climbed devil's cascade, trekked to 
                johnson falls, relived the steps of a ranger's recordings , 
                visited pictographs and sat out many an evening by a smoldering 
                camp fire... swapping memories and lies and pitying the poor 
                souls that would never know what was to be experienced in this 
                serene rugged land."







north country sunrise by
                patrick 
                doty
patrick doty and his group of young men launch 
                their canoes into the darkness of a wilderness night. the night 
                travelers paddle and portage to one more day and a memory that 
                will last all of their days.  "i 
                look down to my right and see the ripples from my paddle shake 
                the reflection of the moon and what was left of the stars in the 
                sky..."








to cry wolf or not to cry wolf 


 by
                martin kehoe 
from his remote cabin just south of the ontario - 
                minnesota border, martin writes of an encounter with a wolf 
                pack. "when the big wolf stared at me i 
                felt the game was up and i was waiting to see how he was going 
                to alert the others."




table rock
an october canoe trip in the boundary 
                waters canoe area
                by pierre 
                girard
"we are heading for the fabled "table rock," camping site of voyageurs - often 
mentioned in 18th century fur trade journels - with a history, even among 
whites, older than any edifice of man within hundreds of miles. a perfect 
camping spot - doubtless its significance among the ojibwe, sioux and cree - 
goes back much further."




encounter on the kawishiwi
                river
a solo canoe trip into the superior
                national forest
                by jim hegyi
a loon cries out, low and
                mournful. far away, another joins the lament,
                farther still, another. you imagine the cry
                carried on and on, as the wilderness goes on and
                on...


 

big water to no water 
                and portages in between
a solo trip in the boundary waters canoe area
 
                by chuck ryan
"i grabbed my other little flash light 
                and tried looking in the direction of the noise but i couldn’t 
                see anything. now the crashing noises seem to be in slow motion 
                as it just kept coming forward...."







swanson bwca
        page




canoe country











canoe stories from quetico
        provincial park - boundary waters canoe area
information and
        links









a 9 day 
                canoe trip to white otter castle
by allan bayne
"this was my 20th canoe trip to white otter castle. 
it is a great place because there is a lot to do and see. the routes in, offer a 
variety of the best of the canadian shield. plus the scenery is spectacular, and 
the extended beaches are pristine, and you usually have them to yourself. the 
route we took this year is the same one i used when i taught wilderness 
leadership, and it is the same one i took my family on 8 years ago and featured 
in my book, 'bugs, sweat, and fears'."






fenway, 
                burritos and bears, oh my by
                 chris rudolph
                from batchawaung to cache bay, join chris and mike as they 
                paddle across ontario's quetico park in just two and a half 
                days.  chris takes you through the land, introduces you to 
                the people they meet along the way and gives you the memories 
                that make each trip to the wilderness better than the one 
                before.



wind bound on cache point
a canoe trip adventure story by jim hegyi
                lake saganaga lies on the eastern boundary of
                quetico park and the superior national forest of
                minnesota. crossing big sag can be a pleasure,
                but sometimes, when the wind comes up...
we don't know it, but the most
                memorable event of the trip is yet to come, a
                passage that will test our teamwork, strength,
                and nerve...



footsteps
a canoe trip mystery story by jim hegyi
                there are odd things in the boundary waters canoe
                area, sights and sounds foreign and strange.
"my hand reaches for the zipper.
                something jumps right onto the screen and i
                flinch back!"



island of green
a canoe trip into quetico park after
                the bird lake fire by jim hegyi
"the northern shore comes into
                view, and we suddenly realize how devastating the
                bird lake fire was. there's a feeling you get
                when winter is coming; an empty feeling as the
                green goes out of the land..."




wilderness learning: quetico
                style by harold rutan
                the boundary waters have a way of drawing you
                back. harold rutan tells about his return after
                being away more than twenty years. his canoe trip
                takes him and his stepson from clay lake in
                northeast quetico to basswood on the american
                side of the bwca. "as i opened my eyes in
                the morning...i recall being astonished when i
                thought of how we had gone from one of the most
                densely populated areas on the planet to being
                deep in the wilderness."


 

a dad and his 
                daughter by david mchone
taking a trip to the boundary waters with my 
                daughter is special and i knew it, as soon as we began to 
                prepare...



queticopark.com
ontario parks






canoe
        story fiction and essays







the
                bear-man of sharprock falls by jim
                hegyi
a strange woman, an old story, a
                storm in the night - surely there's nothing here
                to frighten four seasoned canoeists...
"the canoe slammed into
                another rock, then slid down a chute and took on
                water. she thought they would die. they were
                swept around the bend, and then zora saw the
                bears..."


 

a trip up north by 
                dale netherton

a short story about a a traveling 
                companion who has a wonderful canoe trip, despite the 
                shortcomings of his clumsy master. 


 

a view of man by 
                dale netherton

dale gives us a viewpoint that may 
                enhance your next trip into the boundary waters.


 

woodland caribou 
                signature site - comments to the advisory committee by
                
                jim hegyi
ontario's "lands for life" park planning process 
                involves local advisory committee members to discuss and make 
                recommendations to the park management.  the advisory 
                committee asks for comments from the public.  these are my 
                comments - jah





links
to other canoe story resources:

superior 
trails 
- ross reinhold
superior trails is an 
online travel, hiking, camping, and canoeing guide for the lake superior area.

snow falling on black
spruce - a northern ontario canoe sojourn down the missinaibi by parham momtahan 
"as i peeked out of the tent screen, i had to rub my waking
eyes. this was not a dream: this was snow; we were here for a
canoe trip; and it was july 1st, 2001. we
would be traveling the missinaibi river flowing into the moose
river..."
camp chippewa
did you ever wonder what it's like to paddle through the cold
fast rivers of northern manitoba and ontario? click on the
"photo albums and trip logs" link of the camp chippewa site to join
them on the seal river, the little churchill river and the bloodvein river. seals, artic grayling, whales and polar bear -
all are possible and many are seen and described as each
adventurer writes of his experience.
kermit 
wilderness adventures
phillip kenney and the frog cover a lot of territory - canoeing
in red lake, ontario, algonquin provincial park, the spanish
river, the potomac river, the shenandoah... or, if you prefer,
join them on the appalachian trail in february. visit phillip's
tips and tricks page and pick up a new idea to try on your next
trip.

dr. dennis rioux's home page
excellent canoe stories of five trips to the bwca / quetico
wilderness. in dr. rioux's words: when i am not in the classroom
and not tied to some vacuum chamber or other, i like to get out
and do some paddling. my favorite destinations are the boundary
waters canoe area wilderness and the quetico provincial park.
here are the itineraries and some selected images from trips i
have taken...

shipp webb's web site
shipp has some great trip
stories. be sure to travel with shipp "up a lazy river"
in the boundary waters canoe area wilderness and through the
kisaralik river in southwest alaska. read about his trip to
woodland caribou provincial park. besides giving you helpful
information and resources, shipp gives you plenty of reasons why
it's great to take a wilderness canoe trip.
kekekabic
trail club
information about the hiking through the superior national forest
in the bwca.
bicycle
stories by jim hegyi
wisconsin
bicycle trails - discovery and adventure
the story of a bicycle trip across the state of wisconsin.
wisconsin's
sugar river bike trail
links of interest to canoe travelers
merrimack canoe company
"the original wood-reinforced fiberglass hull was developed
by my grandfather l.h. beach more than 48 years ago. he grew up
in maine and moved to merrimack, nh where he started the
company..." - randy pew

pie iron - tools and cookware for campfire
cooking
products for the open fire cooking experience. a blend of
fun and practical cooking usefulness.
 
canoe camp fish

free information on fishing from a canoe, canoe 
camping, & wilderness camping

i hope you enjoyed some of these stories!    
    thanks! - jim hegyi


