







ohio department of job and family services
















































skip to content












              home
            



                affidavit
              



                parents
              



              genetic testing
            



                hospitals
              



              faqs 
            



                about
              



                contact
              


english



                  somali
                



                  spanish
                

















              home
            



                affidavit
              



                parents
              



              genetic testing
            



                hospitals
              



              faqs 
            



                about
              



                contact
              


english



                  somali
                



                  spanish
                




















central paternity registrywhat a difference both parents make!



what is the paternity establishment program?

this program provides paternity establishment outreach, education, training, guidance, assessment and technical assistance to birthing hospitals, local registrars, child support enforcement offices, courts, community partners and unmarried parents. the program’s focus is to promote voluntary paternity establishment to ensure that children in ohio have legally recognized fathers and the financial and emotional support that all children need and deserve.   in ohio, this program is operated by the central paternity registry (cpr) within the office of child support, ohio department of job and family services.  more information about the cpr and its functions can be found in the “about” section.  



paternity 101 – for parents video




    program brochure
  



contact informationohio central paternity registry (cpr) 1-888-810-ohio (6446)ohio department of job and family services (odjfs)→ visit websiteohio department of health→ view website  



overview of paternity establishmentpaternity means legal fatherhood. paternity establishment is how a biological father becomes the legal father of his child if he and the mother are not married. if you’re not married when your child is born, your child does not have a legal father. paternity must be established before the father’s name can appear on the birth certificate. if the mother is married, the husband is presumed to be the father.paternity can be established any time before the child becomes 23 years old. paternity can be determined even if the other parent lives in another state or a foreign country.paternity establishment is important for children and their parents. all unmarried parents should think about establishing paternity — because all kids deserve the benefits that legally recognized fatherhood can provide. establishing paternity gives both parents and their child the rights and opportunities they need and deserve. it’s easy and it’s free. an acknowledgment of paternity affidavit (jfs 07038) can be completed to establish paternity at the time of birth in the hospital or afterwards at your local registrar (health department) or county child support enforcement agency. either parent can also call the ohio central paternity registry (cpr) at 1-888-810-ohio (6446) and request a copy be mailed to you.



key faqs

+ how can paternity be established?
for unmarried parents in ohio, paternity can be established in one of three ways:

completing and signing an acknowledgment of paternity affidavit (jfs 07038): if both parties agree they are the biological parents of the child, the "acknowledgment of paternity affidavit” can be completed. by signing the form, parents are establishing paternity for their child - meaning legally recognized fatherhood. completing the form is voluntary, it’s free, and is the quickest way to establish paternity.
paternity affidavits can be completed in the hospital at the time of birth or afterwards at your local registrar (health department) or county child support enforcement agency (csea) . either parent can also call the ohio central paternity registry (cpr) at 1-888-810-ohio (6446) and and request a blank copy of the form to be mailed to you.

genetic testing, followed by an administrative order establishment of paternity (jfs 07774) at your local child support enforcement agency: genetic testing may be conducted provided there is not a final determination of paternity, there is uncertainty as to the parentage of the child or if paternity is contested. the mother, alleged father(s) or the child or child’s guardian may request that the csea conduct genetic testing to determine the father of the child. the csea will then order all parties to submit to genetic testing and will issue an administrative order of paternity based on the outcome of the genetic test. for a paternity order to be established, the test must show at least a 99% probability of fatherhood. if parties request genetic testing through the csea, the csea will schedule a support hearing to establish a support order for the child(ren) once paternity is established. if either party fails to submit to the test or fails to submit the child for genetic testing, the csea may request the court to find the party in contempt and determine the issue of paternity.
if the mother lives in ohio, please contact the csea in the mother's county of residence. if the mother lives outside of ohio, you may contact the csea in the father's county of residence.

a court order of paternity: a court order of paternity may be established through juvenile court or domestic relations court (as part of a divorce).


+ is the acknowledgement of paternity affidavit the right option for me and my child?
establishing paternity is an important decision. completing the paternity affidavit form is the quickest and easiest way for unmarried parents to establish legal fatherhood and have the father’s name placed on the birth certificate. establishing paternity gives you and your child the rights and opportunities you need and deserve.

by having his name placed on the birth certificate, the father gains legal rights to his child. his child then has access to benefits such as social security, life insurance, military benefits, and inheritances.
your child will also have access to their father’s health insurance as well as both families’ medical histories and lineages.
just as importantly, establishing paternity allows both mother and father to develop an emotional bond with their child and share in the responsibilities and rewards of parenting.
if you have any doubts about who the father of the child is, do not sign the acknowledgment of paternity affidavit. you may want to get genetic testing completed before you decide.

+ what are the requirements to complete a paternity affidavit?

both parents must provide their full name, current address, date of birth, and social security number (if they have one). the father must also provide his state or country of birth.
both the biological father and mother of the child must sign the affidavit. the affidavit may be signed by a parent without being in the other parent’s presence. each parent's signature must be notarized or witnessed by two adult witnesses at the time of signing.
parents must provide a picture id if signing in the presence of a notary; witnesses do not require a picture id.
adult family members may be a witness. neither parent may sign as a witness to the other parent’s signature.

witnesses and notaries are provided free of charge at hospitals, local registrars/health departments, and cseas.
+ how can i get a blank acknowledgment of paternity affidavit?

at the hospital when your baby is born
at your local registrar’s office (also called vital statistics or the health department) after your baby is born
at your county child support enforcement agency (csea) after your baby is born
by calling the ohio central paternity registry (cpr) at 1-888-810-ohio (6446) and requesting a copy be mailed to you.

+ will the father be required to pay child support if he signs the paternity affidavit?

it depends. both parents have a responsibility to support their child. in most cases, it will be up to the guardian of the child to request support. however, if you are receiving certain benefits, a father may be required to pay child support. if you have specific questions about your situation, please contact your local child support enforcement agency.

see all faqs


valuable resources links 



→ ohio department of job and family services/office of child support - information about child support→  ohio department of health - how to order certificates→  to find the csea in your county, call 1-800-686-1556 or use the online odjfs county directory



→ ohio legislation - to look up ohio legislation related to paternity establishment or other areas of interest → the ohio administrative code related to paternity establishment


























 











ask a questioncheck the frequently ask questions page (faqs) to see if your questions is addressed by the general information we have posted. in order to protect your family’s privacy, we can’t answer case specific questions on this website, but you can ask us to contact you, or send information, using the form below.










              name
              
                *





              email
              
                *







thank you!









back to top


homeaffidavit infoparentsgenetic testinghospitalsfaqsabout contact

 

página principalinformación de la declaración juradapadresprueba genéticahospitalespreguntas frecuentessobre

 

gurimacluumaadka dhaartawaalidiintabaaritaanka hidda-sidahaisbitaalladasu’aalaha soo-noqnoqdaku saabsan



privacy statementohio central paternity registry 1-888-810-ohio (6446)copyright © 2020 by ohio central paternity registry. all rights reserved.









