



the chemical sensitivity foundation - raising public awareness about multiple chemical sensitivity
































watch the
              fragrance-free workplaces video






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 













click here to donate to our fragrance-free campaign or our general fund.









 


csf 
                  board members alison 
                    johnson, chair
                    brunswick, maine
varda burstyn
peterborough, ontario
pamela 
                    gibson, phd
                    churchville, virginia 
jeffrey may
tyngsborough, massachusetts
l. christine oliver, md
boston, massachusetts 
robert 
                    weggel
                  reading, massachusetts 


 
 


 











 
 




fragrance-free workplaces video           
produced and directed by alison johnson

download the transcript
this film covers not only fragrance issues but also presents an overview of multiple chemical sensitivity. it features dr. l. christine oliver, an associate clinical professor of medicine at harvard medical school and former co-director of occupational and environmental medicine at massachusetts general hospital. the film also contains footage of an interview with the former commander of walter reed army medical center, dr. ronald r. blanck. people with mcs in the film include gulf war veterans and survivors of the 9/11 wtc attacks, as well as people from all walks of life.





new cdc policy limits the use of fragranced products in all cdc facilities nationwide
in june 2009, the cdc implemented a new indoor environmental quality policy for all its facilities. this policy prohibits, among other things:

incense, candles, or reed diffusers
 plug-in or spray air fresheners

 the policy also states: "[the] cdc encourages employees to be as fragrance-free as possible when they arrive in the workplace. fragrance is not appropriate for a professional work environment, and the use of some products with fragrance may be detrimental to the health of workers with chemical sensitivities, allergies, asthma, and chronic headaches/migraines."

view the entire 13-page cdc policy. 

videos and books by alison johnson, chair of the csf
 visitors to johnson's website, www.alisonjohnsonmcs.com, can learn about her documentaries and read excerpts from her books.




read the introduction to johnson's book amputated lives: coping with chemical sensitivity, which traces the development of multiple chemical sensitivity in exxon valdez clean-up workers, veterans of the 1991 gulf war, first responders and others exposed to the toxic aftermath of 9/11, and katrina victims housed in toxic fema trailers.



 read chapter one of amputated lives, "the struggle to find a safe workplace." 



 read chapter two of amputated lives, "the elusive search for a place to live."



 read chapter three of amputated lives, "the consequences of disbelief."





click here to visit
alison johnson's fragrance-free workplaces blog





recent research from dr. anne steinemann
 dr. anne steinemann, a civil engineer with a phd from stanford who has taught at georgia tech and the university of washington and now holds a chair at the university of melbourne, has published extensive research on toxic chemicals in fragranced products and has also published several studies on the prevalence of fragrance sensitivity and of multiple chemical sensitivity. for more information, visit her website:
 read more about dr. steinemann's research

hud considers multiple chemical sensitivity to be a disability 
another goal of the foundation is to call attention 
              to the housing problems faced by those with multiple chemical sensitivity. 
              there is a great need for housing that is constructed, remodeled, 
              or furnished in such a way as to minimize the use of building materials 
              and furnishings that contain and release formaldehyde and other 
              toxic chemicals that can cause severe problems for the chemically 
              sensitive. we also believe that it is important to educate landlords 
              about the effects that their pest-control or cleaning chemicals 
              can have on the chemically sensitive. in 2004 the foundation provided 
              seed money to produce a dvd to raise awareness about chemical sensitivity 
              among landlords serving renters receiving funds from programs of 
              the u.s. department of housing and urban development (hud). this 
              dvd contains an introduction from bennie howard, then acting deputy 
              director for the office of disabilities at hud, in which he stated 
              that hud considers multiple chemical sensitivity to be a disability 
              under the fair housing act and the americans with disabilities act.
click 
              here to read bennie howard's complete statement.


guide to the hud section 8 housing choice  voucher program for persons disabled with multiple chemical sensitivity 
this important new 21-page booklet full of useful information will help chemically sensitive people better understand and navigate the bureaucratic intricacies of this program that can assist them to obtain accessible affordable housing. author r. s. hurley states in her introduction: “do not simply take ‘no’ for an answer. instead, use the hud regulations and public and indian housing (pih) notices in this booklet to help you get what you need.” she provides detailed information about whom to contact at hud and how to frame your requests in the most effective way, and she also includes sample letters. click here for further information.

            niehs seminar: "multiple chemical sensitivity"
a major milestone in the chemical sensitivity foundation’s efforts to raise awareness about chemical sensitivity occurred in october 2010, when chair alison johnson was invited to present a seminar titled “multiple chemical sensitivity: a rapidly growing disorder” at the national institute of environmental health sciences (niehs), a branch of the nih. this event was cosponsored by the niehs national toxicology program and the niehs disability advocacy committee.
 click here for the article about the seminar appearing in the december issue of the niehs newsletter.

            chemical sensitivity bibliography 
our efforts to raise awareness about chemical 
              sensitivity include the distribution of a twelve-page selected bibliography 
              of studies and articles on chemical sensitivity published in peer-reviewed 
              journals. the amount of solid research on this subject is expanding 
              each year, and we believe it is important to alert physicians and 
              researchers to scientific information on this condition that is 
              as yet not always recognized or understood. one of our goals in 
              distributing this list is to stimulate other scientists to consider 
              launching research studies in this field.
click 
              here for the selected bibliography of research articles. 


 



  


 
help change the world one card at a time. 

click here for more information about obtaining these 4" x 6" cards to hand out to friends, relatives, businesses, etc.  the cards provide relevant websites on the reverse side.
 


unfortunately, the chemical sensitivity foundation has no money available to help individuals with workplace issues, housing, or legal problems. we do not have a salaried staff to answer your questions and suggest that you read the articles reached by the links on the left of this page.  of particular importance are “searching for an  elusive cure,” “heating systems and gas stoves,” and “air quality testing.” 




what is mcs?
                     this is the first section of a booklet published by ann mccampbell, m.d.
read more
making your environment safe
                     this is the first section of chapter four in multiple chemical sensitivity: a survival guide by pamela reed gibson, ph.d.
read more


 




  
 












 


copyright© 
                    2002-2019. chemical sensitivity foundation. all rights reserved. 
                    
chemical sensitivity foundation, 25 thornton way, brunswick, me 04011







 
 home | chemical sensitivity brochure | 1999 mcs consensus definition | 
mcs prevalence | fragrance free workplaces | research bibliography | searching for the elusive cure | heating systems & gas stoves | housing issues | air quality testing | legal issues | world trade center disaster | board member résumés | recommended books & dvds | media kit | contact
 











