








key west fl deep sea fishing charter - triple time sport fishing charter


























































305-923-0129
keith@fishtripletime.com















triple time
captain keith
fishing calendar
photos
book now
 


select page


  
 
 











key west deep sea fishing charter
triple time charters specializes in offshore, deep sea, and reef fishing.

about triple timebook today











have a blast fishing charters; that should be our name. at triple time charters, we strive to put the emphasis on fun fishing.

we specialize in offshore, deep sea sport fishing, but we can also show you the enjoyment of fishing near the reefs or in a secret spot.
key west fishing is a way of life for us, not just a job.
spend some quality time fishing with the triple time and you will quickly determine that we love what we do, do what we love, and do it well. having fished these waters for over 23 years we have developed a sense of ecological awareness.
key west’s warm waters offer a large variety of deep-sea fishing opportunities. you can target sailfish and marlin in the deep blue of the nearby gulf stream, troll for your dinner of dolphin (mahi mahi or dorado), fish the reef for snapper, grouper or catch the big jacks. our fishing calendar will help you decide what to target depending on the time of year.



key west fishing with capt. keith
















experience triple time

about triple time



we invite you aboard the triple time to experience the exhilaration of fishing with the experience of over 30 years brings to the hook.

the fish are always biting in key west, but we have a fishing calendar you can check for the best times to fish the local species.
check here for charter rates for key west fishing.
you will find the spacious comfort and power of the boat, the triple time, a 46′ bertram yacht, a short history of your captain keith, and above all you will see smiling faces. that is what fishing is all about aboard the triple time.



























view more photos












offshore fishing in key west

sport fishing at its best!

since the days of legendary sportsmen (think the likes of ernest hemingway), key west has been on the charts as the best offshore sports fishing destination in the us.
offshore fishing means fast-paced action and adventure! tight lines, taut with the scream of the reel as a behemoth of a fish on hook dives for the deep; hanging on for the long run of a big game fish straining the tackle to its limit!
targeted species include sailfish, marlin, tuna, wahoo, barracuda, dolphin (mahi mahi or dorado) grouper, kingfish, cobia, amberjack, snapper and of course, sharks!
it’s no secret that fishing offshore for billfish such as marlin or other big game fish demands a very experienced captain and crew. captain keith’s decades of fishing key west waters means hooking these big creatures of the sea is inevitable. with the right equipment, the right time of year, the right moon phase, and a dedication to catching big game, your fish is on!

book your charter










get to know your captain








captain keith
charter boat captain





captain keith first became a captain at just 22 years old. in pensacola, perdido key, florida, he’d fish for six months, running 120-foot to 150-foot boats in the oil fields the remaining six months. after finishing up on the oil fields, keith moved to key west, where he started fishing all year round.
keith has a lot of experience when it comes to offshore fishing and is dedicated to showing everybody aboard the triple time how to enjoy the true thrill of fishing.

about capt. keith



 










triple time
marina location
conch harbor marina
951 caroline st
slip 1
key west, fl 33040
usa



book your charter
office: 305-296-8210
800-226-8210
capt. keith: 305-923-0129
keith@fishtripletime.com



trip advisor


read our reviews on trip advisor
or add your review today!




 charter boat triple time4.8powered by googlereview us onsara pasqueretta00:48 12 apr 24captain keith is the real deal. he is so friendly and professional. i live in key west and went on my first deep sea fishing trip today. i will recommend captain keith & jake to anyone i know. they are solid humans!see all reviews 







© copyright 2020-2025 triple time fishing charters | all rights reserved. privacy policy. cookie policy. | made with ♥ by chili pepper design, llc



follow us on facebook



 




















