


type b premed























    
	type b premed
	
  




monday, july 11, 2016



	 where does hazardous waste go?
    





when you have dead batteries or burnt out light bulbs, you
may question why it’s recommended to throw them away separately from the rest
of your trash. the next question you may ask yourself is “where does hazardous
waste go?” your chicago financial advisor can't help you, but there are a number of ways to dispose of hazardous waste products,
some of which are more dangerous than others. as for you, it is best to dispose
of your hazardous waste at a local waste disposal facility. and if you own a
business that handles hazardous waste on a regular basis, it is a good idea to
purchase a hazardous waste compactor. 


read more »labels: hazardous waste, hazardous waste disposal, incineration, landfill, neutralization, nuclear waste, stabilization



posted by madison @ 9:07 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, june 22, 2016



	 craniosacral massage – what is it, and what does it help?
    



a craniosacral massage  is a light touch noninvasive therapy
used treat adults, young children and infants. this therapy can be used to help
treat a variety of dysfunctions including neck and back pain, migraines,
chronic fatigue, stroke, fibromyalgia, emotional problems, and numerous other conditions.





read more »labels: craniosacral massage, health, homeostasis, stress, touch therapy



posted by madison @ 3:20 pm  
      
         1 comments






thursday, june 16, 2016



	 best alternatives to traditional braces - clearcorrect vs. invisalign
    



the majority of people will receive some form of dental
treatment to straighten their teeth, but many people can’t afford traditional
braces, or don’t want to deal with the look and feel that they bring. there are
very few alternatives to braces that are less expensive, but many other options
are more attractive and are needed for a shorter amount of time. two common
alternatives to braces are invisalign and clearcorrect.

read more »labels: braces, clearcorrect, health, invisalign, teeth



posted by madison @ 8:44 am  
      
         3 comments






monday, november 30, 2015



	 easy ways to help your posture at work
    







many office workers spend hours at their desks each day with
little awareness of how their posture is impacting their overall health. the
result is a proliferation of completely preventable workplace injuries. you can
prevent these possibilities from happening to you by paying attention to a few
simple but key posture tips.
read more »labels: back health, back injuries, back pain, jobs, proper posture



posted by madison @ 11:07 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, september 30, 2014



	 winter swimming: what’s so good about it?
    





people would stare at you like you were crazy if you even
gave the slightest suggestion of swimming in the cold winter months. think
about how winter swimming would be like when water
takes heat from the body 30 times faster than air! could it even be
possible or would the person just end up with hypothermia? 
read more »labels: benefits of swimming in cold water, benefits of winter swimming, extreme sports, sports, swimming, swimming in cold water, winter swimming



posted by madison @ 1:17 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, june 17, 2014



	 what to expect after laser spine surgery
    





having laser spine surgery is a major decision, and doing a
lot of research is highly recommended before you go through the surgery.
besides learning everything you can about the food and medication to take or
avoid before the procedure, you also need to prepare yourself for the
aftermath. what comes after the surgery and how soon will you be able to return
to normal schedule? 
read more »labels: back health, back injuries, back pain, laser spine surgery, laser surgery, spine health, spine problems, spine surgery



posted by madison @ 10:22 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, april 25, 2014



	 anesthesia billing consultants provide needed service for practices
    






carla being given anesthesia (photo credit: resurge international)

i had a chance to speak with the owner of a new business that opened in tampa florida recently, executive anesthesia solutions. i found the approach to this business very interesting as they go beyond simply acting as a consultant to the billing department, rather taking on a much larger consulting role within the business.. jason trudell, whom i spoke with explained that their approach was to bring some of the concepts of supply chain and logistics to performance management in the health care field. as with most industries tightening their belts the last decade, the world of medicine has made a substantial push to improve efficiencies and reduce waste. anesthesia, of course, is no different. 

with years of experience both in anesthesia and the general business environment, trudell's team brings a unique skillset to the table and helps clients provide strategies rarely seen in the world of medicine. 

eas works with anesthesia groups to help valuate their group to the organization, surgeons and patients on procedures ranging from billing to within the operating room. ultimately, they aim to quantify performance on a number of fronts, and develop strategies for ongoing measurement and improvement on a variety of measurables such as room starts, staffing, preoperative clearance, and others. measuring and managing inefficiencies in the process leads to reduces costs and a better patient experience.

to learn more about how eas aims to serve physicians, check out this link: http://executiveanesthesiasolutions.com/anesthesia-providers-physicianslabels: anesthesia, anesthesia business consultants, business, medicine, supply chain



posted by madison @ 1:15 pm  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  madison 

view my complete profile



links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

where does hazardous waste go?
craniosacral massage – what is it, and what does i...
best alternatives to traditional braces - clearcor...
easy ways to help your posture at work
winter swimming: what’s so good about it?
what to expect after laser spine surgery
anesthesia billing consultants provide needed serv...
sleeping tips that will improve your spine
workouts you can do at your desk at work
options for minimally invasive spine surgery in mi...

archives

january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
october 2012
march 2013
august 2013
november 2013
january 2014
april 2014
june 2014
september 2014
november 2015
june 2016
july 2016


subscribe toposts [atom]







 






