






sunset cycles | waterson's







































home
about
services
products
contact












 











sunset cycles waiuku







welcome to sunset cycles waiuku
we are a family owned and run cycle shop that started in december 1999. my knowledge is very wide in many sectors of cycling & machinery. i offer a full-service workshop, equipped with all necessary tools and equipment to service all brands of bikes. i can build wheels from start or restore them in the pattern to suit your needs.i offer friendly service for all and will help no matter how old your bike is. if it is repairable we can do it. i will talk to you and discuss problems and possible ways of sorting out problems. i carry a range of bikes for men and women and will sort out a size and model to suit the needs to every individual.my shop is a family (even pets) friendly place to visit and get advice and service on any of your needs.

learn more about us













our products & services







bike repair services
keep your wheels spinning smoothly with our expert bike repair services! from flat tyres to major overhauls, we have the tools and expertise to get your bike back on the road. trust us to keep your ride in top condition and enjoy the freedom of cycling with confidence.

our services





bikes & scooters
get ready to hit the streets with our amazing selection of bikes and scooters! we offer a wide range of styles and sizes to suit every rider, from casual cruisers to high-performance machines. with our competitive prices and expert advice, you can find the perfect ride to suit your needs and your budget.

view our products





bike accessories
enhance your cycling experience with our premium selection of bike accessories! from safety gear to performance upgrades, we have everything you need to make the most of your ride. with top-quality brands and competitive prices, we’re your one-stop shop for everything from helmets and lights to locks and racks.

view our accessories







visit us
visit us in store to find the bike supplies you’re looking for:

opening hours
mon-fri: 9am to 5pmsat: 9am to 12pm

our address
31b bowen street,waiuku 2123


  +6492352070 


get in touch







 














our links
home
about us
services
products
contact



opening hours
mon – fri: 9am – 5pmsat: 9am – 12pm

our address
31b bowen street,waiuku 2123

contact us
02 235 2070noelburgess@gmail.com







powered by boost my business



 














