









black car service - luxury transportation in salt lake city, ut | ascent luxury transportation



































































 









skip to content




 



ascent luxury transport
luxury transportation for every occasion


primary menu
vehicles
reviews
our story
posts
make a reservation online
call or text 801-263-9606
 










headquarters in salt lake city, ut





the most experienced transportation company in utah, with over 30 years of exceptional service.
since 1987, originally under the name diamond limousine, we have been offering world-class chauffeured luxury transportation to our guests. whether you’re traveling to a corporate event, company party, wedding, or just a night on the town, we are committed to making the process as smooth and relaxing as possible. we have a wide variety of vehicles, and can accommodate anywhere from one guest to two hundred, depending on your needs.








 see our vehicles


we provide a customized luxury experience, tailored to fit your needs.





trusted in the community for nearly 40 years




for almost 40 years, ascent luxury transportation–formerly known as diamond limousine–has been a recognized leader in the intermountain west. our loyal customers continue to return to us time and time again, because they know we are committed to ensuring the highest quality transportation experience for any occasion.





premium vehicles, service, and expertise.




before a chauffeur can drive for us they are thoroughly vetted. they must pass a federal background check and a rigid security review. of course, they are also professional, knowledgeable, courteous, expertly trained, and impeccably dressed.





a quality experience in each and every detail.




ascent staff utilizes the latest technologies to benefit performance and excellence. our reservation system retains specific details of your transactions and preferences, and allows for quick and easy online transactions. all aspects of our operations are coordinated to ensure the best possible experience for our valued guests–which, we hope, will include you.





wherever your destination, we’ll get you there in style.










serving all cities throughout utah and extending into surrounding states





airports we serve









salt lake city (slc)
signature aviation slc (kslc)
atlantic aviation (kslc)
ok3 air heber city (khcr)





rock springs airport (rks)
south valley regional (u42)
ogden hinckley airport (kogd)





provo municipal (kpvu)
signature aviation pvu (kpvu)
idaho falls regional airport (ida)
tooele valley airport (ktuy)





wendover airport (kenn)
spanish fork municipal (kspk)
pocatello regional airport (pih)










 1552 south 300 west
salt lake city, utah 84115

 call or text  801-263-9606
info@ascentlt.com

 



















?>

