








home | department of mathematics































































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















college of liberal arts and sciencesdepartment of mathematics 


search this sitesearch in https://math.uconn.edu/>search 








department of mathematics




homeabout

aboutcontact us
faculty awards
employment
vision
resources
keep in touchgiving
facebook
x
youtube

people

facultyregular faculty
affiliated faculty
short-term faculty
adjunct faculty
emeriti
in memoriam
graduate studentsmathematics
actuarial science
applied financial mathematics
staffdepartment administration
administrative staff
affiliated centers and groups
lookupsearch this sitesearch in https://math.uconn.edu/>search
research

research areasresearch overview
actuarial science
algebra and number theory
analysis
applied mathematics
geometry and topology
mathematics education
mathematical finance
mathematical logic
numerical analysis
partial differential equations
probability theory
eventscolloquium
seminars
conferences
special semesters
distinguished lecture series
annual awards day lecture

msrcundergraduate programs

for prospective studentsgeneral information
prospective students
admissions
mathematics placement exam
transferring in math credit
degree programsmathematics major
mathematics minor
actuarial science major
honors program
early college experience
for current studentscourse schedule
course pages
plans of study
student awards
math club
reu programs
drp program
resources
careers

graduate programs

for prospective studentsgeneral information
admissions
financial aid
gaann fellowship
degree programsph.d. in mathematics
m.s. in mathematics
ph.d. in mathematics with thesis in actuarial science
m.s. in mathematics – concentration in actuarial science
m.s. in applied financial mathematics
m.s. in applied financial mathematics – actuarial science
for current studentscourse schedule
topics courses
preliminary exams
student awards
ph.d. alumni
resources

newscalendarintranet  








discover. solve. succeed.
with uconn mathematics.
mathematics is the foundation of science and technology.

		and because of that, the department of mathematics is an exciting place to be. we are a community of scholars, teachers, and students. we drive discovery through our world-class research, and deliver exceptional education to inspire tomorrow's problem-solvers and innovators. discover us for yourself.
	




				undergraduate program
			


				students can pursue six major options, including pure and applied math, math teaching, actuarial science, and a joint mathematics/statistics degree.
				


learn more




				graduate program
			


					we offer doctoral and master's programs in a wide range of specializations, guided by world-class faculty.
				


learn more




				research
			


					our faculty work in all major areas of mathematics, from theory to applications, and everything in between.
				


learn more


 


by the numbers




600


undergraduate majors




400


minors




75


graduate students




50


faculty members


news & achievements


the uconn math department will host 2025 spring eastern ams sectional meeting

january 17, 2025



[read more]





professor guozhen lu elected to ct academy of the arts and sciences

november 19, 2024



professor guozhen lu was elected to the connecticut academy of the arts and sciences (caas) with membership commencing in 2023-2024 academic year. the caas was founded in 1799 and is the third-oldest learned society in the united states. its purpose is the dissemination of scholarly information. for the past 200 years, the academy has fulfilled […]
[read more]





uconn mathematics awarded gaann fellowship grant from us department of education

october 8, 2024



the uconn mathematics department has been awarded a gaann grant (graduate assistance in areas of national need) from the department of education. the grant will provide five fellowships per year for three years to graduate students with excellent records who demonstrate financial need and plan to pursue a doctoral degree in mathematics at uconn, a […]
[read more]





professor guozhen lu named fellow of the association for women in mathematics

september 13, 2024



professor guozhen lu has been named a fellow of the association for women in mathematics. the citation for guozhen says this honor is: for his sustained support and service to awm, mentorship of early and mid-career female scientists, and advocacy in the career advancement of talented female mathematicians, including recognition in the form of honors and awards. […]
[read more]





professor guozhen lu appointed editor-in-chief of forum mathematicum

september 6, 2024



guozhen lu has been appointed editor-in-chief of forum mathematicum, a premier journal in general mathematics. dr. lu is currently also the editor-in-chief of advanced nonlinear studies, a major journal in nonlinear analysis, partial differential equations and calculus of variations, as well as editor-in-chief of the de gruyter flagship book series studies in mathematics. in addition, dr. lu […]
[read more]





 society of actuaries center of actuarial excellence award

july 24, 2024



the uconn mathematics department‘s actuarial science program continues its extraordinary record of recognition and excellence. the society of actuaries has awarded the university of connecticut the center of actuarial excellence designation for another period of five years, up to june 30, 2029. our actuarial science program benefits from its strong ties with the school of […]
[read more]


more news »upcoming events 

feb
19
 algebra seminar - canonical bases for moduli spaces of local systems on a surface, hyun kyu kim (kias) 11:15am






×


 algebra seminar - canonical bases for moduli spaces of local systems on a surface, hyun kyu kim (kias) 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        11:15 am - 12:05 pm                                                    


                                                         monteith building                                                     






 hyun kyu kim (kias) will speak about canonical bases for moduli spaces of local systems on a surfaceabstract: for a punctured surface s and a split reductive algebraic group g such as \(sl_n\) or \(pgl_n\), fock and goncharov (and shen) consider two types of moduli spaces parametrizing g-local systems on s together with certain data at punctures. they show that these spaces have special coordinate charts, hence are birational to cluster varieties. fock and goncharov’s duality conjectures predict the existence of a canonical basis of the algebra of regular functions on one of these spaces, enumerated by the tropical integer points of the other space. i will give an introductory overview of this topic, briefly explain recent developments involving quantum topology and mirror symmetry of log calabi-yau varieties, and present some open problems if time allows. 


contact information:    mihai fulger mihai.fulger@uconn.edu 

more








feb
19
 math club: chebyshev polynomials and interpolation, by jake brown (uconn) 5:30pm






×


 math club: chebyshev polynomials and interpolation, by jake brown (uconn) 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        05:30 pm - 06:30 pm                                                    


                                                         monteith 111                                                     


 



   in trigonometry, \(\cos(2\theta) = \cos^2(\theta) - \sin^2(\theta) = 2\cos^2(\theta) - 1\), so \(\cos(2\theta)\) is a quadratic polynomial in \(\cos(\theta)\). surprisingly, this extends to all higher multiple angles: \(\cos(n\theta)\) is a polynomial of degree \(n\) in \(\cos(\theta)\)! for example, the calculation above shows the second chebyshev polynomial is \(2x^2-1\).  these polynomials, called the chebyshev polynomials, are very special. in this talk we will discuss two ways to construct chebyshev polynomials, some properties of these polynomials, and then present their important role in finding the polynomial that best approximates a function on \([-1,1]\).   note: free refreshments. the talk starts at 5:40. 


contact information:   

more








feb
20
 mathematics colloquium, direct and inverse problems in monitoring of faults, anna mazzucato (penn state) 3:30pm






×


 mathematics colloquium, direct and inverse problems in monitoring of faults, anna mazzucato (penn state) 




                                                        thursday, february 20th, 2025                                                    

                                                        03:30 pm - 04:30 pm                                                    


                                                         mont 214                                                     






   i will discuss a model of elastic dislocations applicable to buried faults in the earth’s crust in between seismic events. the forward problem amounts to solving a non-standard transmission problem for a system of linear pdes in elastostatics, knowing the fault and how much the rock has slipped at the fault. the inverse problem consists in determining the geometry of the fault and the slip at the fault from surface measurements, which can be obtained from gps and satellite data. while the direct problem is well posed, the inverse problem is generally ill-posed unless assumptions are made on the fault. i will present a uniqueness result for the inverse problem and an iterative reconstruction algorithm based on a distributed shape derivative, which measures the change in the rock displacement under infinitesimal movements of the fault and the slip. i will close with some simple numerical tests from synthetic data. if time permits, i will also discuss non-linear and non-local viscoelastic models for the fault dynamics.  this is joint work with andrea aspri (university of milan), elena beretta (nyu-abu dhabi), maarten de hoop (rice university), and phd student arum lee. 


contact information:    ovidiu munteanu 

more








feb
21
 math motivators kick-off meeting 12:00pm






×


 math motivators kick-off meeting 




                                                        friday, february 21st, 2025                                                    

                                                        12:00 pm - 01:00 pm                                                    


                                                         monteith building                                                     


 



 


contact information:   

more








feb
21
 sigma seminar - from ta, to instructor, to professor: teaching advice for a career in academia - kim savinon (uconn) 12:20pm






×


 sigma seminar - from ta, to instructor, to professor: teaching advice for a career in academia - kim savinon (uconn) 




                                                        friday, february 21st, 2025                                                    

                                                        12:20 pm - 01:10 pm                                                    


                                                         monteith building                                                     






   in this talk, i will share practical advice for developing effective teaching practices, engaging diverse student populations, and balancing instructional responsibilities with research and service. drawing on my experiences as a ta, instructor, and mentor, i will discuss ideas for course design, alternative assessments, and active learning strategies that foster student success. specifically, we will explore opportunities available to graduate students that can enhance your prospects in the teaching job market.  whether you are just starting as a ta or envisioning a long-term academic career, this talk will provide insights to help you grow as an educator while navigating the challenges of teaching in higher education. 


contact information:   

more






more events » 


 









emailfacebooklinkedinphonetwittersupport the department
quick linksgoldenson center for actuarial research
quantitative learning center
association for symbolic logic
uconn math club
research experience for undergraduates
employment opportunities
contact usphone: 860.486.3923address: 341 mansfield road u1009
storrs, connecticut 06269-1009  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index




































