









rostra - cruise control, fmvss 111 fleet safety products, lighting accessories, and more















































































(800) 782-3379



alltech@rostra.com






support
contact
about
products 


sourcepwr plus® power supply
universal and custom cruise control
vehicle speed limiters
vehicle camera systems
digital video recording systems
parking assistance and blind spot detection
vehicle seating upgrades



home




find and order a rostra camera system with our all-new vision cross-reference tool by clicking here.





(800) 782-3379



alltech@rostra.com










year


make


model



vehicle search






commercial vehicle blind spot detection system
the latest in commercial fleet safety technology, this system detects blind spot, overtaking, and cross traffic of other vehicles, people, or objects.

click here to learn more...





popular products



commercial blind spot detection





seat heaters





fleet vehicle speed limiters





cruise control





mirrors with integrated lcd screens





parking assistance systems





vehicle camera systems





digital video recording systems





new products and news


new product: cruise control and vehicle speed-limiter for 2022-2024 chevrolet silverado and gmc sierra with push-button start ignition now available.
new product: commercial-grade blind spot detection and rcta now available.
new product:  new auto-dimming (ec) gentex™ mirror/monitor now available.
new product: fmvss 111 compliant rearview mirror with integrated 3.3" rear camera display.




new product:  4-input 7" lcd monitor with quad split-view capability.
new product:  fmvss 111 compliant 180-degree flush mount camera 250-8180 now available.
new product: custom toyota vehicle seat heating system 250-1870-toy.

2011-2023 cruise control quick-reference (revised 7/25/2023)
con-verse by rostra bluetooth® applications (revised 1/13/2020)



about rostra

rostra accessories (rostra), is a wholly-owned subsidiary of voxx international corporation (nasdaq: voxx), a global supplier of mobile and consumer electronics products. rostra is a leading manufacturer of automotive comfort, safety, and convenience accessories including electronic cruise control systems, led lighting, exterior vehicle camera systems, automotive lumbar supports and seat heaters, driver alert systems, and more.
rostra sells its products through an extensive distribution network that includes original equipment manufacturers, expeditors, mass merchandisers, regional mobile electronics chains and independent specialists both domestic and internationally. rostra possesses a strong product and patent portfolio with multiple exclusive add-on automotive components engineered and manufactured in the united states including turn signal switches for the heavy truck market through the company’s vehicle safety manufacturing division.
 







rostra is a leading manufacturer of automotive comfort, safety, and convenience accessories including electronic cruise control systems, vehicle speed limiters, backup camera relocation kits, led lighting, exterior vehicle camera systems, automotive lumbar supports and seat heaters, driver alert systems, and more.
rostra:2351 j. lawson blvd.orlando, fl, 32824









what our customers say





" just what i needed for my 1962 thunderbird! before installing this, i would get leg cramps holding the throttle constant while cruising, i swear the throttle return spring was originally a bed spring. installed this beauty before taking my trip down rt 66 in 2015. finally, 7500 miles in comfort!


jim h. - united states
250-1223 universal electronic cruise control




"this is great. it installed pretty easily. i put it on my f-350 so i can park easier since my front camera is obstructed my led lights and a light bar. i easily installed the sensors in the air dam below the bumper."


schawn d. - united states
forward-facing parking sensor system




"this installed very easily. i highly recommend it for anyone who needs this feature to make their car seat more comfortable. but this does require a high level of car handy skills, as you need to significantly disassemble a car seat."


sam g. - united states
universal lumbar support system




"i installed this in a 2018 rzr rs one. i ride in the winter and have only a windshield. i installed the seat heater and it keeps me very warm."


ron b. - united states
universal seat heater




"once installed, the jeep is more noticeable as one would expect. this is a very good safety upgrade--i was surprised drl's were not standard on wranglers. i have had compliments from other wrangler owners."


chessie t. - united states
jeep wrangler led fender drl




<>





newsletter
be the first to know about special promotions and product updates.
newsletter signup






© 2024 rostra accessories

vision cross-reference
privacy policy
terms
about rostra
contact us






















