





writers boot camp – screen writing classes































































 














 310-998-1199
 support@writersbootcamp.com


 my account
    












 310-998-1199
 support@writersbootcamp.com


 my account
                    




home
professional membership
basic training
credits
about us
contact us
enlist now



enlist now











commit 10 hours per week to start your
screenwriting career
launch your goal writing for movies and tv—and books and novels too. our mentors and unique tools have the track record to support your creative process.
get started
read blog




























about us
writers boot camp has launched major writing careers at the highest levels of film, television and digital production through intensive screenwriting support and consulting. 
learn more
read blog








our writers
our writers have won the oscar, emmy, tony and many other top industry awards. they have hundreds of a-list writing credits and thousands of hours of produced movies and series, as well as countless books and novels published. see more credits






craig cox blades of glory





steven sater spring awakening





marti noxon fright night
read more 




david levien, co-writer, rounders
read more 




shawn schepps





gary marks the music never stopped
read more 




cindy chupack sex in the city
read more 




alan cohen & alan freedland due date





matt nix burn notice
read more 




spotlight





billions





the farewell





modern family





spring awakening











our creative support
creative support and professional tools to enhance your writing and evaluation skills in the entertainment industry.


 
consulting services
 are you a producer or filmmaker in need of customized support?  are you a company exec looking for a new writer or to train creative staff?        


 
professional membership
 learn rewriting as you complete multiple projects in 18 months and vest ongoing career benefits, free script evaluation annually and monthly mini-camps and industry speakers.        


 
basic training
 take an idea through first draft and two rewrites in 10 weeks while learning unique tools and comprehensive fundamentals from the founder of writers boot camp.        









join our a-list
we have supported and empowered more than 20,000+ writers and filmmakers in their professional education. learn unique tools and distinctions that will challenge your own expectations to achieve your creative best to set yourself apart to work at the highest levels of the entertainment industry.
enlist now








testimonials




"writers boot camp gave me support in the crucial beginning stages of my first movie which landed me an overall studio deal."
-- shawn schepps, feature film and tv writer, encino man, weeds






"my writers boot camp script got me an agent, five tv movies and a feature deal in two years."
-- nancey silvers, writer-producer (dozens of tv movies)






"with a hit off broadway play under my belt, i still knew nothing of screenwriting technique before enrolling in writers boot camp. in fact, it was my first writing course of any kind (think tank--which is now pro membership--was the second)."
-- steven sater, tony-award winner for spring awakening






"as someone with a fair amount of experience in creative writing groups and classes, writers boot camp was a wake-up call for me.  the emphasis on the tools provided and the clear, forthright explanations of how to apply those tools to your writing in a step-by-step process was both invaluable and far superior to other programs."
-- dianna zimmerman, m.a. creative writing, published author






"after 19 years as a broadway actor and creative director/fashion editor, i was ready to tell my own stories and wbc gave me the tools to organize all my wild ideas.  i also needed a space that was wildly inclusive and supportive of diversity and capable of giving constructive feedback no matter the subject matter. thanks, jeff!"
-- james brown iii, actor-writer-producer






""my last day of project group, i turned to a close friend whom i met when we first started. "can you believe it's been nearly two years?" i said. "two? it feels more like 10." this feeling was testament to the enormous amount of ground covered in professional membership. not only did i learn the fundamentals of telling a story - a skill that applies to all forms of writing and analysis - i learned how to look at myself through my work and to better understand what i was trying to say.""
-- andrea arria-devoe, writer-producer






""there are so many incredible aspects to pro membership, as well as basic training. the tools are truly idiot-proof, however, they aren't without sophistication. they lead you to translate the ideas floating around your head into life on a page--a structure, then scenes, and ultimately a working story. writers boot camp is the kind of learning environment that one could return to at any point in their career, whether you have won an academy award or are a beginner.""
-- maya mclaughlin, actor-writer






"“it was a great jump-start for me. i had stalled a little bit - was having trouble coming up with ideas, etc. writers boot camp got me into a writing routine and gave me tools to get unstuck. also, i was able to finish a script on deadline - even though it needed a lot of work, i started to feel like i had enough drive to keep at it… “"
-- marti noxon, tv show runner, unscripted, madmen






""my writers boot camp experience was essentially a series of escalating breakthroughs and deepening insights, pushing me toward mastery of the art and business of screenwriting…but my most potent writing breakthrough struck when i realized that the most potent writing breakthroughs are not, strictly speaking, 'writing' breakthroughs at all. they're conceptual breakthroughs. writing well is necessary, but not sufficient. i'm certain that i wouldn't understand any of this nearly as well without the luxury of developing my craft in the sheltered harbor of writers boot camp, where being an unknown writer (for now) is the best thing that ever happened."
-- john dardis, writer-filmmaker














our mentors & staff
our team will empower you to be an authority of your own material as you learn by analogy from fellow writers.






cory
born and raised in san jose, california, cory stone studied business management at san jose state university with a focus in radio, television & film....
read more





jeffrey gordon
founder
inspired by the lack of writing results in lecture classes in the 1980’s, jeffrey gordon (jg) founded writers boot camp with seven writers in his...
read more





brad
a native new yorker with a background in theater and performance, brad has spent over a decade writing, working with and learning from playwrights, tv...
read more









our blog




 


free mini-camp: attracting representation
attracting representation creating a story inventory & other ways to rep-present yourself sat. feb. 22nd, 10am-11:15am (la time) via zoom by founder jeffrey gordon (jg)...
read more






 


aap fellowship february 2025
while every application will be given equal consideration, we encourage writers to apply early and not to wait until the last day to apply. for...
read more






 


november 12th industry panel
free industry panel: writers boot camp filmmaker alumni three pro members who have recently written and directed feature films tuesday, november 12th, 5-6:30pm la time...
read more








the secret  to writing  is writing





writing support
pro membership
basic training
private consultation



learn more
a-list approach
wbc faq
diversity history
 

about us
articles/press
blog posts
wbc fellowship
 


ideas (important dates, events, & announcements)





new ideas
read more










copyright © 1989 - 2024 





























login

















					remember me				


				forgot password?			







					create a new account					





 

























































