









welcome to blessington parish















































 





 








about

our parish
parish team
mass times & church information

blessington
crosschapel
manor kilbride
valleymount
lacken


monthly rotas
sacraments
parish webcam
local schools
community groups


parish facilities

parish office
coimín centre
st josephs hall


policies

safeguarding


newsletter

news archive
social media


contact
father kevin’s homilies
father kevins web





menu


menu

facebookmail 






welcome to blessington parish

there is nothing as strong as us together – ní neart go cur le chéile
we dwell with the shade of each other – ar scáth a chéile a mhaireann na daoine

blessington is a picturesque location at the foot of the wicklow mountains. being surrounded by mountains, rivers and lakes it makes a tranquil setting and an idyllic place to live or visit. a warm welcome is always extended to visitors and new residents of our parish. this website is designed to give parish members and visitors details of our upcoming parish events and services. please feel free to get in touch with the parish office with any queries you may have.


today in the parish
saturday15th to friday 21st february 2025february 13, 2025saturday 15th february: healing mass will take place at 11am, church of our lady, blessington
saturday 8th february : blessington: 6pm mass. confessions: after 6pm mass. lacken: 7.30pm mass.
sunday 9th  february : blessington & valleymount: 10am, manor kilbride: 11am, crosschapel: 11.30am.
rosary & holy hour  the holy hour with rosary and adoration is every wednesday at the new time 10.00am to 11.00 am for the duration of the winter months.


http://blessingtonparish.ie/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/blessington-parish-logo-1-1030x787.png
0
0


office

http://blessingtonparish.ie/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/blessington-parish-logo-1-1030x787.png

office2025-02-13 13:09:102025-02-13 13:09:10saturday15th to friday 21st february 2025
click for parish newsletterparish webcam
click the link to access the parish webcam







click to donate to the parish

donate
terms & conditions


parish lotto

st. marys’ schools & blessington parish fundraiser
join our lotto to help raise funds for our schools’ and parish and you could win up to €5,000
“i am delighted to announce the launch of our st. marys’ schools and blessington parish fundraiser.
it’s a fund-raising initiative and the money raised will be used to directly support our schools and parish.
you can help in a real, practical way by joining and your support is greatly appreciated.
we understand the financial challenge for many of our parishioners and hope that the weekly option of €2 per line will allow everybody to contribute. if you can contribute 3 lines for €5 it would be hugely appreciated and you never know you might just win!”
fr gerry
it’s really simple to join and it takes just a minute.
to find out more: click here, call into the parish office or call 01 546 1131

click here for parish lotto
mass times & church informationclick on church name for details



church of our lady, blessington


church of our lady of mercy, crosschapel


st brigid’s church, manor kilbride


st joseph’s church, valleymount


church of our lady of mount carmel, lacken


church information


parish office

monthly rotas

sacraments

coimín centre

st. josephs hall


parish links

coimín centre

st joseph’s hall

confirmation registration 

blessington parish church locations
maps were disabled by the visitor on this site. click to open the map in a new window.
 


© copyright 2024 - blessington parish office 
facebookmailprivacy policy
cookie policy (eu)







scroll to top





manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept cookies
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
















