






orange – exposure




















skip to content






view menu




view sidebar













photography

photography tips
photography classes
history of photography
fine-art photography


about

contact
privacy policy

earnings disclaimer
terms of use




 







search for:



  recent posts 

how to frame photographs


photography tips


photography classes


photography


history of photography


archives 
october 2014
august 2014
july 2014
may 2014

 











30/10/201430/10/2014 by  admin 
how to frame photographs 


photography



the art of framing a photograph is a skill that can be learned or taught to you by a professional picture framer.
one of the custom framers who is also a tutor is david schummy from brisbane, australia. david has a basic picture framing class available on dvd at pictureframeclass.com.
when photographs are framed they usually have a colored border around them called matting, mat or matte borders.
these borders serve two primary purposes.
firstly, they are used to enhance the colours and contrast of the photo being framed.
secondly, they provide a gap between the photograph and the glazing material. if the photo touches the glazing then it can stick over time causing irreversible damage.
wikipedia has further information on mat types here.
the basic cutting technique for cutting a mat to fit a photograph is shown in the video below.

custom framers use matting to set the pictures back from the glass.
the best quality mat boards and mounts are either 100% cotton rag boards or made of alpha-cellulose material. these types of boards are acid-free and are buffered with calcium carbonate to maintain a ph neutral state or a slightly alkaline ph. acidity in common paper products gradually causes their degradation. the purpose of the matting is to provide an air gap preventing the glass from coming into contact with the photo and the acid-free backing is put behind the image to protect it from behind.
the images are usually backed with a layer of mat board or mounting board to isolate the image within the frame.
the images are held in place by different methods but the most common method is to hinge the picture using either hinging tapes or japanese paper hinges.
while most mats are generally rectangular in shape and have a rectangular opening the possibilities for cutting various shapes is endless.
mat boards are usually made of paper-based material or purified cotton fibers.
they can be decorated with ink and paint or have fabrics and other materials applied to the surface to create a unique finish. fabric covered mats are often used as backing boards for objects such as medals, jerseys, flags or cloth patches that can be pinned or sewn onto them.
a common form of decoration on plain ivory or white mats is the washline or sometimes know as the french line or french panel.
a washline is drawn on the mat with ink or paint and is often color matched to the artwork it surrounds. it is used as additional decoration to help draw the eye in towards the center of the display and can be done using drawing pencils, inks or paint.  the french panel usually has a thicker border formed by adhering marbled paper or other decorative material ranging from gilded sections to designs in ink or paint. typically a painted french panel or french wash is done in diluted watercolour that has been matched to the image being framed.
although washlines are not used extensively on modern photographs they can add a touch of nostalgia to restored images and even create tension a guide the viewer in modern architectural images.
some of these techniques are exploited by brisbane picture framing company, fix-a-frame.
if you need help with designing something special for your artwork or photograph and you can visit them then you will be rewarded with a traditional and modern framing service at it’s finest.






23/08/201403/09/2014 by  admin 
photography tips 


photography



32 tips for taking better flower photos
1) take photographs on bright, overcast days – avoid harsh sunlight.
2) take photos early in the morning – the light is softer and warmer.
3) on bright, sunny days diffuse the sunlight or shoot in open shade.
4) on bright, sunny days try backlit photos (protect your eyes).
5) try shooting silhouetted flowers, plants or trees versus sunsets.
6) use your camera’s ‘macro’ setting or a higher ‘f-number’, such as f16.
7) use a tripod or bean bag to keep your camera steady.
8) use a tripod which allows you to splay its legs and get down low.
9) foam mats and knee protectors make shooting flowers more comfortable.
10)   fill the frame along with the flower – get close. make the flower the focal point.
11)   don’t place the flower in the centre of the frame – offset the image (rule of thirds).
12)   offset and insects in your frame (rule of thirds).
13)   make sure your subject is in good condition, use perfect flowers.
14)   try different angles – e.g. the edge of the flower, rather than above.
15)   photograph odd numbers of flowers, if you want to include several  flowers in the frame i.e. 1, 3, 5. it looks better.
16)   avoid distracting backgrounds – look for muted colours, or complimentary coloured backgrounds.
17)   avoid white backgrounds; these draw your viewer’s eye away from the subject.
18)   take your own background e.g. black or dark green card, or better still – velvet.
19)   don’t use ordinary on-camera flash, switch it off.
20)   use a reflector such as a mirror, tin foil or white card to fill in shadows and add interesting light to your subject.
21)   avoid very, breezy days – your photos won’t be sharp.
22)   use a support to stabilise your subject if there is a breeze.
23)   shoot early in the morning, when there is usually less breeze.
24)   if the breeze is a problem, try shooting in ‘sports mode’ or in ‘shutter priority’ mode at 1/250th second or more, and use continuous shooting.
25)   alternatively, use the moving flowers to create and an abstract image e.g. use blur creatively.
26)   take photos indoors by placing the flowers on your window ledge (use a reflector to fill any shadows, or use the backlighting technique).
27)   try your camera’s ‘cloudy white balance’ setting – this adds warmth to your photos.
28)   use a small water sprayer to add ‘dew’ to your flowers.
29)   use a watering can to add ‘rain’ to your photos. shoot in ‘shutter priority’ mode at around 1/125 or 1/60 second for good results. use a timer or an assistant to sprinkle water onto the flowers. use backlighting.
30)   try black and white or sepia shots for something different. use editing software or your camera settings.
31)   print out your work: make cards, framed pictures, canvas prints.
32)   learn about photography and flowers. get inspired and have actually fun.






15/08/201403/09/2014 by  admin 
photography classes 


photography



singling out one class as the most effective photography class for everyone is impossible. choosing a class is very personal, with several important factors influencing the decision of any prospective photography student.
and, there are so several top photography classes out there that it isn’t possible to define any one as the perfect fit for all students – decide on the class that is right for you. think about your personal lifestyle, needs and wants, and your financial situation, and choose the photography class that best matches your requirements. consider photography classes that offer their students scholarships and assistance with internships – internships at an photography company will give you a strong sense of what your future career in photography holds.
location is one of the most important facets in deciding on a class; after all, you will be spending a great deal of time around campus. select an photography class in a location that inspires creativity in your photography. for instance, if natural landscapes get your imagination juices flowing, choose an photography class in more rural areas. on the other hand, if you prefer a busier atmosphere, choose an photography class in a livelier city center. consider your personal comfort level and location preference when deciding on the photography class for you.
the strength of the academic programs and faculty at the top photography classes should definitely guide your decision. go for the photography class that speaks to you as an up-and-coming designer – in such a setting you will learn more and perform at your best. browse the photography class’s course catalog to get a feeling for the types of courses offered. if you have a particular branch of photography in mind that you would certainly like to study, select the class that emphasizes it. if you prefer a more holistic education in design, choose the class with strong integrated programs with subjects like graphic design, photography, and game design. consider these related programs when selecting the right photography class for you.
consider photography classes with non-academic activities you may want to continue pursuing in college: social clubs, volunteer organizations, and athletic programs, for instance. these are important in enhancing your overall experience at class. after all, your photography courses are only one part of your overall time spent at class. remember that the most effective photography class for you will be one that can meet all your needs – both academic and non-academic!
getting into an photography class is a milestone in your life, the beginning of an exciting journey. make sure you know what you want to get out of photography class, and have that guide you to finding the most effective photography class for you.






03/08/201403/09/2014 by  admin 
photography 


photography



when you plan to do travel photography, ask yourself these two questions: do you travel to take photos or will you just take photos while you travel?most guys have at least two things in common. most love all sports and anything tech. he will be able to fulfill both of his passions with a top notch brand-new camera.
it is common that lots of photographers rely very much on their camera’s autofocus, reason being it makes photography way easier to conduct.i enjoy photographing babies as i really do love children. lots of might shiver at the words “photographing babies” as this is one of the most challenging photography genres.
other than having good lighting, having a good background set-up is also very important during photo shoots. have your object placed versus a matching, neat background.when you keep the camera’s shutter open for more than a few minutes, the chances of having visible digital “noise” to appear in the image taken will increase.
lowepro, known for its quality and innovation when it comes to bags since 1967, created the adventura 170 shoulder bag for your dslr cameras.photographers are constantly developing techniques and principles used in digital photography to enable photographs to be used to create canvas prints.
it is a first rate, professional looking bag that projects the image that you really know what you are doing and instantly earns the respect of your colleagues. when people know that you have an interest in photography, one of the questions i am usually asked is, i’m looking for a brand-new camera – what camera should i buy?
i have been taking photos for over 30 years now, moving over to digital about 10 years ago. i’d like to pass you on some tips on how to get the best results with your camera. what’s the right shutter speed for a given situation? it rather depends on the image you are trying to achieve. for starters you need a speed that will eliminate camera shake – 1/60 sec or less.
photography can be more creative than just pointing the camera & taking the photo. if you want to improve your photography skills & try out more settings than auto mode then you need to understand the effect of the aperture setting & the shutter speed.maternity photography is no doubt an important activity to be desired by the expectant mothers and would-be fathers. after handling initial opposition from community or elder family members,
the best digital photo printer for you does not have to be the most expensive or the one with most features. what you should look for in a printer are the features that you would certainly need. the basic functionalities that you need to consider are the resolution and print sizes.






04/07/201403/09/2014 by  admin 
history of photography 


photography



when you think of panoramic photography, you may be reminded of cinemascope or widescreen films like lawrence of arabia, where the shots of expansive desert vistas are visually stunning, and you feel like you’re there. the use of panoramic photography, a subject i studied in depth at photography school (and hopefully you’ll have a chance study at one of the photography schools as well), has been in existence since photography’s origins, even though the early prototypes and approaches were cumbersome, and at times consisted of multiple plates displayed next to each other to depict the wide view. 
the first instance of panoramic photography dates back to the 1840s, when joseph puchberger developed a camera that would expose a large daguerreotype of approximately 24 inches in size. 
 other developments followed: the german inventor friedrich von martens created the megaskop in 1844, which consisted of what is called a swing lens that was operated by gears and a crank; his initial prototype used 4.7″ x 15″ curved daguerreotype plates with a 150 degree arc. the term megaskop derives from the magic lantern, which was used to magnify opaque images, such as glass slides, and served as an early prototype of the motion picture. 
the development of the wet-plate collodion process (which created a negative image on transparent glass that required the image to go through a 15-minute process, in which it was coated, sensitized, exposed and developed, proving much easier than daguerreotypes), allowed photographers to take a range of photographs and arrange them edge by edge to create a panorama.  
another thing i learned in photography school was that the word panoramic is usually used in regards to an image with a wide aspect ratio. the ratios of panoramic (also known as wide format photography) usually feature an aspect ratio of 2:1 or larger, with the image, in many cases, being almost twice as wide in length compared to its height. the ratios often vary; for example, they can range from 4:1 to 10:1, with some images capturing a range of 360 degrees. 
it became more of a possibility to create panoramic photographs once eastman kodak created photographic film in the late 1880s. as daguerreotypes were traditionally made of glass and took long periods of time to expose and develop, photographic film became a revelation of sorts, allowing for different sizes and a greater ability to create panoramic photographs. 
many other developments followed, such as the cylindrograph, which was a rotating lens panoramic camera that had a range of 170 degrees; the film was rotated by hand in order to create an exposure.kodak also developed two panoramic cameras at the turn of the century: one with a 112 field of view; the other with a 142 field of view. 
developments with panoramic cameras continue to the present day and their usage and technique is actually being taught more frequently in photography schools. digital technology has also made it easier to create panoramic images. 
while in photography school, i had the opportunity to experiment with a full rotation film camera. they’re pretty spiffy in that they feature a mechanism that continually rotates the camera and takes the film through it, allowing you to take full 360-degree photography. 
later on at photography school, i would experiment with a high resolution digital panoscan, which also allows for 360 degree panoramic images. i would have to say that i preferred the panoscan for its higher resolution and its ability to digitally enhance the color, based on its ccd elements. whatever camera you choose, however, always make sure to take advantage of the unique aspects of panoramic photography. 






08/05/201403/09/2014 by  admin 
fine-art photography 


photography



photography is the art of taking the photos through the camera. this is an occupation or career for some and a hobby for numerous to pursue. use of digital cameras of different grades and specifications is made for this purpose. while a common person could be using the camera present in his mobile, professionals make use of the stand alone cameras with advanced features which clearly mark the difference in the quality of photos, be it the black and white photographs or the coloured ones.
black and white photographs give a vintage look. these invoke the memories of past and are treated as pieces of nostalgic art. these are associated with the historic past, when the coloured photography was around and every photo shot was in hues of black and white only. today, this type of photography is treated as a welcome break from the colour photography. this is treated as something different from routine. it is considered to be classic in approach.
the photographs are shot for any real life object, place or things. the art lies in not just taking a shot but also making sure that there could not have been anything better than that shot. there is no dearth of things of which photos can be taken. fine art photography can be done for the various gifts that mother nature has actually given us or also for the wonderful creations of man. taking the black and white photographs is quite challenging. the effects of shadow, depth of shoot, background and foreground colour hues make things complex. then the shoot has actually to be done in such a way that it brings out images of australia in sharper focus. all this requires a great deal of maturity and professional in the photographer.
a professional photographer could be working on demand of the different private individuals and organization or industry. his corporate photography service might include doing the photo shoot for the models, fashion and beauty industry as well as for other industries for their advertising needs. some of the photographers specialize in the wilderness photography while some others specialise in the corporate photography. however, for some of the highly skilled photographers, working in any stream is not a problem.
australia is a large country, offering plenty to the professional photographers to shoot for. their aim is to capture the images of australia, whether man made or natural, whether for their own hobby or for the others. fine art photography is based on the creative genius of the photographer and has actually artistic aspects to it. the fine art photographs find their place in the art galleries. this is generally treated as different from journalism photography, which is essentially meant for news products, and also from commercial or corporate photography which is mainly meant for advertisement purposes.
photographers may be selling their artworks in different ways. the black and white photographs could be made available to public at large, or there can be limited edition photos which could be given for a one time fee to individuals or organizations for some specific uses.







proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: editor by array 







