















igas® - the world leader in handwriting analysis certification and association




















home  
our company  
membership  
certification  
books  
contact us  


cart			


















about igas








						igas is a professional association that trains handwriting analysts, 
						performs continuing research in the field of handwriting analysis and serves in an advisory 
						and supervisory capacity to organized groups of handwriting analysts.
						
						igas supports a worldwide network of thousands of certified handwriting analysts.
						



















welcome to igas 


						thank you for your interest in igas.  
						if you are new to handwriting analysis, then we encourage you to visit a local chapter to find out
						if a career in handwriting analysis is right for you.  the calendar below lists the upcoming chapter events across the country.
						
						look at this site closely to discover all that igas has 
						to offer. 
						you will find a 95 year history of handwriting analysis instruction and
						membership that is second to none.
						
						we are confident that you will see the benefits of studying with igas. 
						our courses have been time tested, researched, 
						professionally written and are designed to provide you with the best training in
						handwriting analysis available. 
							
						at any time, please feel free to contact us. we are here to help you in your quest 
						for knowledge. we look forward to working with you in the future. 
						






































our founder







m.n. bunker
								m.n. bunker founded igas in 1929.  								
								it is through his leadership and initiative that
								we now practice the discipline of graphoanalysis, also known as 
								 the american style of handwriting analysis.
								 we teach his principles to this day.  	
click here to learn about the history of graphoanalysis


















 




 copyright © 2024 igas, inc.  
graphoanalysis®, graphoanalyst®, igas®the igas logo® are registered trademarks of igas, inc. 
						










