






captain’s house inn: most romantic inn chatham, cape cod | the perfect place for your romantic cape cod getaway…



























































photo gallerydriving directions
chatham  massachusetts
call (508) 945-0127 for assistance


availability & reservations






menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
welcome
rooms

accommodations view all
main house

hannah rebekah
eliza jane suite
clarissa suite
lady hope
garden room


carriage house

intrepid
cape lady
tradewinds
wild pigeon
whirlwind


captain’s cottage

captain hiram harding
lady mariah room
hideaway suite


the stables

wild hunter
northern light
lydia harding suite


reservation policies
book now
check availability


extras

gift certificates
in room extras
romantic package
cheese and fruit board
flowers
chocolate dipped strawberries


dining

high tea
breakfast & afternoon tea
recipes


logo
specials

honeymoon package
babymoon package


weddings

wedding package
honeymoon package
request info


area

activities
restaurants
evening entertainment
active pursuits


about

directions
about the inn
inn history
amenities
property map
innkeepers & staff
winner of the travel channel’s hotel showdown
photo gallery
blog


 













weddings




accommodations




specials & packages









welcome to the captain’s house inn



located on two beautifully landscaped acres of english gardens in chatham, massachusetts, the captain’s house inn has been regarded by reviewers as perhaps cape cod’s finest bed and breakfast. the inn’s sixteen sumptuously appointed guest rooms and suites all feature fireplaces, tv/dvd players, complimentary wifi, private bathrooms, and air conditioning. some accommodations also boast whirlpool tubs.
 


captain’s house inn is centrally located in chatham on cape cod, making it the ideal home base for day trips to provincetown, nantucket, and martha’s vineyard. stroll along chatham’s quaint main street lined with boutiques, galleries, and eateries; meander one of many beaches throughout the cape; or spend a lazy day lounging on an adirondack chair among the beautifully landscaped english gardens. the captain’s house inn is a member of select registry and distinctive inns of new england. the property is open year-round and is an adult-only inn. 











 


 



 
 
 newsletter signupfor email newsletters you can trust.


 









latest posts from our blog



annual cape cod hydrangea festival | july 7-16, 2023: if you're looking for the best time to explore the blooming gardens of cape cod, the annual cape cod hydrangea festival weekend is it! this festival is held annually all across the cape to celebrate the region's signature flower, the hydrangea, which comes in beautiful shades of blue, pink, and…




your perfect cape cod 3-day getaway: don’t struggle with tedious trip planning. here’s your perfect cape cod 3-day getaway. we put together an itinerary filled with activities and great places to eat. our carefully curated schedule makes your planning so simple; just pack your bags and come for a visit! the attention to all the details…















captain's house inn

369 old harbor road
chatham, ma 02633
 phone: (508) 945-0127
https://www.captainshouseinn.com/
 info@captainshouseinn.com


















latitude: 41.6921007 longitude: -69.9562078
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
accessibility statement - site map - privacy policy







 









