














office of student financial aid – uw–madison




























 











skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









office of student financial aid





search






menu
open menu


close





home
cost
eligibility
applying
types of aid
your offer
receiving aid
leaving uw
services
contact
 



net price calculator
news
give now
 






 




it is our understanding that the office of management and budget’s memo ordering a temporary pause of federal grants and loans does not apply to federal student financial aid. with the spring term starting last week, most students have already had their financial aid disbursements posted and financial aid disbursements will continue throughout the semester.

 
 
 
 





wednesday, january 8 – bursar’s office publishes & emails ebills to students and authorized payers.
tuesday, january 14 – financial aid erefunds begin processing (1-3 days to reach bank account)
wednesday, january 15 – financial aid paper check refunds begin processing.
friday, january 31 – student accounts due in full.
learn more about financial aid disbursement and refunds.

 




the 2025-26 fafsa is now available for all students to complete!
check out applying for more information, read more about the better fafsa, or contact our team for help!
fafsa frenzy is back!
enjoy lunch while getting fafsa and financial aid support.

 
 
 
 


getting started



what will it cost?your cost of attendance (coa) is an estimate of what it will cost you to cover the expenses of attending uw-madison.  your coa includes more than just tuition and fees - click below to learn what's included or try our net price calculator.



            more on cost of  attendance
more

 



            net price  calculator
more

 











how to apply?learn how to submit the free application for federal student aid (fafsa®), apply for scholarships using the wisconsin scholarship hub (wish), and more.



            am i  eligible?
more

 



            more on how to  apply
more

 



            submit the fafsa®, school code  003895
more

 











connect with us!the whole team at osfa is here to help you navigate the financial aid process to get the most out of your experience at uw-madison. reach out and let us know what we can do for you!



            schedule an appointment with an advisor (current uw students  only)
more

 



            contact  information
more

 








 
 
 
 


office hours & eventsfebruaryfebruary 19funding study abroadinfo session3:00 pm, onlinefebruary 21fafsa frenzy12:00 pm, symphony room, gordon dining and event centerfebruary 24funding study abroadinfo session2:00 pm, onlinefebruary 26using financial aid towards study abroaddrop-in advising sessions2:00 pm, study abroad resource center (3rd floor red gym)february 28fafsa frenzy12:00 pm, open court - main (1st floor), discovery buildingmore events 
more

 

news15 top-tier colleges wanted her. she chose uw–madison. here’s why.throughout high school, lauren choi stayed tightly focused on her postsecondary education goals. she wanted to have multiple options when choosing a college. “i’m not someone who likes to feel constrained,” says choi, of appleton, …for these siblings, uw’s new tribal initiative is a financial boost, hopeful signin middle school, people often mistook gavin and mason white eagle for twins — teachers sometimes had a hard time telling them apart. these days, it’s a little easier. mason, younger by 14 months, outgrew …from cattle farmer to college freshman: bucky’s pell pathway eases the wayas the sun begins to set on an august evening, emma mason strides onto a glowing pasture on her family’s farm near mineral point, wisconsin, and shouts to her three younger siblings, “who’s bangin’ buckets …thank you for your day of the badger support!day of the badger 2024 was a record-breaking year for the university of wisconsin-madison’s annual day of giving. on april 16th and 17th, alumni and friends showcased their unwavering support for the university and its …more news posts 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksnet price calculator
consumer information
wisconsin scholarship hub
student jobs
uw-madison fafsa school code: 003895


contact us333 e campus mall, #9701
madison, wi 53715-1382
 map
map marker


email: finaid@finaid.wisc.edu
phone: 608.262.3060

instagram


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: communications@finaid.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











