











high road strategy center – uw–madison












































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison











high road strategy center





search






menu
open menu


close





what is the high road?
our impact
current work
expand


collapse



city leadership
local policy
transportation
health
water
work & opportunity
wisconsin economy
gpal
associated projects


publications
news
about
expand


collapse



about the high road strategy center
2023 year in review
staff


donate
 



sign up for updates
 





we are a national think-and-do tank that promotes “high road” solutions to social problems. 

                  in 2024, cows became the high road strategy center! learn more.                






 


the state of working wisconsin 2024 is live!




high road strategy center releases the state of working wisconsin 2024!
in celebration of wisconsin workers, the high road strategy center released the the state of working wisconsin 2024. our report analyzes the most recent data available on wages, jobs, and unions, and, this year, provides a special feature on women workers. we have been releasing this report since 1996 to provide clear information on the economy as experienced by the working people of the state. 
check out the state of working wisconsin 2024

 




 
ready to join us on the high road?
contact us!
sign up for updates!

 
 
 
 


featured






 



the state of working wisconsin

to celebrate wisconsin's workforce, the high road strategy center has released its annual state of working wisconsin 2024 report. since 1996, this report offers clear insights into wisconsin’s economy from the perspective of workers. this year’s edition analyzes recent data on wages, jobs, and unions, with a special focus on women in the workforce.

 





 



from community benefits, to collective bargaining, and back

community benefits agreements can yield strong results from public investments in private projects like stadiums. milwaukee's first cba established labor peace and enabled workers to form mash. this report showcases how mash has improved employment and job quality standards for service workers in milwaukee's deer district and beyond.

 





 



covering the bases

cities across the country routinely make investments in stadiums, such as the kansas city royals, despite ample evidence that communities don’t secure promised economic returns. in this paper, we draw on national evidence and experience in milwaukee to help inform the public discussion in kansas city.

 
 
 
 




 


 





 
 
 
 






 





 
 
 
 


high road strategy center in the news


wisconsin’s minimum wage lags behind neighborslaura dresser, associate director of the high road strategy center, tells wpr that market forces have driven many jobs to post wages around $15 or $16 an hour regardless of the state minimum wage. but rep hong says raising the wage floor would ensure that all workers are fairly compensated for their labor.january 21, 20253 wisconsin neighbors see minimum wage increases to start the yearwages for the lowest-paid workers in wisconsin have risen faster than pay for higher earners in recent years, fueled by a tight labor market, according to a 2024 report from the high road strategy center.january 21, 2025charter school proposed to mmsd board would focus on career pathways for high schoolersand with increasing focus in schools to be "college ready," the forward academy is set to have a broader focus on all career paths, helping students prepare for a labor market that uw-madison associate professor laura dresser said is filled with opportunity.november 26, 2024more 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
email sign upsign up for updates


contact ushigh road strategy center
university of wisconsin
7122 social science building
1180 observatory drive
madison, wi 53706
email: info@highroad.wisc.edu

facebook


x twitter


linkedin


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@highroad.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











