










home | middle east center














      skip to main content
    








            university of pennsylvania school of arts & sciences
              


college of arts & sciences
graduate division
college of liberal and professional studies




































































































































































middle east center



toggle navigation








main navigation


about


center history


contact


support




people


center staff


affiliated faculty


post-doctoral fellow


middle east librarian


graduate students


regional scholars




events


past events




conferences


nuclear issues in the middle east and north africa




news


programs


major and minor


law certificate




media


podcasts


fenjan: middle east studies student journal




opportunities


flas


janet lee stevens fellowship


reporting fellowship


essay contest


translation contest


photo contest




k-12 resources


teacher events


speakers bureau


media library


natakallam


travel opportunities for teachers


lesson plans













search

















home









where the middle east finds you
since 1965, the middle east center has been educating and informing the philadelphia area about the richness and diversity of the middle east and north africa. join us.



confused about the middle east?
there's a major for that
interdisciplinary mmes degree combines history, political science, religious studies -- and more



k-12 outreach
the middle east center offers k-12 educators and the philadelphia community access to a range of useful resources.








 










news




in memory of thomas naff
august 14, 2023

the middle east center sends its deepest sympathy to the family and loved ones of dr. thomas naff. naff served as director of the middle east center from 1967 to 1983. during his time, naff significantly expanded both the center and the middle east studies program at penn. naff recruited middle east scholars across multiple disciplines, some of whom are still at penn today.
read more
in memoriam: dan ben-amos
march 29, 2023

the middle east center is saddened to hear of the death of professor dan ben-amos of the department of near east languages and civilizations. a longtime member of our affiliated faculty, professor ben-amos was a highly respected scholar of jewish and african folklore, as well as a kind and beloved member of our community.
read more
fenjan summer 2022 issue out now!
september 12, 2022

click here to read the new issue!
read more
congrats to the mec's new postdoctoral fellow, dr. lacy feigh!
august 4, 2022

dr. lacy feigh is a postdoctoral fellow at the university of pennsylvania’s middle east center. she completed her dissertation, entitled “abyssinia to ethiopia: slavery, race, and the transition from empire to nation, 1855-1957” in penn’s history department in 2022.
read more
the sachs program for arts innovation 2022 community partnership grant announced for the dido problem exhibition!
may 11, 2022

penn’s middle east center will collaborate with al-bustan seeds of culture and past present projects to develop community workshops led by german-jordanian artist duo areej huniti and eliza goldox (huniti goldox), through which al-bustan’s constituents will create a site-specific installation to accompany huniti goldox’s film the dido problem, to be sited as an immersive experience in the histo
read more
congrats to heather jaber for successfully defending her phd dissertation “the digital bahdala: recoding national humiliation across post-revolutionary lebanon and egypt"!
may 3, 2022

read more
congrats to austin cooper for successfully defending his phd dissertation!
april 21, 2022

today, austin cooper of the department of history and sociology of science successfully defended his dissertation on  “saharan fallout: french explosions in algeria and the politics of nuclear risk during african decolonization (1960-66)".
read more
mec student awards 2022 - congrats!
april 14, 2022

the middle east center would like to congratulate the following students:                                                               
read more
david kazanjian and rudra sil awarded for their distinguished teaching in the school of arts and sciences! read more below.
april 6, 2022

it gives us great pleasure to announce the recipients of the 2022 awards for distinguished teaching in the school of arts and sciences; including our very own rudra sil (political science) who won the ira h.
read more
michigan quarterly review guest-edited by our very own huda fakhreddine - "decades of fire: new writing from the middle east and north africa"
april 5, 2022

click here to read the full piece.
read more



















events





 feb182025
  bye bye tiberiasfilm screening, followed by a conversation with director lina soalem

            feb 18, 2025
    
             at
             5:30pm
 - 8:00pm

 | annenberg school for communication, room 109join us for a screening of the documentary film bye bye tiberias (2023). after the screening, director lina soualem will be in conversation with university of pennsylvania associate professor of arabic literature huda… 
 feb212025
  keywords symposiumwolf humanities center's 2024-2025 forum on keywords humanities research symposium - an mec co-sponsored event

            feb 21, 2025
    
             at
             10:00am
 - 7:30pm

 | kislak center for special collections, rare books and manuscripts, van pelt library
3420 walnut st 6th floor philadelphia, pa 19104keywords symposiumin conjunction with the wolf humanities center’s 2024–2025 forum on keywords, this symposium engages mobile concepts and their genealogies, histories, structures of meaning, translations, and… 
 apr142025
  book talk: our american israel: the story of an entangled alliancewritten by amy kaplan, the late edward w. kane professor of english at the university of pennsylvania. her former colleagues and students will discuss the posthumously published work. 

            apr 14, 2025
    
             at
             5:30pm
 - 7:00pm

 | penn bookstore, second floor"our american israel is masterful and deserves a larger audience." --ta-nehisi coates join us in discussing our american israel: the story of an entangled alliance. written by amy kaplan, the late edward w. kane… 
















courses
course offerings on the middle east at penn are rich and multidisciplinary. all are taught by world-renowned scholars in their field with exemplary records of teaching and publishing some of the most innovative research on the middle east and islam.
see course offerings






















subscribe to our mailing list 



donate



image credits
images found on this website may not be reproduced without express written permission from the middle east center. photo credits: erin brennan, jackson foltz, matthew french, john ghazvinian, eric sucar.






contact us
middle east center3340 walnut streetfisher-bennett hall, suite 228philadelphia, pa 19104-6273215-898-6335mec-info@sas.upenn.edupaul m. cobbdirectorpmcobb@sas.upenn.eduliyan alkawafhahassistant directorliyana@upenn.edu




















































college of arts & sciences
graduate division
college of liberal & professional studies

































































































    

            copyright © 2025 the trustees of the university of pennsylvania
report accessibility issues and get help





penn weblogin









































