

a musician's life on the road: rhumba.com















featuring:

the stories

a few places

the vortex

sounds

thanks

what's thissite about?

plus:

mark twainquotations

the hackingcat(s)
featuredon:

npr.org



netscapecool sitings!

artistdirect





 





f  e  a  t  u  r  i  n  g:






weekendz with berniemusicians are pretty
independent people. for some, the freedom from day gigs and bosses is
one of the reasons they do it. but music pros are not always
their own boss, and in some cases the bosses—let's call them
band leaders—behave in ways that rival even the scariest
day-gig boss. join your narrator

as he shuts his eyes and hits the road with one such cat. in
retrospect, the absurdities and laughs made it worth the tantrums
and troubles. or, did
they? plus: original
illustrations by one of washington d.c.'s most gifted, witty
cartoonists, the one and only scott bennett. check it out!


remembering
new orleansset aside the "birthplace of jazz" moniker; the music and
culture of this unique city go way beyond that. this essay
portrays a magical first visit to crescent city during the new
orleans jazz and heritage festival, and includes a plethora of
links to sites devoted to the city's unique artists, events and
places. see some wildly original street art and a link to a
mardi gras site that gives new meaning to the words amazing
spectacle.

the concert tour
is...the day-to-day journal detailing a concert tour with one of
the world's greatest guitarists, the late danny gatton. set in
1991, the journal takes you across the american south, from maryland
to the texas/mexico border and back, with stops at austin
city limits and elvis presley's tour bus along the
way.worth a 
quick look: the 


feedback page now boasts a couple of reader-submitted, 
heartwarming anecdotes 
about the unique guitar hero.


pathos and
heroism...wisdom and stupidity, and above all, the foolishness of the
inexperienced youth. it's all here folks, in this collection of vignettes, images and sound
clips from my first years as a professional musician. of
particular interest is the episode involving legendary jazz
saxophonist george 'big nick' nicholas.




also playing on rhumba.com:a variety of other tales
relating the life of the professional musician, including 
they raided the joint, 
a peek into the process of a young band breaking into the big city
(and what happens when you "break into" the wrong joint), the fundraiser, the bizarre
episode of the assassins backing up the one and only lee atwater,
 and, the highly-rated essay
describing the musician's involuntary dance with drug addiction: 
working with
drug addicts.
plus, more stories...
[ e
 n
 t
 e
 r
  
 t


 h
 e
  
 s
 t
 o
 r
 i
 e
 s
 ]




a few
placesa smattering of worthwhile links, with
commentary. affectionate favorites, most from the golden age of the
birth of websites (1995-6). devotees rest assured, the famous
hacking cat still resides—you may still choose from three hacking cats!


the vortexa selection of choice
musician-related sites, ranging from others who are putting their
own noble
road-tales on the web, some first-class drum-specific and some great music sites. 


why "the vortex"? find
out!
soundsa few digitized sound clips
accompanied by perspective and a-b comparisons. not a large archive,
but a bit of a different approach than
most 'sounds' sections.
thanksa good group of nice people
have done an awful lot in the way of sharing help and knowledge to
help me create this site. they know who they are, but so you
know who they are, please feel free to explore the links from this acknowledgements

page.

 













 





web



rhumba.com












top
© 1996-2018 by brian s. alpert. all rights
reserved.
