





david t. little









































 









skip to content




						david t. little					


menu



about
works
recordings
film
events
news
press
contact
 

youtubefacebookxinstagramlinktree 






daniel welchsin-eater  (photo by maria allen)
jfk at ft. worth opera, dir. thaddeus strassberger
daniel welchblack lodge with beth morrison projects, dir. michael joseph mcquiklen
dog days with peak performances/beth morrison projects, dir. robert woodruff
newspeak performs sweet light crude at the bang on a can marathon
soldier songs film, for the opera philadelphia channel, dir. johnathan mccullough
soldier songs with beth morrison projects, dir. yuval sharon
 
 prev
 next







 

								dark hymnal released on cantaloupe music									



available on all digital platforms, dark hymnal is a series of electronic meditations derived from little’s opera film black lodge. including samples from the opera’s original soundtrack, performed by timur and the dime museum and isaura string quartet and featuring…



					read more				






photo by maansi srivastava 

								what belongs to you in the ny times									



dtl’s new opera what belongs to you, after the novel by garth greenwell, starring karim sulayman, directed by mark morris, and featuring alarm will sound, conducted by alan pierson, was the subject of a recent nytimes profile. read it here.…



					read more				






 

								black lodge wins music theatre now prize									



black lodge was chosen as one of six laureates in the international music theatre now competition. it will receive its european premiere in may 2024 as part of the o. festival in rotterdam.



					read more				






 

								a grammy® nomination for black lodge!									



black lodge has been nominated for a grammy® award in the best opera recording category. the 66th annual grammy awards will take place on february 4th in los angeles.



					read more				






 

								jfk vocal score, now available from boosey & hawkes									



boosey & hawkes has released the piano-vocal score for david t. little and royce vavrek’s opera jfk in honor of the 60th anniversary of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy—a historical moment that has inspired numerous musical tributes…



					read more				






 

								sin-eater world premiere									



“the theatricality of mr. little’s music, coupled with his original and adapted text, is so intense that it hardly needed the visual cues to have a shattering impact…the chilling relationship between eating and power is clear.” the wall street journal…



					read more				




more news







contact
 
for repertoire, licensing, or commissioning inquiries, please contact:

elizabeth blaufox
director of promotions at boosey & hawkes
elizabeth.blaufox@boosey.com
for sales & rental:
boosey & hawkes is the exclusive publisher of david t. little’s music. more information about each piece as well as information about rental and sales can be found at www.boosey.com/little
for press inquiries, please contact:
carol ann cheung,
director of marketing and publicity at boosey & hawkes
carolann.cheung@boosey.com
katy salomon,
vice president, public relations at primo artists
212 837 8466
katy@primoartists.com
for technical riders & info
please go here
to reach out to david t. little
please write david@davidtlittle.com


press

bio
press photos
quotes
epk


connect
youtubefacebookxinstagramlinktree


join the list:


submit




©2003–2025 david t. little. all rights reserved.  site by square candy design.













































