








saint francis de sales seminary | saint francis de sales seminary



































homecontact us










donate now



menu

 abouthistory and missionadministration and formation facultyboard of trusteesour seminariansmeet our seminarians alumnisalzmann libraryour campus priestly formationstages of formation dimensions of priestly formationhuman formationspiritual formationintellectual formationpastoral formationseminary catalogday in the lifeabuse response policies eventsannual dinnerde chantal societyde sales invitationalgolf outinginstitution of acolyteinstitution of lectorordination of priestsordination of transitional deaconspatronal feast day communicationsnewsletterfeasibility study resultsvideo archive supportgiving optionsdonatefall appealplanned giving zeal campaigna campaign of christian servicebishops' supportcampaign leadershippriests commentszeal for truthzeal for goodnesszeal for beautyfaqgiving plansgive to zeal for the lord's house capital campaign








founded in 1845, and built on this site in 1855, because a bishop was inspired to make this place holy. built by hundreds of workers, immigrants, priests and seminarians, brick by brick. built for the formation of priests for the faithful, for yesterday, today and tomorrow. built because of christ, by christ, for christ. 
built upon him.
 




seminary headlines
inaugural capital campaign
join us in our campaign of christian service as we have zeal for the lord's house!

​zeal for the lord's house campaign video
watch the campaign video which premiered at the annual dinner on october 4.

de sales invitational
16 teams from across the country will compete in our 5th annual basketball tournament february 28 - march 2. come cheer the shoremen to victory!

​de chantal gatherings
women are invited to the seminary to pray for vocations to the priesthood on february 18.

james cardinal harvey

james cardinal harvey talks about his alma mater.

who is the priest?

an inspiring video exploring the gift of the priesthood through the words of st. john vianney.

quick links
salzmann library
vocation office
 






    
many ways to give
any donation to the seminary is greatly appreciated, and there are many options for giving.
 
donate today







homesitemap

		© 2022 saint francis de sales seminary | 3257 south lake drive | st. francis,  wi  53235 | 414-747-6400
		this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.


top







 abouthistory and missionadministration and formation facultyboard of trusteesour seminariansmeet our seminarians alumnisalzmann libraryour campus priestly formationstages of formation dimensions of priestly formationhuman formationspiritual formationintellectual formationpastoral formationseminary catalogday in the lifeabuse response policies eventsannual dinnerde chantal societyde sales invitationalgolf outinginstitution of acolyteinstitution of lectorordination of priestsordination of transitional deaconspatronal feast day communicationsnewsletterfeasibility study resultsvideo archive supportgiving optionsdonatefall appealplanned giving zeal campaigna campaign of christian servicebishops' supportcampaign leadershippriests commentszeal for truthzeal for goodnesszeal for beautyfaqgiving plansgive to zeal for the lord's house capital campaign
homecontact us









