


















home - tampa bay water


























































skip to main content



























 
































home
agency

about
environmental recovery

history of water
alternative supplies
recovery
a model utility


water conservation and protection mini-grant program
public notices
board of directors

board meetings
board meeting schedule


executive team
financials
procurement

working with us
purchasing thresholds
the purchasing team
purchasing faqs
supplier resources


reports and documents


supply

water sources

groundwater
surface water

surface water treatment plant
c.w. bill young regional reservoir
reservoir emergency notifications

seawater desalination
current sources
future sources


supply management

orop
climate variability
integrated hydrologic model
water shortage stages
demand forecasting
controlled burns


projects

eldridge-wilde wellfield improvements
high service pump station chemical piping replacement
south hillsborough pipeline
south hillsborough wellfield
surface water treatment plant expansion
tampa bay desalination plant intake connection improvements-phase 2
cypress creek water treatment plant chemical piping replacement
c.w. bill young regional reservoir compressors replacement
reverse osmosis trench supports phase 2




quality

water quality report
monochloramines

if you are on dialysis
if you own fish


source water protection

resources


blended water
water quality concerns

per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas)
pfas litigation
pharmaceuticals and personal care products
blue-green algae and red tide (algal and cyanotoxins)
hexavalent chromium (cr vi)
volatile organic compounds (vocs)
lead




conservation

residential

indoor
outdoor


commercial

indoor
outdoor


rebates
water saving tips
watering restrictions
water conservation resources


careers

career opportunities
co-ops and internships


blog
newsroom

news releases
photo gallery
video gallery
speaker request
agency logos


contact
 



tampa bay water supplying water to the region




advancing projects, securing the future.

supplying drinking water to more than 2.6 million people is an essential public service for tampa bay. it’s not possible without the support of our community.



watch our 2024 year in review











resilient, interconnected system safeguards against weather changes






agency saves $26 million on materials for south hillsborough pipeline






tampa bay water wise surpasses base goal water savings for 2024











public notices


february 24, 2025 | regular board of directors meeting  
february 27, 2025 | selection committee meeting  
march 12, 2025 | selection committee meeting  





watch live board meetings




board meetings on demand












subscribe to newsletter




 


book a speaker




 


tampa bay water careers




 


working with us






supplying water to the tampa bay region
if you live in the tampa bay area, chances are you get your water from us.
our mission is to reliably provide clean, safe water to the region now and for future generations.
we supply wholesale drinking water to more than 2.5 million people through the governments we serve.




































featured videos





tampa bay water documentary





tampa bay regional surface water treatment plant








tampa bay seawater desalination plant





c.w. bill young regional reservoir








current drinking water sources

view current sources






current watering restrictions

find out when you can water










current reservoir volume





reservoir siren test & updates





current water shortage stages








future drinking water sources
planning for the future is an on-going process at tampa bay water that includes more than potential new supplies. our long-term planning process includes analyses of future demand, conservation potential, supply reliability, water shortage mitigation planning and hydrologic uncertainty – all wrapped up in the long-term master water plan planning process.

learn more






tampa bay regional water quality
providing clean, safe drinking water is a top priority at tampa bay water.the drinking water we provide our member governments is safe: it meets or is better than all local, state and federal drinking water regulations.

learn more about water quality




view video with audio descriptions
the u.s. environmental protection agency and the florida department of environmental protection require that all water utilities provide their customers with a water quality report annually. the report contains details about your sources of drinking water, how it is treated, what it contains and how it compares to federal and state standards.

2023 water quality report







recent blog articles


celebrating world wetlands day at great explorations children's museum
tampa bay water joined forces with great explorations children’s museum to invite families to a fun and educational event to celebrate world wetlands day on february 2. visitors explored the...read more

pinellas county and city of st. petersburg residents honored for water-wise landscaping achievements
three tampa bay area residents and communities have been recognized for their outstanding commitment to water conservation and sustainable landscaping through the tampa bay community water wise awards program. this...read more

tampa bay water wise targets commercial, industrial customers, as water savings grow
tampa bay water wise is a regional water conservation rebate program aiming to save up to 3.8 million gallons of water per day by 2030 through rebates on water saving...read more

acquired water permits could increase supply to southern hillsborough
tampa bay water’s mandate is to unequivocally provide water to its member governments, and as the population in the area continues to grow, the agency is exploring options to keep...read more

tampa bay water awards 2025 water conservation and protection mini-grants
tampa bay water annually provides grant funding to organizations that share our commitment to environmental stewardship. since 2008, the agency has provided more than $400,000 to community projects that protect...read more


more articles




recent news releases


tampa bay water to host virtual meeting on south hillsborough pipeline
news release for immediate release contact: brandon moorebmoore@tampabaywater.org(727) 791-2304 | (727) 470-0702 clearwater, fla. (jan. 31, 2025) – tampa bay water, the region’s wholesale drinking water utility, invites residents, stakeholders, and community members...read more

tampa bay water announces seven water conservation and protection mini-grant recipients
news release for immediate release contact: brandon moorebmoore@tampabaywater.org(727) 791-2304 | (727) 470-0702 clearwater, fla. — tampa bay water is proud to announce the recipients of its newly expanded water conservation and protection mini-grant...read more

tampa bay water to host public meeting on the eastern pasco wellfield feasibility study, dec. 4, 2024
news release for immediate release contact: brandon moorebmoore@tampabaywater.org(727) 791-2304 clearwater, fla - (nov. 26, 2024) tampa bay water, the region’s wholesale drinking water utility, invites residents, stakeholders, and community members...read more

tampa bay water’s regional reservoir reaches full capacity thanks to conservation efforts and surplus rain
news release for immediate release contact: brandon moorebmoore@tampabaywater.org(727) 791-2304 clearwater, fla. — tampa bay water’s c.w. bill young regional reservoir has reached full capacity, thanks to the combined efforts of conservation-minded...read more


more news releases








  contact us



public records requests
public records requests should be directed to the records custodian, krista simon, at:phone: (727) 796‑2355 email: records@tampabaywater.orgfax: (727) 791‑2388mail: 2575 enterprise roadclearwater, fl 33763



  2023-24 regulatory plan









copyright 2025 by tampa bay water



terms
 
|
 


privacy
 
|
 


accessibility
 
|
 























 
























