






home - internet2



















































skip to content



return home












            explore
            






connecting research and education
internet2 provides:
 a secure high-speed network
cloud solutions
 research support
 security
services for the research and education community
learn more about internet2




about internet2

get to know our history, our commitment, our community.



our members

internet2 members work together to advance our research and education needs. 



our events

join us for community events, webinars, workshops, and training sessions. 



our services

services, software, and applications you can trust.



our network

the nation’s largest and fastest research and education network.



internet2 roadmap

updated october 2024: the roadmap reflects stakeholders’ commitment to strengthening internet2’s services and solutions.







            our services
            







featured services
net+ cloud services
network services
incommon services

view all services




featured services
view all featured services




amazon web services (aws)

campus enterprise access to aws.



canvas

streamlines digital tools and content that teachers and students love.



cloud connect

dedicated network connections to cloud providers.



echo labs

a suite of artificial intelligence solutions. 



eduroam

secure, worldwide roaming wireless service.



servicenow

gain end-to-end visibility with advanced features like ai-driven insights and automation.





net+ cloud services
view all net+ cloud services




amazon web services

campus enterprise access to aws.



canvas

streamlines digital tools and content that teachers and students love.



echo labs

offers higher education institutions a suite of artificial intelligence solutions.



google cloud

cloud solutions developed with the internet2 member community.



labarchives

store, organize, share, and publish laboratory data.



servicenow

provides end‑to‑end visibility into processes and infrastructure. 





network services
view all network services




amazon web services direct connect

reach aws direct connect using cloud connect, leveraging internet2 and your regional’s infrastructure.



cloud connect

use internet2 and your regional network’s infrastructure to access and use cloud resources.



ddos volumetric mitigation service

cloud-based volumetric service is procured on behalf of the community from radware.



layer 1 service

offers the most specialized and cost-effective way to build a custom, high-capacity network.



layer 2 service

delivers a strategic advantage  providing effective and efficient 100 gigabit ethernet technology.



rapid private interconnect (rpi)

provides dedicated access to any vendor-provided service at four national peering locations.





incommon services
view all incommon services




eduroam

get seamless access to global roaming wi-fi.



incommon federation

provides secure single sign-on access to cloud and local services, and global collaboration tools. 



incommon trusted access platform

an identity and access management suite of software designed to integrate with existing systems. 



incommon catalyst program

the incommon catalysts can fill the gaps in your iam program.



incommon academy

from expert-led component training to implementation support, we provide the resources you need.



incommon certificate service

unlimited server and user certificates for one annual fee, covering all of your domains.









            our community
            






connect, share, grow
our community includes collaborators from across the street and around the globe.

get to know our community




about us

we work with our community to solve technology challenges and develop solutions to advance research. 



membership

 our membership opens the door to an active community that accelerates research and discovery.



careers

join our team! view career opportunities at internet2.



solutions

let us help you with with network connections, cloud services, and identity and access management.



research engagement

 we help researchers connect with a full spectrum of support services and technology. 







            news 
            






get the latest
don't miss out on the latest internet2 blog posts, videos, event highlights, and more.
internet2 news and videos




updated: internet2 roadmap

the roadmap, updated in october 2024, reflects stakeholders' ongoing commitment to our services and solutions.



videos

watch internet2 videos highlighting our community events and webinars.



collaboration boosts global research connectivity

indiana university’s nea3r expands with internet2, advancing global connectivity for the research and education.



incommon: incommon futures2 report

learn how incommon will continue to lead as an authority in iam.



get ready for the new cloud scorecard website

r&e institutions will soon have a new way to access completed cloud scorecards.







            events
            






convening the community
join us for community events, webinars, workshops, and training sessions.

internet2 events




commex25

join us for the internet2 2025 community exchange, to be held april 28-may 1 in anaheim, calif.



techex24

thank you for attending the 2024 internet2 technology exchange, which was held dec. 9-13 in boston.



cloud learning and skills sessions (class)

join us for in-depth cloud training and workshops.



eduroam: technical networking workshop | february 2025 

are you an eduroam admin who would like to get more hands-on and into the weeds with eduroam? this class is for you.







            contact
            






 get in touch
have a question? need help? reach out! 
contact us




network support

fill out a form for non-urgent network support.



network operations center

for urgent requests, reach the global network operations center 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.



other internet2 support

please use our form if you need support for other internet2 services.



internet2 offices 

internet2 has offices in three locations throughout the united states.



sign up for communications

sign up for a newsletter and stay current on the latest community news.



media resources

access internet2 fact sheets, network maps, logos, and more.






search







close


search

search 

















/
home



we provide
the people.the network.the technology. 

internet2 helps move scholars, scientists, and researchers into the future with solutions tailored for research and education (r&e).




explore our services


learn more about internet2














upcoming events
latest news







2025 net+ gwe webinar series

feb. 25 | 1 p.m. et








2025 internet2 community exchange

april 28-may 1, anaheim, calif.








2025 identity trends & forecasts

february 19











message from internet2 board chair greg washington
january 30, 2025




message from internet2 ceo howard pfeffer
january 30, 2025




globus joins the internet2 net+ program to better serve the r&e community
january 9, 2025










save money and manage risk with customized r&e services

internet2 provides access to leading cloud, network, and security solutions geared toward r&e. 





          cloud
        

get safe, secure, and scalable cloud services. our net+ portfolio provides direct, customized access to major cloud solutions. see how with:

cloud access
net+: community-vetted cloud services
networking for cloud
cloud scorecard
incommon
class online training and development
























          network
        

the internet2 network provides the performance, resiliency, security, and capabilities demanded by the most advanced applications, including:

networking for cloud
network services support for research
services for network providers
operations and support
initiatives and partnerships
state and regional education networks
routing integrity
























          incommon
        

through incommon, internet2 offers a complete suite of identity and access management (iam) services and community-sourced software:

eduroam
incommon federation
software: incommon trusted access platform
certificates
academy
incommon futures2 report
case studies
























          security
        

we provide community-evaluated security services, tools, and initiatives to keep your network humming. 

security cloud services
performance tools
incommon
eduroam: the global roaming wireless service
partnerships
routing integrity
























          community collaboration
        

more than 2,000 organizations strong, our community works together to ask questions and turn the answers into solutions. we do this through:



membership
research engagement
the community anchor program
the internet2 roadmap



 
































83+



higher education members







250+



incommon participants







200g+



wavelengths of network capability







150+



net+ cloud services subscribers









latest news



internet2 announcements
message from internet2 ceo howard pfeffer


                        more 




internet2 announcements
message from internet2 board chair greg washington


                        more 




network
internet2 adds site in new jersey, expands network peering


                        more 




community
updated: the internet2 roadmap


                        more 




events
ai visionary noelle russell to keynote commex25


                        more 




cloud
learn, connect, adapt: internet2 net+ ai updates


                        more 











community spotlight
we are better together!  see how we showcase our community’s many contributions to r&e.












get set for internet2 events
we look forward to seeing you at internet2 2025 community exchange on april 28-may 1 in anaheim, calif.
–internet2 events
















hit play!
watch commex25 video preview
watch video highlights from past attendees who say commex25 is an opportunity to learn from others and build connections that spark innovation.
–watch the video














incommon’s 20th birthday
join us as we reflect on the progress incommon has made and watch for exciting developments in the future.
–happy birthday, incommon!









why internet2? ask our community.



seamless connectivity across the world would be nearly impossible without the community-owned and operated cyberinfrastructure through internet2.
tracy futhey, vp & cio, duke university














follow us:


facebook 
instagram 
linkedin 
youtube 
 




about us


membership


news


executive leadership


media resources


careers


policies


help




network


networking for cloud


operations and support


state and regional r&e networks




security


security cloud services


performance & analytics tools


identity and access management




cloud


net+ cloud services


cloud connect


cloud scorecard


cloud learning and skills sessions (class)




community


research engagement


community groups


community anchor program










© 2025 internet2
privacy statement
terms of use
sitemap
site design by fireant studio


















