


















outlaw speedway, llc. - dundee, ny :: stock car racing for the whole family






















toggle navigation








press box 

press releases
profiled drivers
results
points standings
outlaw tv



information 

track overview
directions
media credentials
permitted items
season schedule
seating
sponsors
ticket prices
vip rooms



pit area 

pit news
division rules
purses


contact
















































































outlaw speedway facebook feed






n e x t   e v e n t




outlaw speedway 2024 awards banquet
saturday - february 22nd at 5:00pm
join us as we celebrate our 2024 champions and points standings.
cocktails at 5pm.
dinner at 6pm.
awards after dinner.
$48/person. limited to 300.


  




  

  

  

  















            l a t e s t
               
            o u t l a w
               
            s p e e d w a y
               
            n e w s
            


                    jan 31, 2025 07:55 pm est           
                

outlaw speedway releases 2025 schedule of events


in addition to a regular fast 5 show, numerous touring groups littered throughout the “25” schedule.
story by kenny shupp jr.
(dundee, ny) without question 2024 was the best season for 9th year outlaw speedway owner/promoter, tyler siri.  in fact, it was without question the best ever in the sixty-seven-year history of the historic yates county new york facility.
siri has experimented with several different scenarios during his tenure tweaking the schedule each season to find what many would consider the perfect combination.
“since i purchased this place from the late dean hoag i have tried several different weekly classes, unique events and touring groups both locally and nationally.  last season things really came together with what many consider the most diverse schedule yet at outlaw.  using that as a baseline the 2025 schedule of events will pretty much mirror that of last year with a few subtle tweaks.”  that is according to track owner, tyler siri.
the track will open for practice on saturday, march 29, 2025, with a tentative 1:00 pm start time.  keep an eye on the tracks facebook for updates.
practice will be for everyone with free grandstand seating and a minimal pit fee to cover overhead costs.
then outlaw speedway will swing the gates for season sixty-eight with their first two-night special of the season.  
the lucas oil nationals will find open practice on friday, april 4 along with front row dash qualifying events for saturday night’s program.
then on saturday, april 5, 2025, siri and company will open for the tracks first full night of competition featuring a $4,010 to win feature for the friendly chrysler, dodge, jeep, ram modifieds.  also on the saturday card will be the knapp and schlappi lumber american racer tire 602 crate sportsman racing for a winners take of $2,100.  swarthout recycling street stocks go for $1750 to win and both the winner’s circle deli mini stocks and the napa hobby stocks will find each feature winner pocketing $1,010 to pick up their respective feature wins.
rounding out the saturday night of action will be the hustle the highway 600cc modified series where the winner walks away with $1,000.
the following weekend tradition will once again find the annual cal lane spring nationals with friday night april 11 designated for open practice along with front row qualifying for saturday’s events.
the mighty modifieds will headline the saturday, april 12 action as they will race for $4,220 to win.  the 602 sportsman feature winner will pocket $2,220 with the napa hobby stock and winner’s circle deli winners each making $1,220.
the crate late models run for $3,000 to win and rounding out the aggressive night of competition the empire super sprints make their first of several appearances at outlaw for the 10th annual spring nationals with the victor taking home $4,220. the 220 is significant as that was the car number that cal lane ran throughout most of his illustrious career.
after last year’s success running the mike jackson memorial in april, siri will do the same again in 2025 with the jackson special going off on friday, april 18, 2025, and marking the first fast 5 show of the season.
modifieds go for $4,019 to win, street stocks race for $1,519 to win and mini stocks will find their winner claiming a big check for $1,019.  the 602 crate sportsman which was the division that jackson spent much of his career will go off for a winners take of $1919.  the 19 is significant with it being the number jackson ran throughout much of his career.
rounding out the mike jackson memorial will be the first of three appearances during the 2025 campaign at outlaw speedway for the crsa 305 sprints as they will race for $1,000 to win.
tyler siri will wrap up april with an open practice on friday, april 25 allowing all competitors to shake down their equipment heading into the season opening point show on friday, may 2, 2025.
a fast 5 show will open the merry month of may with the annual roy silvers memorial with high dollar events in all weekly divisions.  buckley’s tire and brake of elmira will be onboard to present the roy silvers memorial which marks the first full point night as the track celebrates its 68th consecutive year of great dirt track racing action.
other traditional may events at the yates county venue include mother’s day night, firefighter night along with the annual gary montgomery memorial rush crate late model series on may 23.
something new and probably a first in the history of the track will be school bus races in addition to a fast 5 show presented by harris bus lines on friday, may 16.
gene dupuy dedicated much of his adult life to the dundee, ny oval as a driver and later as a track official and he will once again be remembered as the track opens the month of june on friday the 6th.  a fast 5 show awaits competitors and fans as the swarthout recycling street stocks will race for $1,313 to win as the number 13 was dupuys car number that he ran primarily in full fender divisions.  also, on the card there will be 1 on 1 spectator races paying $500 to win the elimination event.
a $5 admission night will most certainly pack the track on june 13 as father’s day will be recognized and those attending the fast 5 show are asked to bring a non-perishable food item for the dundee food pantry.
the hustle the highway 600cc modifieds will make their second appearance of the season on june 20 as they join a fast five show as outlaw will recognize military and police.
the track will lay dormant on friday, june 28 as siri will give way and show respect for dundee school graduation night.
the month of july will see nothing but dedicated events and added attractions.  
july 4 falls on a friday in 2025 and how appropriate it will be for outlaw speedway to celebrate independence day with the badest $20,000 fireworks show on the planet. 
“every year our fireworks extravaganza gets better, and we have a real dandy lined up for 2025,” stated track owner, tyler siri.
a fast 5 show on track will entertain the fans in addition to the fireworks program.
thursday night thunder went over so well last season that siri will once again bring back the short track super series for modifieds as part of the annual dave machuga memorial on thursday, july 10, 2025.  joining the mod squad will be the crate sportsman, street stocks and mini stocks with all classes racing for record purses.  mods $7078.78.  sportsman $2078.78.  street stocks $1778.78 and the mini’s $1078.78.  of course, the 78 is synonymous with machuga’s car number.
the july 10 show will be televised live on flo racing.  
the second $5 pack the track night will be on friday, july 18 as sawyer’s rv and trailer service center will present christmas in july, santa claus, autograph night and on track, it will be a fast 5 show.
outlaw speedway will pull the curtains in july with the annual steve kent memorial summer nationals.  empire super sprints and modifieds both race for $4,010.10 to win.  crate sportsman, street stocks, mini stocks will be a part of the show and the popular nypenn imca modifieds will join the party making it a truly special summer nationals on july 25.  
august marks the final month of points shows at the track, and it all begins with a fast 5 show and 1 on 1, $500 to win spectator races on spca night, august 1, 2025.
nascar night returns to its traditional august 8 date after last year’s september show.  lane’s yamaha will present the 4th annual ted siri memorial fast 5 show along with the second appearance of the crsa 305 sprints.  the friendly chrysler dodge, jeep modifieds race for $10 grand to win making it the highest paying modified show in track history.
august 15 honors kids with backpacks and bicycles flying out the door.  on track it will be a fast 5 show.
track owner/promoter, tyler siri will stick to tradition once again giving everyone a night off on friday, august 22.  this allows teams to regroup heading into the august 29 championship double point night where all five adult classes and the youth bandit division will crown the 2025 track champions.
beginning on september 12 and through october 18, 2025, a trio of season ending special’s only shows will complete the 2025 season.
the arthur and cynthia macmillan memorial will be on friday, september 12.  the ulms super late models will race for $10,000 to win.  that will get the attention of every super late model driver on the planet.  expect a record number of the high-powered monsters of the midway.  joining the super late’s will be the mighty modifieds, crate sportsman, street and mini stock divisions.
the 2024 fall nationals ulms show was a real dandy with dave hess holding off the 2024 lucas oil late model rookie of the year, drake troutman to secure the win.
the following week on sept 19 the 10th annual fall nationals will find modifieds, crate sportsman, street stocks, hobby stocks and mini stocks all racing for huge purses.  joining the fast 5 will be the high powered 360 empire super sprints racing for $4,000 to win.
outlaw speedway will complete the season the same way they have for the past ten years with the annual hoag memorial weekend.  the two-night october 17 and 18 events will feature ess sprints, crsa sprints, mini stocks, modifieds, street stocks, crate sportsman and hobby stocks.  both nights are action packed with ess and mini stock features on friday as well as crsa qualifying and front row dashes that set things up for saturday’s season finale.  bring your camper and firewood as this will be a fantastic way to wrap up the 2025 campaign.  
prior to each 2025 race event at the outlaw speedway the track will issue pre-event press releases going into detail the nights of action including classes of competition, sponsor information as well as any other extraordinary events the track may have to offer on that given night.
for a complete look at the entire 2025 outlaw speedway schedule of events simply go to www.outlawspeedwayllc.com.  on the top of the home page click onto “information” and drill down to “season schedule.”  there you will find a printable 2025 schedule.  
in addition to the tracks web site keep a close eye for daily updates regarding the facility by going to www.facebook.com/outlawspeedwayllc/.  
outlaw speedway’s facebook is one of the most sought after and viewed social media sources in motorsports.
 
outlaw speedway’s facebook guru, craig spazman simmons, works hard every day posting valuable information and keen insight on what is happening at the dundee, ny facility. 

read more news ... 
                    


































































































































































































































                                   
                                









bat proofing & removal







outlaw speedway, llc
                    82 main street
                    dundee, ny 14837
p: (607)678-4044
e: outlawspeedwayllc@gmail.com




© 2025 outlaw speedway, llc








