


injustice anywhere . . .




















    
	injustice anywhere . . .
	
  
. . . is a threat to justice everywhere.  i used to be a public defender in texas.  now, i'm a public defender in washington.  despite what you may have heard about texas justice, there's just as much injustice here as there was there.  and so i fight.  and i rant.  about justice, injustice, and life in general.  (*despite the photographic evidence below, i am not veronica mars.  she is, in fact, smarter than me.)





friday, november 07, 2008



	 
	 outrage!!!
	 
    


arizona authorities have charged an 8-year-old boy with two counts of pre-meditated murder. this is so outrageous on so many levels, i don't even know where to begin. they interrogated an 8-year-old child (whose father had just been murdered) without an attorney or parent present. he is eight years old! even assuming he did shoot and kill these two people, an 8-year-old child does not have the capacity to commit premeditated murder. somebody, somewhere, please stop this insanity!labels: juvenile



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 10:45 pm
40 comments






tuesday, october 21, 2008



	 
	 frustration
	 
    


you know what is frustrating?  when you spend forever arguing, begging, pleading, and using all your other tools of persuasion to get a prosecutor to give you a particular deal, but the prosecutor will only offer you x years.  so, you go talk to your client and explain what the offer is, and your client yells at you, "why you trying to give me x years?"labels: my cases



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 10:32 pm
7 comments









	 
	 the problems with eyewitness ids
	 
    


the dallas morning news did a very interesting investigative series on the problems with eyewitness identification and how they were major factors in the wrongful convictions of 18 of the 19 dna exonerees in dallas county.  it is a must read for anyone involved in the criminal justice system.  i wish it were a must read for everyone about to sit on a jury, but, sadly, that is not to be.labels: eyewitness id, wrongfully accused



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 10:22 pm
7 comments









	 
	 one xanax pill
	 
    


update:  morning of trial and super-longshot motion to suppress . . . prosecutor agreed to recommend year and a day with the statement that the defendant's violation was de minimis and make no further argument on sentencing and we could argue for an exceptional downward sentence (one below the minimum under the sentencing guidelines) . . . i recommended the client take the deal . . . we asked for 90 days (minimum under the guidelines was year and a day) . . . judge gave him . . . 90 days!  woohoo!***********possessing one xanax pill without a prescription should not get you a year and a day in state prison no matter how many prior felony convictions you have. also, it does not make me feel better when a prosecutor tells me that he wishes he could do something better for me, and that he feels bad that he can't do better. if you wish you could do something better and you feel bad that you can't do better, then do something better!labels: my cases, prosecutors, war on drugs



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 10:21 pm
4 comments






wednesday, september 17, 2008



	 
	 why just having the right to a jury trial matters
	 
    


recently, i had a jury trial that reminded me why having the right to a jury trial matters, and why it is blatantly unfair that juveniles do not have that right, and yet their convictions from juvenile court can count significantly in sentencing decisions for crimes they may commit as adults.my client was charged with stalking.  i don't want to get into all the details, but i will say that, based on my interpretation of the stalking statute, i did not believe my client was guilty.  even assuming all the facts as laid out in the police report were true, i did not believe that my client committed the crime of stalking under any reasonable interpretation of the stalking statute.  in washington, this allows us to file a motion before trial, arguing that the charge should be dismissed.  for the purpose of the hearing, you concede that everything in the police reports are true, but say that all of that information is insufficient to prove the crime charged.  so, i filed that motion.  the judge and the prosecutor each had their own different but equally unreasonable--in my opinion--interpretation of the statute, and so my motion was denied.  my client was disheartened, but i told him i still thought we should win in a jury trial.so, we went to a jury trial.  this time, i made essentially the same argument in a motion to dismiss after the state rested its case.  my legal argument was the same, but the judge this time was deciding whether the evidence actually presented at trial--as opposed to what the police reports said--was sufficient for any reasonable jury to convict my client of the crime.  again, i made my argument, and once again, the prosecutor had his unreasonable interpretation, and the judge came up with a strange interpretation of the evidence to go along with his strange interpretation of the law, and denied me again.and so, i was left to argue the law to the jury.  i had not disputed any real fact presented by the state.  i gave a 5-7 minute closing argument.  i just wrote the key words from the definitions in the statute and explained why, no matter what they thought of what my client did, they could not find that what he did was the crime of stalking.  i was, essentially, making the exact same arguments on the law that i had made to the judge to the jury.  the prosecutor made his arguments about why what my client did fit the statute and he argued his interpretation of the statute.the jury deliberated for about 45 minutes, and found my client not guilty.  this, despite the fact that the victim of the alleged stalking was a police officer.when asked by the prosecutor afterwards why they acquitted, they said that the definitions made it pretty clear that what my client did wasn't stalking.  a few days later, a friend of mine told me that a woman she knew had been on my jury, and that she had said that it took them a while to vote on who the foreperson would be, but that the "not guilty" verdict was easy.and yet, if my client, like a juvenile, had no right to a jury trial, he probably would have been found guilty.  he may have won an acquittal on appeal, but that likely would have been after he had done at least a significant amount of his probation and probably all of his detention time.  sometimes, even when your whole case is about a correct interpretation of the law, you need to have 12 citizens who can read two or three definitions, put them together, apply them to the virtually undisputed facts, and say, "not guilty."  sometimes, you need the jury to tell the judge that his interpretation of the law is wrong.labels: judges, juries, my cases



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 10:10 am
10 comments






thursday, september 11, 2008



	 
	 long time, no blog . . .
	 
    


yeah, i know you've heard that before.  i apologize.  circumstances have conspired against me.  so, here's an update:i have moved from juvenile court to adult felonies.  i was really torn when i was asked to make the move.  it was considered an advancement in the office, but i had really grown to love juvenile work.  i missed being able to do jury trials (and having my clients have the right to a jury trial), but i knew i would miss the kids.  so far, though, i am happy where i am.  i have been back in front of a few juries with pretty good results so far. i am still busier than ever--the life of a public defender.  and things at my office are far from perfect.  but, what has inspired me to get back into blogging is what is going on at my old office in dallas.  they are really suffering.  they are being messed with in the extreme by the political forces in the county, and good, experienced public defenders are quitting because they don't believe they can meet their ethical obligations to their clients under the quota system that has been imposed there.my thoughts go out to all my former colleagues there in dallas, whether they have chosen to leave or are trying to stick it out.  i don't know what i would do if i were still there.  on one hand, i respect those who have quit because they do not believe that they can fulfill their ethical obligations to provide zealous representation under the overly burdensome caseload standards that have been imposed.  on the other hand, i respect those who are staying because they know that good, ethical attorneys need to be there to represent the indigent accused.  i wish them all the best and hope that changes will be coming.  (for more information about the situation in dallas, check out grits for breakfast.  as per usual, he is all over the issue.)hopefully, it won't be another year before my next post!labels: blogging, public defenders



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 3:37 pm
8 comments






tuesday, june 19, 2007



	 
	 kiddie prison post coming soon . . . and that duke thing
	 
    


i took a fascinating tour of three of the state's juvenile institutions last week, and i am working on a nice, long post about it all.  the short story is that they weren't as bad as i thought they would be, but still not someplace we should be sending kids except in extreme circumstances.  in the meantime, check out david feige's (of indefensible) spot-on analysis in slate of why disgraced duke prosecutor mike nifong's disbarment is a "freakish anomaly" rather than a precedent for the criminal justice system.labels: juvenile, misconduct, prosecutors



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 11:45 am
11 comments






monday, june 04, 2007



	 
	 18 years later, tiananman square remembered
	 
    


this is a photograph of a candlelight vigil in hong kong marking the 18th anniversary of the tiananman square crackdown. china still remains an oppressive regime that regularly violates the human rights of its citizens. but hey, they make great trading partners! labels: human rights, news



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 6:32 pm
5 comments






thursday, may 31, 2007



	 
	 trial frenzy
	 
    


it seems like i was here for months before i finally tried my first case.  i had a couple go to the brink of trial, only to be pulled back by a last-minute offer too good to turn down.  then, finally, one trial.  a couple months later, another.  and now i am preparing to go to trial for the fifth time in seven weeks--my second sex case in the same time period.trial is one of those experiences that is simultaneously exhilerating and exhausting.  nothing gets me revved up like a trial.  nothing gives me butterflies or keeps me up at nights like a trial.  trial keeps me in a state of hypervigilance.  you have to pay attention to everything that's happening in the courtroom while processing how what is being said affects your case, and thinking about how you're going to respond to what was said, and all the while remembering when to appropriately object, and when not to object even if you properly could because you want the evidence to come in, and, well, you get the picture.  exhilerating and exhausting.and it really doesn't matter if it's a case you think you can win or one you have no hope of winning.  at least not to me.  for me to really be prepared for trial, i have to get myself in a place where i believe that i can win.  i have to believe that if i do everything i possibly can, as effectively as i can, that i can win the case.  it's the only way i feel i can be sure that i give everything i have even in a case that, viewing it from a dispassionate distance, i would realize i have no hope of winning.  so, when the case is over, it is just as crushing to lose a case that was a loser all along as it is to lose one that i thought i could win, because i got myself to a place where i thought i could win it, no matter what.  of course, winning a case tends to create a bit of delirium of its own.  but win or lose, the overwhelming feeling at the end of a trial is exhaustion. unfortunately, there's no time to rest.  because while i was in trial, more new cases have landed on my desk, and, oh yeah, the trial date on that other case is now a few days closer with nothing having been done, and there are 15 messages on my voice mail, and the beat goes on.labels: my cases, trials



posted by 123txpublicdefender123 at 7:48 am
5 comments











about me

name:  123txpublicdefender123 
location:  somewhere beautiful, washington, united states 
view my complete profile
email me (but not with personal legal questions--i cannot answer them.  see legal disclaimer below.)


***recently voted person of the year for 2006 by time magazine***



criminal defense, civil liberties, and innocence organizations

american civil liberties union
the innocence project
life after exoneration program
national association of criminal defense lawyers
national legal aid & defender association
washington defender association

public defender blogs

a public defender
accident prone
audacity
arbitrary and capricious
between a laugh and a tear
blind insight
blonde justice
a blues like down home
capital defense weekly
defending those people
demi kasia's xanga site
demonstrative evidence
do not pass geaux
federal defender law blogs
fight 'em 'til we can't
frolics and detours
gideon's guardians
i [heart] public defense
the imbroglio
indefensible
infinity ranch
in the moment - a blog for warriors
ipse dixit
jay
kansas defenders
the misadventures of the crimson bear
north, to alaska
of a public defender's life
overemotional arguing
pd wannabe
public defender stuff
a public defender's journal
public pretender
scoplaw
the suburban ecstacies
tales of a public defender investigator
woman of the law
the wretched of the earth

criminal law blogs

abolish the death penalty
alaskablawg
anita witness
assuming arguendo
confrontation blog
crime & federalism
crimlaw
crimprof blawg
defensology
dui blog
grits for breakfast
sentencing law & policy
talk left
underdog blog

prosecutor blogs

mister da
prosecutor post-script
seeking justice

legal blogs

the 13th juror
aclu of texas
appellate law & practice
barely legal
how appealing
prawfsblawg
scotusblog

other fun and interesting sites and blogs

defamer
fametracker
gawker
mars investigations
peekaboo
television without pity
windypundit

previous posts

outrage!!!
frustration
the problems with eyewitness ids
one xanax pill
why just having the right to a jury trial matters
long time, no blog . . .
kiddie prison post coming soon . . . and that duke...
18 years later, tiananman square remembered
trial frenzy
why youtube is the best website ever

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
april 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008


legal disclaimer:  the legal analysis and opinions offered on this blog are those of the author individually and are not reflective or indicative of the opinions and positions of the author's employer. nothing on this blog is intended or should in any way be construed as legal advice. if you have legal problems, please hire an attorney and consult with him/her. do not rely on anything written in this blog for legal advice. 






 













