











home | the lundquist institute

















































































      skip to main content
    




















search








donate today
donate




aboutinnovation spotlightleadershiplegendscareersconflicts of interest policymissionfunctional directoryucla ctsi at the lundquist institute/harbor-uclaresearchresearch theme groupsresearchersinvestigator newsclinical trialsbusiness development & technology transfereducationphd programinternshipshigh school summer fellows programcommunity programswomen's health care clinic recordsgivedonate nowplanned givingways to givedonor impact reportnewseventsmedia coveragephoto galleriesvideo resourcesreach magazineinstitute brochure





















 
read news










































the lundquist institute thanks outgoing board member dan rosenfeld

      february 7, 2025

      the lundquist institute for biomedical innovation at harbor-ucla medical center (tli) extends its heartfelt thanks to dan rosenfeld for his invaluable contributions and years of dedicated service at the institute.














the lundquist institute appoints joe w. ramos, phd, as new president & ceo

      january 8th, 2025

      the lundquist institute for biomedical innovation at harbor-ucla medical center is pleased to announce the appointment of joe w. ramos, phd, as its new president and chief executive officer, effective january 21, 2025.














dr. shakti singh awarded five-year nih grant for groundbreaking research on can…

      september 17, 2024

      dr. shakti singh awarded five-year nih grant for groundbreaking research on candida auris














lundquist institute awarded $5.4 million cirm grant to expand the use of stem c…

      september 12, 2024

      lundquist institute awarded $5.4 million cirm grant to expand the use of stem cells to model human disease and extend its reach to neighboring underserved and marginalized communities














bill dorfman, dds, joins lundquist institute board of directors

      august 26, 2024

      tli welcomes a new incoming board member and thanks two outgoing members














the lundquist institute wic program receives usda 2024 wic breastfeeding gold a…

      august 22, 2024

      the award recognizes tli’s wic program for outstanding achievement  in supporting and promoting breastfeeding among it participants














tli investigator dr. lynda polgreen’s study published in nature medicine showin…

      june 29, 2024

      the study found that anakinra is safe and effective in improving neurobehavioral and functional outcomes for patients with sanfilippo syndrome














tli investigator dr. marianne gausche-hill co-authors new study revealing cost-…

      june, 11 2024

      a groundbreaking study published in the journal of the american college of emergency physicians open demonstrates that adhering to national pediatric care guidelines in emergency departments (eds) saves children’s lives and is cost-effective.














a trailblazer returns: 94-year-old mary burns revisits lundquist institute for …

      june 10, 2024

      marking a special milestone for medical research, mary burns, a 94-year-old trailblazer in the battle against copd, made her return to the lundquist institute














tli receives $2.6 million grant from usamraa to develop wearable biosensors

      april 24, 2024

      the proposed sensor has the potential to not only revolutionize copd management but also to impact healthcare by incorporating wearable electronics into chronic disease management














the lundquist institute (tli) announces changes to its board of directors

      april 9, 2024

      tli welcomes four incoming board members and thanks four outgoing members














tli investigator dr. denise al alam receives $1.5 million grant from cirm to ex…

      april 2, 2024

      tli investigator dr. denise al alam receives $1.5 million grant from cirm to explore genetic defects of lung disease in down syndrome














dr. yoshihara awarded $3 million nih r01 grant for diabetes stem cell therapy r…

      april 1, 2024

      dr. yoshihara will investigate cutting-edge transcriptional gene regulation processes.














dr. nicholas jendzjowsky receives nih/niaid grant to investigate the neural reg…

      wednesday, march 20, 2024

      the project will take a pioneering approach to unraveling sensory and autonomic neurons in the overproduction of ige in allergic asthma














tli investigator dr. wei yan named editor-in-chief of the andrology journal

      march 18, 2024

      the lundquist institute is proud to announce that wei yan, md, phd, a distinguished professor at the david geffen school of medicine at ucla and lundquist investigator, has been appointed by the american society of andrology and the european academy of an














dr. loren miller to receive 2024 top ten clinical research achievement award

       february 14, 2024

      lundquist investigator loren miller, md, mph, will be honored with a 2024 top ten clinical research achievement award by the clinical research forum (cr forum) at a las vegas, nv ceremony, on april 2, 2024. dr. miller is an investigator at tli, chief of i














donor impact report

      september 1, 2023

      your support has directly enabled us to conduct research focusing on life-threatening diseases like cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd). you’ve helped us launch clinical trials that are testing cutting-edge therapies, and for that, we 














legends 2023

      december 7, 2023

      legends 2023 photo gallery














lundquist institute, l.a. county emergency services & harbor-ucla department of…

      november 9, 2023

      this initiative seeks to improve emergency medical services in l.a. county by drastically reducing post-motor vehicle crash deaths through a new protocol mobile application














lundquist investigator dr. mohsen saidinejad is the lead author of an article i…

      october 26, 2023

      in the pediatrics article, “the management of children and youth pediatric mental and behavioral health emergencies,” dr. saidinejad and his co-authors note that “mental and behavioral health (mbh) conditions affect as many as 1 in 5 children ...














the lundquist institute innovation showcase

      10/9/2023

      the innovation showcase has been blessed with a history of stellar speakers and this year expanded upon those laurels.














lundquist investigator dr. loren miller is the lead author of the “universal de…

      october 10, 2023

      ahrq-funded study finds “universal decolonization” lowers hospital transfers due to infection from methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa)














lundquist investigator dr. harry rossiter awarded $3.8 million nih grant  to de…

      september 20, 2023

      the lundquist institute (tli) investigator, harry rossiter, phd, has been awarded a five-year r01 grant totaling $3.8 million from the national institutes of health’s national heart lung and blood institute (nih/nhlbi). the r01 is the most prestigious and














reach magazine, fall 2023

      research within reach

      dr. joel kopple on nutritional therapy for chronic kidney disease | a full plate: pursuing a phd and raising a family at the same time | the new farima czyzyk center for cardiac research and wellness














lundquist institute investigator eiji yoshihara, phd., receives two major grant…

      september 16, 2023

      trdrp research grant and jdrf multi-pi grant will help to establish the basis of diabetes and provides new therapeutics














dr. michael yeaman awarded $11.5 million niaid/hhs grant for research to unders…

      august 15, 2023

      the research will apply state-of-the-art science to address antibiotic-resistant  bloodstream infections caused by staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) and candida albicans














the lundquist institute receives gift from the samberg foundation  to study the…

      july 25, 2023

      the gift will facilitate an fda-approved multi-site clinical trial under the co-direction  of lundquist investigators, dr. charles s. grob and dr. anthony p. bossis














lundquist institute investigator dr. virender rehan and advent therapeutics awa…

      july 25, 2023

      the nih award will support dr. rehan’s and advent’s research to develop and position  its novel aerosolized vitamin a formulation for commercialization to prevent bpd














institute for translational genomics and population sciences contributes to new…

      friday, june 12, 2023

      sample blood for screening diabetic test in blood tube on blood sugar control chart.














lundquist institute investigators co-author paper in jama on coronary heart dis…

      friday, june 2, 2023

      drs. jerome rotter & matt budoff study shows that in middle-aged to older adults the coronary artery calcium score improved chd risk discrimination














lundquist institute start-up vitalex biosciences awarded grant from niaid/nih

      april 26, 2023

      award is for the vx-01 monoclonal antibody (mab) program targeting the debilitating indication of mucormycosis














lundquist institute's dr. eric daar lead author in paper in the annals of inter…

      april 26, 2023

      the study showed that antibody combination provides strong protection against severe covid-19 in large international trial.









video
https://vimeo.com/816360651




the lundquist institute celebrated the career of david s. cannom, md video

      april 8, 2023

      the lundquist institute celebrated the career of david s. cannom, md, on april 8 with a dinner event in his honor. dr. cannom is a cardiac electrophysiologist and a cardiologist and has been practicing medicine for nearly 60 yrs. click to watch the video














the lundquist institute celebrated the career of david s. cannom, md, photos

      april 8, 2023

      the lundquist institute celebrated the career of david s. cannom, md, on april 8 in torrance, california with a dinner event in his honor. dr. cannom is a cardiac electrophysiologist and a cardiologist and has been practicing medicine for nearly 60 years.














the lundquist institute now working on a vaccine for the urgent fungal threat o…

      march 23, 2023

      cdc says candida auris is spreading at an alarming rate throughout health care facilities in the u.s. and is resistant to several antifungal drugs














2022 lundquist legends scott filler, md, and darrell harrington, md, honored fo…

      december 13, 2022

      dr. filler feted for his research on fungal infections and vaccines while dr. harrington celebrated for his work in internal medicine and treating venous thromboembolism (vte)














reach magazine, fall 2022

      saving lives one breath at a time

      matt budoff on why our hearts need a mammogram; eiji yoshihara on stem cell therapy for diabetes; meet our scientists, meet the board, and much more.














lundquist institute investigator dr. matt budoff receives $1 million gift from …

      november 22, 2022

      the gift will be used to study the effects of the anti-inflammatory colchicine in people with coronary artery disease














lundquist institute investigator dr. eric daar and research team find that hiv …

      november 17, 2022

      findings published in the lancet ebiomedicine demonstratethe positive effect of state-of-the-art ingestible sensor for hiv therapeutics














the lundquist institute receives $1.5 million gift from farima and joseph czyzy…

      october 27, 2022

      the diagnostic and wellness center will be renamed the farima czyzyk center for cardiac research and wellness














lundquist institute phd students ashley barbarino and abdullah alqarihi receive…

      ashley barbarino and abdullah alqarihi honored

      this highly prestigious asm fellowship supports doctoral graduate students interested in the microbial sciences and who seek mentorship in navigating their career trajectory. 














news & updates from lundquist investigators

      may 3, 2022

      at the lundquist institute, our investigators and researchers work at the cutting edge of discovery. to highlight and showcase their work, we are launching a new site called investigator news. learn more here.









video
https://vimeo.com/692334181




celebrating innovations past, present, and future: 70 years at the lundquist in…

      march 30, 2022

      view our video celebrating 70 years of groundbreaking discoveries at the lundquist institute for biomedical innovation.














new lundquist brochure tells our story

      70 years of history

      the lundquist institute is an engine of innovation with a global reach and a 70-year reputation of improving and saving lives. we are working at the very edge of discovery and innovation. here is our story.














lundquist institute launches little einsteins program

      jody spillane spearheads new program to introduce elementary school students to science

      the lundquist institute today has launched an exciting new  program  that  introduces  elementary  public-school  students  to  science.














education and training opportunities

      february 23, 2022

      as part of its continuing educational outreach efforts, the lundquist institute provides training opportunities for students (high school, undergraduate, graduate) seeking an experience in medical research or administration.














ryan's story

      december 27, 2021

      ryan's story














juanita's story

      december 27, 2021

      juanita's story









video
https://vimeo.com/659118932




the lundquist “impositive” float will be in the 2022 rose parade

      december 6 2021

      the lundquist institute will have a float in the 2022 rose parade called “impositive” to celebrate its 70th anniversary. 














fall 2021

      the institute's rapid response to the the pandemic vaccine roundtable

      lundquist legend: dr. k.r. tanaka | meet our scientist: lynda polgreen, md | repairing a damaged brain














prestigious $5 million cirm scholar research training award received

      september 24, 2021

      received a generous $5 million, 5-year grant from the california institute for regenerative medicine (cirm) that will allow its phd students, postdoctoral fellows and clinical fellows to pursue careers in …











 




quick links


clinical trials


innovation licensing


internship inquiry


contact us


privacy policy


visit our campus




contribute


donate now


planned giving


ways to give




employee links


benefits


remote access




working at the lundquist institute


careers









donate today






search







social links








































































