





valley auto glass lompoc - we can repair your windshield

































































 


















 
























toggle navigation

















call us:(805) 972-3033









send us a mail:valleyautoglass@ymail.com









opening hours:mon-fri: 9am -6 pm 















home
about us
services
quote
schedule an appt



















 






windshield repair 

we provide a profesional windshield replacement and windshield repair services 







15 years of experience 

 

our experts can repair or replace your 
windshield quickly without disrupting your day 








 













valley auto glass, the only auto glass experts you’ll find in lompoc california.


we are a family owned autoglass business with over 15 years of experience in the beautiful central coast. the plan was not always to open our own business, until 2017. we are a family of three: geo, ingrid and lionel pineda. lionel was born in nov. 2016 and his arrival came with a surprise; at 5 hours old, lionel was diagnosed with a complicated congenital heart defect (chd). after many long hospital stays and heart surgeries, doctors advised to keep lionel close to home to avoid other health issues. it was then when we had to make yet another hard decision – who was going to stay home with our son? geo had years of experience working in the autoglass business so we decided to take a leap of faith. we are blessed to spend time with our son while providing high quality glass  installations at low prices. we are striving to be the best in the business while helping the community that has giving us so much. we love what we do and reflect it in the way we operate our business. 














warranty: workmanship & rock chip warranty with every installationhablamos españolnow offering windhield wipers








gold glass group’s mission is to supply high quality products to the automotive glass and restoration industries. ggg offers a comprehensive product line ranging from part specific and universal mouldings for the auto glass replacement market, to products for automotive glass manufacturers, as well as specialty products designed specifically for the auto restoration industry.





services




we provide same day affordable and reliable mobile glass repair service. valley auto glass specializes in new windshield installation, windshield chip, crack fix, replace driver side or passenger side window, back glass replacement, door glass replacement, and window regulator.









we work with heavy equipment, motor homes, semi trucks and boats!










windshields repair










sun roofs










quarter glass










custom cuts










rockchip repair










back glass










mirror installations










recalibration










vent glass










power window repair










tint




get in touch


we provide top notch maintenance service for all types of vehicles. valley auto glass specializes in autoglass replacement and repair. for the last 15 years we have served the automotive glass needs of beautiful  santa barbara county.



name *firstlastphone *emailcomment or message *commentsubmit


clients








winn hyundai santa maria
800 w main st, - santa maria, ca 93458








maaco collision
1039 w main st, - santa maria, ca 93458








toyota lompoc
203 e ocean ave - lompoc, ca 93436








rocket town honda
1224 n h st - lompoc, ca 93436








sunset auto center
1300 n h st - lompoc, ca 93436



repair your windshield today? call us (805) 936-0353


 





















 







                                                            valley auto glass. design by kreatip 










 




























