






pro logic remodeling, inc. – we construct. we deliver. we stay.





























































loading...



skip to content








 call us: 832 731 0608

 email us: inquiry@prologic-inc.com 
  

















 













 


working hours 
mon - sat: 8 am - 6 pm, sunday: closed






office address
3681 werninger st., houston, texas 77032

















home
services
about
blog
contact
careers
 







search for:



 





















 





we construct. 

this is the nature of our business. we're here to design, plan and build what you need, 
 based on your vision & imagination. we'll tell you if it's possible.
                 

our services 

contact us 







we deliver. 

part of our company mission is to provide our deliverables on time and within the timeframe.  
 we value your time, your trust & your future referrals.
                 

our services 

contact us 







we stay. 

we don't leave any project without leaving the good marks of our company name. 
 we aim to stay on every game.
                 

our services 

contact us 



 






building, fixing & remodeling houses since 2003.




about us


			our services			
		



project management

			
			we can provide you comprehensive supervision and documentation and extensive experience in all aspects of construction. 
		



civil works

			
			from planning, costing, mobilization, to dewatering, piling, steel structure until concreting works, we are your best option amongst today’s competition. 
		



interior design

			
			not only do we value modernity, we also prioritize the use of materials & resources within your budget.
		



mep works

			
			you can always make sure that your household necessities are never failing your expectations.
		


check out more










the growth & the success of the company for the past decade and 5 years is inspired by our vision to build lives for better generations. we’re still up for the challenge.






			recent news			
		

 
the best buying guide for outdoor blinds on the gold coast
august 19, 2024august 19, 2024
 

 

outdoor blinds are among the investments you should make if you love spending time on outdoor structures like patios and decks. unfortunately, due to the large variety of outdoor blinds available on the market, you must be very careful when choosing your outdoor blinds. when you have the right outdoor blinds in your outdoor spaces, you will have the best time in these outdoor spaces. therefore, it is essential that you know the factors that you should consider when choosing your outdoor blinds on the gold coast.
things to do when selecting outdoor blinds on the gold coast
when choosing outdoor blinds, the following are things that you should consider:

define your purpose

this is the first thing you must do whenever you want to buy outdoor blinds on the gold coast. ask yourself why you wish the outdoor blinds served in your outdoor spaces.  this will help you choose the outdoor blinds suitable for your outdoor spaces depending on the purpose you want them to serve. if you want to have a great time outdoors without being distracted by the sun, you can buy outdoor blinds that will offer you sun protection. additionally, if you always have intimate dates for your outdoor spaces, you can select outdoor blinds to enhance privacy.

understand the variety of blinds available

outdoor blinds are available in different types, like roller blinds and retractable blinds. for this reason, you need to understand the various types of outdoor blinds available in the market and their features. additionally, understand the pros and cons of each type of outdoor blind . thus, you will easily choose the best outdoor blinds for your spaces.

check material and durability

the outdoor blinds you find will be made using different materials whose durability varies. due to this reason, you must make sure you choose outdoor blinds made with quality materials that last longer.

color, patterns, and themes

additionally, check the colors, patterns, and themes that these outdoor blinds create in your outdoor spaces. it would help if you always looked for outdoor blinds that make your outdoor blinds look more attractive. this is why you should select outdoor blinds whose color, pattern, and themes match your home, outdoor furniture, and your taste and preference.
benefits of buying outdoor blinds on the gold coast
buying outdoor blinds comes with the following benefits;

offers your loved one’s protection from uv rays

one of the benefits of installing outdoor blinds in your outdoor spaces is that they offer protection from the harsh rays of the sun.  this makes your outdoor spaces very comfortable, especially if you love spending time in your outdoor spaces. therefore, when you install outdoor blinds, you can have your loved ones and friends over and spend quality time in your outdoor spaces, even when the weather is very sunny. even if you spend the whole day in these outdoor spaces, you can be sure that nobody will be affected by the scorching sun rays.

protect your outdoor furniture

the other benefit of installing outdoor blinds is that they protect your outdoor furniture against damage by the uv rays of the sun.  this way, you can be sure that your outdoor furniture and carpets will last very long without fading or losing their beauty.

enhances your privacy

adding outdoor blinds in your outdoor spaces makes your outdoor spaces very private. this way, you can be sure nobody will be prying on your business in your outdoor spaces. thus, even when you want to have intimate moments with your loved ones, you can be sure that these moments will be very private.
don’t hesitate to contact us for reliable outdoor blinds installation on the gold coast.

 
unveiling the secrets of air conditioning service in canberra: is your cooling system ready for the challenge?
october 3, 2023october 3, 2023
 

canberra, the heart of australia’s capital, boasts a unique blend of natural beauty and urban sophistication. but as temperatures start to climb, the need for reliable air conditioning becomes undeniable. have you ever wondered what it takes to keep your cooling system running smoothly in the face of scorching summers and chilly winters? get ready to explore the world of air conditioning service in canberra – a realm where comfort meets efficiency, and expertise reigns supreme.
i. the canberra climate conundrum: why expert air conditioning service matters
canberra’s climate: a rollercoaster ride for your ac
from frosty winter mornings to blistering summer afternoons, canberra’s climate takes you on a temperature rollercoaster. but how does this constant flux impact your air conditioning system?
the extreme shifts in canberra’s climate put your air conditioner through its paces. as temperatures plummet to single digits during winters and soar above 30 degrees celsius in the summer, your ac unit becomes a steadfast companion. to ensure it remains up to the task, professional air conditioning service is essential. but what does this service entail, and why is it worth the investment?
ii. deciphering the elements of air conditioning service: a behind-the-scenes look
the inner workings of expert maintenance: a lifeline for your ac
your air conditioner operates quietly in the background, but its components work tirelessly to maintain your indoor comfort. what goes into a comprehensive air conditioning service?
1. thorough inspection and cleaning: the foundation of performance
the journey to optimal air conditioning performance starts with a thorough inspection. expert technicians meticulously examine your ac unit’s various components, from the evaporator coils to the condenser. they identify any signs of wear, tear, or potential issues that could hinder its performance. furthermore, cleaning is a vital aspect of this process. dust, debris, and pollutants can accumulate over time, clogging crucial components and reducing efficiency. a professional cleaning ensures that your ac breathes freely, delivering crisp, clean air to your space.
2. precision tune-up: enhancing efficiency and longevity
your air conditioner is a mechanical marvel, but like all machines, it requires fine-tuning to function optimally. during a service, technicians fine-tune the system’s settings, calibrating thermostat accuracy and optimising air distribution. they also inspect refrigerant levels, ensuring that your ac doesn’t overwork itself or underperform due to improper coolant levels. this precision tune-up not only enhances the system’s efficiency but also extends its lifespan, saving you from premature replacements.
 elevate your comfort quotient with expert air conditioning service. in the realm of air conditioning service in canberra, the stakes are high, and the benefits are even higher. a well-maintained ac not only keeps your indoor environment comfortable but also operates efficiently, potentially lowering your energy bills. as canberra’s climate throws curveballs, from frosty mornings to sweltering afternoons, your cooling system stands as your shield against the elements. however, to ensure its unwavering performance, partnering with professionals who understand its intricacies is imperative.
the leading air conditioning servicing isn’t just about fixing what’s broken; it’s about elevating what’s functional to its peak potential. the comprehensive inspection, meticulous cleaning, and precision tune-up not only ensure that your cooling system stands ready for whatever canberra’s weather gods have in store but also contribute to a healthier, more energy-efficient home. so, when it comes to your air conditioning needs, don’t settle for anything less than the best. invest in professional service that keeps your indoor environment cool, comfortable, and perfectly tailored to your needs.

 
the benefits of hiring a commercial cleaning service in brisbane
july 26, 2023july 26, 2023
 

 

it is essential that the work environment should be clean and hygienic. it can enhance the success and the productivity of a business organization. however, the demands of running a company make it difficult to give ample time and resources in order to ensure that the premises are completely clean and spotless. this is where professional commercial cleaning services in brisbane can be approached for their impeccable service.
factors to consider when hiring it commercial cleaning service in brisbane
with the help of a commercial cleaning service,  you can expect exceptional cleaning, this is because they have a trained and skilled staff who understands the importance of different methods they can use to clean offices, retail establishments and even medical facilities. the service that you hire are equipped with handling different kind of cleaning requirements.
a cleaning service has got access to special tools and cleaning products, which can effectively eliminate dirt and dust and other such contaminants from the premises. they make sure that they pay attention to detail in order to create a healthier workspace for employees and visitors. it should be kept in mind that every business has a specific cleaning requirement and a professional cleaning service can offer you a customized cleaning solution which would cater to the specific needs of your premises. whether you require a weekly or a monthly cleaning service or you might have specific requirement such as window cleaning, the professional cleaners can create the right kind of plan which is suitable for your business
it is better that the cleaning should be outsourced to professional service providers, because it can help you save time and resources. instead of hiring employees to handle the cleaning task it can be time consuming and distracting as well. on the other hand, when you rely on the services of a commercial cleaning service it will allow your employees to focus on their important duties and a clean environment always leads to improved efficiency. you wouldn’t have to invest in equipment and supplies because the service provider would be responsible for taking care of all the necessary resources.
the health of the employees is something which cannot be compromised and therefore it is essential to maintain a clean and hygienic workspace. a professional commercial cleaner is well versed in the health and safety regulations and they make sure that they follow the right kind of practices and cleaning method and products to make sure that the area meets the highest standard of cleanliness. it can also reduce the chances of spread of illnesses and when you hire commercial cleaning services, you can be assured that your business provides a safe environment for everyone.
investing in commercial cleaning services offered by comclean in brisbane is the best decision which can have a number of benefits for any business organization. it not only ensures a clean and healthy workspace but can also help enhance the productivity and the morale of the employees. with the help of professional cleaning service, a business organization is able to maintain the success of the company. make sure to outsource your cleaning requirements so that you can focus on the more important aspects of your business.
 

 
easy tips for maintaining your sparkling water system
february 11, 2021february 8, 2021
 

if you have recently had a sparkling water tap installed in your kitchen you may also want to know simple tips for maintaining it the right way. just like any other appliance this water system requires regular maintenance on a timely basis. maintaining the system would ensure that the tap operates the way it should and it can also help extend its life span.
the following tips and advice would help make things easier for you.
maintenance tips for sparkling water systems
it is necessary to ensure that the tap is in good condition this would require keeping the tap and the sink unit clean. you might also need to change the filter on a regular basis. on the other hand cleaning alone is not the only thing that you need to do. you may also need the services of a professional to ensure that the tap is in proper working order. while you’re cleaning the tap you should only make use of a soft cloth and a mild dish washing soap. avoid using corrosive or spray cleaners which can only cause damage to the system in the long run. it is also essential that you change the filters because if you don’t do that often enough you would not be getting clean drinking water. changing the filters on your own is easy if you follow the instructions written down in the manual. however if it is not something which you can manage on your own you can always get professional help for it.
also certain maintenance tasks are only carried out by a professional and this would include cleaning the water lines and making sure that all the fittings and fixtures are in the right working order. these regular checks should be carried out every six to eight months.
troubleshooting simple issues
there are certain common problems which you might face with your sparkling water taps and these are some things which you can easily troubleshoot on your own. the water may flow slowly or it may develop a certain unpleasant taste or odor. if you find yourself facing any of this issues it is indication that it is time to change the filter. on the other hand if you feel that the tap is not dispensing water at the correct temperature or if it is leaking you might need to call in the services of a professional. attempting to solve these issues on your own might actually aggravate the problem.
it is often a good idea to have some knowledge about the frequency of changing the filters. the filter has to be changed every 6 to 12 months depending upon the quality of the water in your area and the amount that it is used. your technician would also be able to guide you on the ideal changing frequency based on your area and the level of usage.
in order to get the most out of your drinking water system you should ensure that it is working at its optimum best. choose streamwater sparkling water systems.

 
5 reasons why you should hire a professional for garage door servicing
december 3, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

your garage door is among the doors that you use every day in your home. this is because you have to drive your car out as you go out and bring it back in the evening. consequently, when you want to store your valuables or even fetch them from your garage, you will have to use the garage doors.  this means that your garage door is likely to wear down and even have some issues now and then. for these issues to be solved, you have to ensure that you service your garage doors.
garage door service is one of the things that should be done by professionals, but people choose to do it themselves. you could be able to service your door perfectly, but the following are some of the reasons why you should hire a professional to help you with the garage door servicing.
it reduces injury risks
most of the people who service their garage doors will look for some tutorials online to help them with the garage door servicing.  therefore, you will be servicing your garage doors, but you lack any knowledge or experience of garage door service. you do not know when you are making a mistake and what you should do when you make a mistake. this can pose a danger to yourself or to the people that you love. 
you should get someone who is trained and experienced in garage door servicing to help you with servicing your garage doors. they know how to handle the heavy material that will be involved and how to use the right tools for work.  this offers you peace of mind since no one is likely to be injured when you have a professional servicing your garage door.
it saves you time
as mentioned earlier, you do not have any training or experience that is required when servicing the garage doors. therefore, you will have a tough time looking at the online tutorials and trying to do what is being done in the tutorials. this is why you are likely to spend so much time servicing your garage doors. however, when you have a professional doing it, they know what to do at every step of the task, and therefore, they will spend several minutes to complete the task. this will save you so much time that you may imagine.
it is cost saving
as you plan to service your garage doors, you will have to buy the required tools. therefore, you will spend so much money, and you may not do the right thing with the tools you buy. therefore, you will end up calling a professional to help you with the garage door servicing.  if you do not want to spend more than it should cost you, you should ensure that you have a professional to help you with the garage door servicing.
it is convenient
the other reason why you should opt for a professional for the garage door servicing is that they offer convenience. a professional will ensure that they look for any issues that your garage door may be having during the garage door servicing. therefore, all the existing issues will be fixed in time, making their services convenient.
guarantee
the other reason why you should hire a professional to help you with the servicing of your garage door is the fact that their services are guaranteed. they have the right tools and know how to handle them. also, they will give you a guarantee for the services that they offer you.
gold coast door centre will be glad to maintain and repair your garage doors for you.

 
pros and cons of travertine flooring option
november 28, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

travertine is one of the most attractive forms of limestone with marble-like texture and earth-tone colours, making it a famous stone among builders and homeowners. historically, travertine came from the mountains of italy, but the ones sold today come from peru, mexico, turkey, and iran. tiles are made from this travertine to be used as a flooring material. travertine is usually sold in the form of tiles coming in different earth-tone colours such as tans, browns, rustic, and beige hues. travertine is durable and easy to care for, unlike other types of natural stone. again, it’s cumbersome compared to other types, and its porousness requires the surface to be sealed regularly. even though they are not appropriate for all locations, with proper care and maintenance, the travertine floor can give a unique blend of beauty to our interior spaces.
what are travertine tiles? read through the article to find out more about them.
pros
stylish but dignifiedadds value to the real estatesturdy and durable
cons
very expensiverequire periodic sealingslippery and cold underfoot
the cost of travertine flooring
travertine flooring is a mid-range stone but still resides in the high-end range of flooring options. in total, the travertine flooring option costs approximately $15 per square foot, including labour, while granite only costs approximately $12 per square foot, and marble averages about $20 per square foot. the laminate flooring option can be done professionally at the cost of less than $5 per square foot. like other natural stones, travertine can vary in cost depending on the quality and the finish.
travertine finishes range from the natural finish, which is the least expensive to the most expensive, honed, sealed, and polished surface.
travertine floor maintenance
the exercise of maintaining travertine floors can be complicated and simple at the same time. like other natural flooring stones, they are porous and allow liquid and staining agents to penetrate. but this problem can be solved by sealing with a surface sealer. the treatment needs to be done during the installation and periodically applied throughout the life of the floor. and if you want to maintain the gloss of the floor, regular resealing is recommended. if the travertine floor is maintained, it becomes easy to clean, just soap and a dump cloth.
travertine is made to withstand the beating and shows no sign of damage after severe scratches or chips. although they may bow down to weathering over time, they show remarkable resilience, and weathering gives a travertine natural distinct character of ancient architecture.
as with honed and polished travertine surfaces, they are highly susceptible to scratches, while natural finishes are more resistant.
designs
travertine has been in existence since time immemorial, and floors made from it adds a sense of age and ancient architecture. it does draw attention inherently in a subdued way with shifting surface effects with each naturally formed stone leaving earth art, a one of a kind installation to the floor or wherever installed. travertine has soft palette colours that are subtler than marble and granite options. they are available in tans, beige, grey, and speckled off-white hues that promise not to overwhelm floors with dramatic colours.
installation
travertine tiles are installed in the same way we do to granite and ceramic tiles. a layer of cement underlay to the subfloor, lay the tiles with a thin-set adhesive, and finally, fill the joints with grout and allow them to dry before use.

 
what you should know before hiring a residential architect in sydney
october 9, 2020june 27, 2022
 

 

are you looking for residential architects in sydney? chances are that you might already have done a bit of research on your own. finding the right architect takes a whole lot of time and dedication. you need to find an architect who is on the same wavelength as you are. plus you also need to take several other things into account. these include things like transportation and the level of the client satisfaction.
before you hire an architect make sure to consider all of the following things:
finding residential architects in sydney
you need to keep an open minded attitude when searching for an architect. you need to be aware about the amount of flexibility which is required in such projects. while everyone wants to have their dream home constructed, the advice from your architect can be quite valuable. most architects would find a way to work around your vision. however if at any point you feel that your project might not work exactly the way you want it to they would let you know about it from the very beginning. instead of feeling bad about it you should pay heed to why you architect has suggested certain changes. they have to consider things like the building codes, the designs and the structural integrity of the building.  when they arrive at a decision it would only be based on these factors and great many other things as well.
consider the timeline
you should be aware that architects tend to be busy individuals and they might not be able to start on your project immediately. if you are in a hurry to move into the new home you may need to find an architect who would be able to accommodate you.

do talk about the budget
in order to prevent any surprises it is important to talk about the budget before hand only. make sure to discuss the budget with the architect and ask them whether they would be willing to work within those constraints. it is important that you are very clear from the beginning about how you would be paying for your project. it is important to keep realistic expectations based on your budget so that the project and be completed on time.
do consider the long term goal
despite the fact that you might be in a hurry for the project to be completed the right architect is going to take their time. they are always thinking about the long-term project. an architect would want to make sure that the project should last without the client having to put more money to it. they would provide you with the classic home which is not just based on the current trends but something which can last for a long time.
get to know who would be working on the project
when it comes to building a residential home, you should know that architect would require more than themselves to accomplish the goal. most architects work with the team of contractors. however it would not really impact the budget because you would have talked about it before hand only. having a number of people on the project would ensure that everything gets completed well within time.
keeping things in mind would help you find the right residential architects in sydney.

 
tips from electricians on saving electricity
august 19, 2020september 2, 2021
 

 

have you ever taken a look at your electricity bill and got shocked? did you wonder how things were out of control despite being so very careful? an electricity bill can be a frustrating mystery. huge amounts of it could actually ruin your finances.
the following are some tips from electrician to help you save electricity and control it in no time at all:
an ac that is placed directly under the sun can take 10% more units to operate than a unit which has been kept in the shade. since the unit would get warm sitting directly under the sunlight it would therefore take longer to cool. blocking the heat would also help lower the electricity bills.you do not need to keep your air conditioner switched on all day long. infant you can also switch on a fan which is far more cost effective than having the ac running 24/7. once you feel that your room has cooled down at a suitable temperature you may want to switch on the fan to have the cold air distributed evenly in the room.clean the clothes dryer on a regular basis. in order to make sure that the dryer is running at maximum capacity you need to get rid of the lint which is trapped after every load of laundry. this can help slash the laundry bills by almost 30%.instead of using big bulbs to light up the rooms you should consider the small compact fluorescent light bulb. these require almost 70% less energy when compared to the regular light bulbs. these save you a lot of cash on your monthly bill. an added benefit of these are that these produce a lot less heat than the usual bulbs therefore when it comes to cooling your home or your room, it is going to get cool much faster.instead of having to use a number of power plugs it is best that you invest in a power strip. it’s a modern innovation but one which could save you a whole lot of money with a single flip of a switch. you can plug up to five electronic gadgets into the single strip and reduce the amount of power used by other plugs in your home.most of the time our devices are in a standby mode. they use energy even when we are not using them for example a dvd player which has been plugged into the switch can be using electricity for months but you may not be aware about it. it is best to completely switch off the appliances when not in use so they do not even consume a small amount of power.make sure that you change the temperature range of the refrigerator to about 35 to 38 degree fahrenheit. also make sure that the seal of the door closes properly. get the refrigerator coils cleaned at least twice a year.last but not the least make sure that you hire the right electrician canberra. a professional would process the energy needs of your home and then advise you on the kind of appliances which you should be using to make sure that the monthly bills are not exorbitant.

 
how to maintain your cctv security cameras
august 11, 2020august 11, 2020
 

 

if you want to make sure that your video surveillance camera is working at its optimum best you would need to perform regular maintenance. ensuring that your camera is in proper working order is a great way of protecting your investment.
the following are some tips to ensure that your camera remains in mint condition:
clip the landscaping
you have to make sure that the security camera should have an unobstructed view. if the landscaping is out of control, as a result of which you are unable to keep her look at the surroundings. the key is to neatly prune and clip all the wines and trees in the surrounding areas so that you can ensure an optimal viewing and prevent the view from becoming obstructed. another benefit of trimming the landscape is that you would be able to get rid of the bird’s nest or wasp nets which may spring near your camera and create an obstruction in your view
clean the cctv security camera lens on a regular basis
the lens of the security cameras should be clear and shouldn’t have any specs of dirt and grime. if possible clean the lens to get rid of smudges and dust which may have settled on to it the dirty lens prevents you from getting a clear view despite the fact that your camera might have a high resolution. use a microfiber cloth to clean the lens and gently wipe it off.
look at the camera enclosure
the camera enclosure should be free from any sort of moisture. you may need to check the cameras for any sort of condensation of water droplets. make sure that the area is in closed properly so as to prevent the rainwater from getting onto the lens and obstructing the view.
always take a look at the connection
make sure that the camera is connected properly. if you see any corrosion around the connectors you may need to replace them immediately. if you do not change the corroded connectors it can have a negative impact on the surveillance system and cause a short circuit.
the cable should be connected properly to the video surveillance system
take a close look at the cables which are connected to the surveillance cameras or the dvr. it is important for the cables to be connected in a secure way so as to ensure that the equipment is receiving the power. be on the lookout for cables which look worn out or are splitting or cracking. if the wires of the cable are exposed they need to be replaced immediately. you need to ensure that the cable has a loop which you can create on your own by making a u shape with the cable to prevent the water from forming a pool and getting inside the cctv camera.
keeping all of these above mentioned things in mind would ensure that your cctv security cameras are in proper working condition. the importance of security camera maintenance should not be ignored.

 
why you should hire a removalist gold coast when moving house
june 3, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

the dread of moving to your new home in the gold coast begins to set in once the novelty of owning a new home has worn off. all you can think about is the amount of labour needed, from organising, packing, transiting, and unpacking them all in your new address.
you begin to see the burgeoning of your worldly goods once you start organising them according to height, weight, and bulk. however, like many people in the gold coast, the expense of hiring a removalist gold coast stops you from considering this option.
having a professional removalist to do all the hard work of moving from one location to another is the most sensible way of making it stress-free on your part. a huge amount of stress, time, and, yes, money are saved when you go let a professional removalist handle the house move.
the huge impact hiring the services of a removalist to your moving day includes:
saves you time and stress
one of the most stressful times of any person is moving house. your normal life gets disrupted when you have to need to fit the move to your work schedule at the same time. and this is not counting the dirty and tough work of organising, packing, transiting, and unpacking.
the intensity level of a house move can be drastically reduced with the help of a professional removalist. having a professional mover in your corner allows you breathing space to plan and organise your normal schedule and the belongings to be packed and moved.
the experience and training of good removalists will do all the hard work of moving, from efficiently packing all your items, transiting them, and unpacking them at the destination.
saves you the hard work
a lot of physical labour has to be exerted when moving house. there’s a huge amount of dusting off and the cleaning of two properties at the same time. leaving an old home spic and span is as important as moving to a spotlessly clean new home.
then there’s the packing, heavy lifting, and unpacking to do. the moving day can be made lighter by assigning all the hard work to the moving experts. good removalists are accustomed to all the hard physical labour entailed during house moves. it’s their job to make the house move a smooth and seamless experience for you at any time.
safe and secure packing
packing and moving are the training undergone by professional removalists. this means that there’s nothing they won’t be able to properly pack including all your fragile, oddly-shaped, or bulky items. their vast experience and skills enable them to pack and unpack your things quickly and safely.
they have the right house moving tools, materials, and equipment
pretty much anything in your house can be safely packed and transported by good removalists using the proper materials, tools, and equipment. bubble wrap, cardboard fillers, protective blankets and plastics, and styrofoam beans are some of the important materials good removalists have on hand to pack and brace your items during the move.
your moving house workload can be dramatically reduced with the help of a professional removalist. we are here to make your moving day stress and trouble-free. contact us at gold coast removalists to learn more.

 
things to consider regarding granny flats in perth
may 26, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

a granny flat is often referred to as an in-law living space to house a visiting guest, a live-in nanny, a relative, or an aging parent. homeowners in perth build granny flats perth either as a separate building from the main house, or a converted garage or in the basement.
granny flats, perth brings a lot of benefits which is not unsurprising. the added space can be used as storage for belongings or renting it out can bring extra income. however, a lot of things have to be considered before investing in a granny flat, to include:
your finances
your finances are the single and most important factor to consider when you’re planning to construct a granny flat in your property. you have to make sure whether your budget allows the construction and the exact purpose of building a granny flat. it has to be noted also that purchasing a property with a granny flat will also cost more than one that doesn’t have one.
check the city zoning or hoa regulations
the various city zoning or homeowners’ association should be carefully checked if you plan to have a granny flat constructed in your property. some hoa and city regulations may not allow any separate building to be constructed in the property. it won’t only cost more in money but also a waste of time when you have to tear it down.
hiring a home builder
hiring a home builder is the next step when the hoa or zoning regulations approve your plan of constructing a granny flat on your property. the smartest way is to get only a reputable home builder for a smoother building process. a licensed and experienced builder will not only build a granny flat based on your design but also help you with building permits and other paperwork.
added utility expenses
building a separate structure such as a granny flat also means added utility expenses. the additional utility costs range from heating and cooling, electricity, and water. you need to let go of building a granny flat if you’re not agreeable with the additional utility costs.
maintenance expenses
like the main home, maintenance is also a must for the granny flat. the additional household chores to maintain the granny flat in tip-top condition range from replacing light bulbs, vacuuming the floors, to clearing out the gutters. it’s best to forget about the granny flat project if you don’t have time to maintain it.
additional insurance coverage
some insurance companies are reluctant to cover a separate building on the property. considered as an accessory dwelling unit, granny flats may not be allowed coverage by some insurance companies. an uninsured building on your property can become a big risk especially when you plan to rent it out.
the only way to provide insurance coverage for the granny flat is to pay extra to have it insured as the main house.
granny flats have become increasingly popular in perth and elsewhere in the world. the benefits this separate structure provides make life easier and convenient for homeowners that want their in-laws, a live-in maid, or guests live in proximity to the main house. renting out a granny flat is a great roi project for any homeowner. 

 
how house builders determine the cost of the services they offer in gold coast
april 17, 2020september 2, 2021
 

 

building a house for the people that you love is one of the things that everyone wants.  this is because owning a house is quite different from living in a rental house. this is because your loved ones have the freedom and peace of mind when they are staying in a house that you own. they can do whatever they want without minding what their landlords and neighbours will say. when in your house, you can also save so much money since you will not be paying the rent. when you are living on the gold coast, you will also find that life in the rentals is quite different from the life you live in your own house.
many people will argue that life is cheap in rentals since you pay rent every month. building a house is quite expensive because you spend the money once. however, if you are prepared, it will be very cheap for you. there are so many things that the housebuilders will consider when they are charging you the cost of the services that they will offer you. for this reason, you should have as much money as you can so that you do not underestimate the costs of these services that you will get. the following article will help you minimise the factors that the housebuilders in the gold coast will look at before charging you money for the services they offer. they make consideration of the following factors:
level of experience
one of the essential factors that the housebuilders will overlook before charging you for the costs you will get is the level of experience that the housebuilders have.  the level of expertise of the different housebuilders matters as far as the cost of services is concerned. there are those housebuilders who are more experienced than the others. this depends on the number of years that the housebuilders have been working in this field. the more experienced the housebuilder is, the more the cost of the services you get.

the size of your project
 houses are built of different sizes. there are those people who will want to build big homes while there are those who will wish to have smaller houses. this is determined by the size of the family and also the amount of money that one can afford to build a home. the size of the house project will be determined by the size of the house that you are building. the bigger the project, the more the number of days that the builders have to take to complete the project. for this reason, more money is required for the services that you will need.
the location of the builders
the other thing that the builders will look at when they are charging you the services they will offer is their location. different locations have different rates for the services that they offer. if the house builder is located in a rural area, despite their level of experience, they will charge you less. however, a housebuilder living in any town on the gold coast, their services will cost more.
the design of the house you need
a house could either have a simple or complicated design. the type of design that you need will determine the amount of cash you are going to pay. when you need a house with a simple design, you will pay less than anyone requiring a house with a complicated design.
find the right house builders who will be able to balance costs and quality.

 
how to select the best tree lopper in the sutherland shire
march 24, 2020march 24, 2020
 

 

owning a farm gives you the chance of working
and owning so many tools and equipment for the different farming operations.
each type of farming that you engage in, there are various tools that you need
to buy. this is because these farming tools are designed in a way that they can
be used in different operations only. a tree farmer, for instance, requires
special tools that they use in the maintenance and management of their trees.
for this reason, in case you are thinking of engaging in tree farming in sutherland
shire, there are those special tools that you require to have so that you make
your daily operation better and simpler.
one of the essential tools that the tree farmer must own is a tree lopper.  what do tree loppers do? this is a special tool used in the pruning of twigs and branches of the trees on the farm. the fact that the tool is essential, it requires you to be very keen when you are selecting the best tree lopper for your farm. this means that there are several things that you need to consider when you are buying your tree lopper in the sutherland shire. some of these factors include :
the type of tree lopper you need
there are different types of tree loppers that
you can buy from the different shops you visit in the sutherland shire. you
have to make sure that you have decided on the kind of lopper that you will buy
depending on your needs. however, before making your decision, you must know
the different types of loppers you can get and how each type is used. some of
the types of tree loppers you can find include:
bypass loppers
this is a type of lopper whose blades are the
same to the blades of a pair of scissors. the blade is mostly used in cutting
the living plants, but can also be used in reducing the dead trees. the looper
has both a thinner, sharper blade and a blunt one.
anvil loppers
unlike the bypass, the anvil loppers have a
sharper blade and a flat anvil instead of the blunt blade. this is why the
anvil loppers are mostly used to cut back the dead trees.

the cutting mechanism of the lopper
apart from the loppers you need, you will also
require to find out the cutting mechanism of the loppers that you will be
comfortable with. the following are the different types of cutting mechanisms
you can choose from:
gearedratcheting.compound action style.
the type of blade the tree lopper has
when it comes to the blade of the tree lopper,
there are several considerations that you need to make. they include:
the material of the blade
the blade of the tree lopper can be made from
a variety of materials. you need to make sure that you have checked on the type
of material that has been used to make the blade. some of the materials used to
make the blade include: steel or titanium.
the blade coatings
 the
coatings of the tree lopper blade also matters. they are made of different
coatings which include sap repellents, afri-friction coatings and titanium.
the blade construction and blade settings are also essential features that you should consider.
the handles
it would be best if you also considered the
length of the handle and even its grip when you are buying a tree lopper to
avoid making the wrong decision.

 
improve your landscape with a pergola
march 14, 2020march 14, 2020
 

 

one of the best aesthetic improvements you can make in your
landscape is through the addition of a pergola. if you are a home owner you may
have often wondered how you can enhance the beauty and value of your home. the
experts at pergolas adelaide are of the opinion that a pergola not only
improves the beauty of the land scape but also increases the value of your
home. 
there are many benefits of pergolas. some of these include
the following:
pergola enhance the look your outdoor space. if you want to make sure that your place stands out from the crowd, do consider having a pergola built in your home. you can call in the professionals at pergola adelaide and they can show you some really classy looking pergola which would definitely appeal to you. while choosing a design make sure it’s in keeping with the existing look of your home. if you want to make you home look like the ones advertised in magazines, do consider investing in a pergola. pergolas can improve the monetary value of your home. it turns your outdoor area into a usable space which can double as an outdoor seating and entertainment area. homes which generally have a pergola installed fetch a higher price compared to homes which don’t. this is because potential clients view pergolas as a home improvement. 

it also allows you to make the most of your outdoor space. one of the major reasons why people prefer staying indoors is lack of shade. they do not have a private or a shaded area where they can sit and enjoy the good weather. a pergola provides a comfortable seating area. if you install a canopy on top of the pergola either in the form of a curtain or a roof, it can provide much needed shade. you can easily sit outside without the fear of sunburn and enjoy the good weather. you can add a few pieces of snazzy looking outdoor furniture to turn your pergola space into a small seating area or an outdoor room. it’s a known fact that sitting outdoors has a great many benefits. it not only helps relieve stress and anxiety but is easy on the eyes as well. instead of sitting indoors glued to the tv screen or the mobile, it’s best to enjoy the good weather outdoors. a pergola is incentive enough for people to venture and sit outside. pergola no only offer shade but can also be decorated with the help of fairy lights and lanterns to turn your outdoor space into an entertaining seating area. if you love having people over you may benefit from dressing your pergola. you have several options for doing so. you can grow a mall hanging garden string in a few fairy lights and thrown in some comfy cushions and you have the best little seating space for your family and loved ones. bring out the grill and cook food in the open air and enjoy yourself tote fullest. 
make sure you talk to a builder at pergolas adelaide today. 

 
using the building and pest inspection report to your advantage
january 31, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

any smart buyer knows that the more they know about the
building or the property, the better chance they have of negotiating the price.
a building and pest inspection report from an inspector in gold coast allows
buyers a great deal of leverage when it comes to deciding the buying price. 
sometimes a report might just have minor imperfections, it
can still be used to bring down the price of the property by a few thousand
dollars. this way you can also get back the few hundred dollars which you might
have spent on having the building inspection report carried out. consider it
more of a useful negotiation tool then an added expense. 
often enough buyers are relieved to have the inspection
carried out. this is usually because what they anticipate as a great buy might
turn out to be a major investment with added cost for them. the inspection can
be useful especially if the property you are going to buy is more than a decade
old. 
also these reports can actually be a blessing in disguise.
those buyers who have already planned on renovating the property once they buy
it, would find it useful. for example if damage is found in certain part of the
building, it could be knocked down and a new structure be erected in its place.

the above mentioned are a few ways in which the building and
pest inspection report could be used to the buyer’s advantage. however, it is
also important that you hire the right building and pest services in gold
coast. keep the following things in mind when hiring a building and pest
inspector:
most of the time sellers willingly show the building and pest inspection reports they have carried out on the property before making the sale. one might feel tempted to forego the complete process and save up on the cash which they would have to spend otherwise. however, it is advisable to get the report carried out on our own as well. this can save you a great deal of cash if there is any structural damage to the property which might not have been evident at the time of the previous report.an independent inspection is made on unbiased principles. you can hope to get the full disclosure. also add to is the complete peace of mind that you would have that you can be assured that the property is worth buying. spending a few hundred dollars can bring better peace of mind. when looking for a property inspector, make sure you conduct the necessary research. find people on the internet or through word of mouth. the building surveyor should have a license and should have all the necessary qualifications. also make sure that the building and pest inspections comply with the australian standards. once the report is issued it’s also a good idea to get back in touch with the inspector. they can explain the report to you in layman terms.


 
types of plumbing services offered in melbourne
january 1, 2020april 14, 2021
 

 

when
you hear of plumbing, most of the people will only think of the leaking pipes
in their houses. however, the field of plumbing is very large, and there are so
many plumbing services that are offered. it is very important to know the kind
of plumbing services that are offered in your area so that whenever you need
the services, you can know the people that can help you fix these issues.
every homeowner will need a plumber to offer plumbing services for one time or regularly depending on the problem they want to be fixed. hire the right plumbing services melbourne can offer. you will need to know that you cannot hire a plumber unless you know the kind of services they can offer you. the following article discusses the various types of plumbing services that are offered in melbourne.
cleaning the drains
most
of the people in melbourne think that their kitchen drains and bathroom drains
do not require to be cleaned because they do not pour debris, dirt or oil in
them. however, they need to be cleaned regularly to ensure that leaks are not
created and that the drains do not produce an awful smell. this is one of the
plumbing services that you need to get any time you need them to ensure that
your drains are clean at all times.

replacement and repair of pipes
the
other type of plumbing services that are offered in melbourne is the
replacement and repairing of pipes.   the
plumbers will always ensure that they check the points at which the pipes are
leaking so that they can repair them to prevent the leakage from continuing.
they also ensure that they replace the pipes in case they are completely
damaged beyond repair.  whenever you are
having a house or building inspection, you must hire plumbers as part of the
inspectors because they will detect any leakages from the pipes and they can
help you with the repair and replacement of the leaking pipes.
installation of new plumbing appliances and components
whenever
you need to install new plumbing appliances and components, the people who you
can turn to for help are the plumbers. this is because they also provide this
kind of services.  for this reason, you
should not be worried when you need to install a sink, faucets, water heaters,
septic tanks, bathrooms, bathtubs, underground drainage pipes, and toilets. the
plumbers will offer you these plumbing services since they are well equipped in
doing so. even if you have a home renovation project, the plumbers will also
help you with this kind of plumbing services.
plumbing pipes rerouting
at
times when you are moving from your building to another building that is not
new, you will need to ask the plumber to do some inspection to find out whether
there are cases of leakages. in case some leaks cannot be fixed, you will need
to contact the plumbers so that they can offer you rerouting plumbing services.
toilet, bathrooms, and sink repair
toilets,
bathrooms and sinks are also very delicate since they may have so many issues
that the other things in your house. for this reason, in case of any issues
with your toilet or sinks, you will need to call a plumber for repairs or
replacement of the toilets and sinks to ensure that there are no leaks in your
entire house.  

 
hervey bay real estate- tips for buying new property
december 29, 2019march 15, 2022
 

 

are you thinking about investing in hervey bay real estate by carter cooper? often it is easy for the first time buyer to become dazzled by what is apparent. they think that a great first impression is enough to go and buy a new house. however, there are things which you need to look beyond first appearances. 
make sure you keep the following things in mind before you
invest in hervey bay real estate. 
do the necessary
research on hervey bay real estate
when you are in search of a new home you should try to take a
look at three or four properties. then make sure you do the necessary research
for each of these properties. at the same time you need to ensure that your own
finances are in order. if possible hire a professional agent to handle the
dealings. you need someone to make a good sale on your previous property or
offer up something as a collateral when purchasing a new house. 
take a look at the
additional costs
when purchasing new property keep in mind that there are
additional costs attached to it as well. you would have to make a deposit when
you book a new property. it can be around 5% of the total price of the
property. the solicitors fee as well as an annual service charge which is
payable on an immediate basis. so make sure that your budgeting is in order. 
check out the
location
once you have set your heart on a particular house, make
sure you get to know all about the locality and its location. check out for the
amenities. take a look at the neighborhood. the best way you can get to know
more about the place is to visit at different times of the day. check for
transport links from your neighborhood to other areas. you don’t want to be
stranded in a place which is far from the metropolis. 
make sure you visit
the property at least twice before you make a purchase
while it’s common that on the day of the viewing everything
appears to be immaculate. it’s actually what’s not apparent on the outside
which is important. so make sure you visit the property at least twice. assess
the design and structure of the house. does it appeal to you? does it have
enough space to add up another floor or room? is the garden compact or big?
what is important for you? do you prefer open floor plans or you like the
traditional rooms separated by the walls. 
make sure compare and
contrast a few properties
don’t forget to compare and contrast the various properties
which you have viewed. check for things like kitchen storage, the finishing of
the floor and the furniture on offer. the condition of the house at the time of
the sale and so on. this would help you arrive at the right decision. 
buying hervey bay real estate homes is serious business,
make sure you talk to an estate agent today. 

 
benefits of double glazing in melbourne
december 1, 2019september 2, 2021
 

double
glazing means using windows that have two layers of glass. these windows are
known as double glazed windows. the glasses making the windows are either
separated by a vacuum or by inert gases. one of the main reasons why most
people, especially in melbourne, are fond of double glazing is because the
windows provide the best insulation for their homes. however, double glazing
looks expensive, but once you have installed the windows in your house, you
will discover that it is one of the best investments that you can ever have.
this is because there are so many benefits of double glazing. the following
article discusses the benefits of double glazing in melbourne:
1.
        it provides the best insulation.
as
mentioned earlier, one of the main reasons why people in melbourne like double
glazing is that it provides better insulation. this is because the double
glazed windows used acts as a barrier against heat, and hence they reduce the
amount of heat that is transferred from your house to the cold outside environment.
for this reason, our house retains the heat that it has been gaining from the
sun during the day, making the house warm when it is cold. during the hot
seasons, double glazing makes it possible for the house to stay cool since it
prevents the extreme heat from entering the house. this is why double glazing
provides insulation for your house.
2.
        it reduces the amount of noise.
the
other advantage of double glazing is that it reduces the amount of heat that is
coming from the outside of your house. for this reason, if you live in an urban
centre where there are so many noises from the large crowds of people, music
and also passing vehicles, the best way of ensuring that the noise does not
affect you is by double glazing. for this reason, you will have a chance of
living in a very peaceful environment that has no noise. consequently, as you
talk from the house, no one will be able to know whatever you are saying
because the people around you will only hear your voices. the double glazed
windows will also ensure that the noises or voices coming from your house are
retained in the house.
3.
        it enhances security.
when
you compare the ability to break the normal windows and the double glazed
window, you will find out that breaking the double glazed windows is quite
difficult. this is because the double glazed windows are more strong and hard
and hence very hard to break. for this reason, double glazing is a way of
enhancing the security of your house.
4.
        double glazing increases the value
of your property.
double glazing ensures that your house is not only insulated but also very secure and comfortable. for this reason, when you have invested in double glazing, the value of your property automatically increases. for this reason, in case you are planning to sell your house, you should consider double glazing since you will sell the house at a better price. contact maven double glazing melbourne for your windows.
5.
        it is one of the ways of reducing
energy costs.
most
of the people in melbourne use so much energy when it comes to heating their
houses during the cold seasons and cooling the temperatures when the season is
very cold. for this reason, they end up using so much energy leading to
increased energy costs. however, double glazing ensures that the house is at
the right condition every time without using any energy. as a result, this
leads to a reduction in energy costs.

 
gas fitters gold coast
november 29, 2019november 29, 2019
 

 

in recent years, an intense commercial
activity has been developed to promote the use of organic gas as a marine
propulsion fuel aware of the environmental advantages that this energy reports
to urban and maritime environments. the establishment of gas can take a period
of time that is not concrete, since it depends on many factors, such as the
characteristics of the property, the type of installation, but this aspect may
be reflected in the budget.
this type of work is quite delicate and
cannot be left in the hands of an inexperienced person who cannot offer
reliability and guarantee.
by using natural gas, the power can be
reduced and, therefore, the annual bill reduced. the commissioning of gas
involves bringing and adapting the natural gas network from the nearest
existing point of the network to the supply point where you want to have gas.
professional
gas installers
it can be used for a whole building or
just for a home. there are different systems in gas heating: autonomous
wall-mounted radiators, which have the advantage of heating the room at a time
and chimneys without ashes or embers.
professional gas installations are very
important and very useful because they are commonly used for the implementation
of the use of gas for cooking, feeding with a complete flow of natural gas that
will allow it to be used efficiently.
natural gas is considered according to
energy comparisons as the most economical supply for uses such as domestic hot
water and cooking. that is why users who have the option of using natural gas,
opt for it as the energy system for hot water.
any gas leak during installation can end
in a great misfortune, which is why it should be emphasized how important an
installation of this type is periodically reviewed by highly qualified technicians.
when there is a greater permanent loss, a
high concentration of natural gas can begin to be built. once the gas has been
replaced with oxygen, the effects will usually disappear. when installing the
cylinder, it must be done on a platform and fasten it to the wall so that it is
not loose.
natural
gas review
this review includes a general review of
the elements of the gas installation, maintenance of the gas appliances, to
minimise consumption, breakdowns, future failures, review of the heating installation,
verification of the correct consumption of its appliances and environmental
analysis of the entire installation.
storage: butane cylinders should be
stored in ventilated places and in an upright position. since natural gas is a
continuous supply energy, it never ends, so you should not be aware of its
replacement.
another method to locate air conditioning
leaks is to incorporate an ultraviolet dye into the gas line of the air
conditioning system that, in case of leaks, is released along with the
refrigerant gas.
it’s
important to remember:
•           a
gas leak with a flame or other source of ignition should not be sought.
•           no
electrical equipment should be plugged near a gas leak.
•           no
lights should be turned on or off, a telephone or a flashlight should be used,
with the risk of causing a spark that could cause a gas fire.
it should be noted that every five years, the gas distribution company in the area will carry out the mandatory periodic gas inspection.
gold coast plumbing services have gas fitters available. reach out to them for expert assistance.

 
house builders in brisbane
november 25, 2019march 16, 2022
 

 

homebuilders
are agencies or companies that specialise in home constructions for clients.
what is more, they do acquire properties and develop for sale to gather for
those homebuyers who want to move in as soon as possible and want to acquire
readymade homes. in their catalogues, you will find they advertise ready to
move in homes as well as seek commitments from clients to construct the homes.
isn’t that cool? the best part is that they have several top class designs for
your dream home. designs that cuts across the spectrum of home would-be-owners,
they have unmatched design templates to suit anyone. their construction
standards are commercial grade and meet or even surpass the minimum standards
and regulations by federal laws governing building and constructions. a home is
a home, and no one denies that, but a dream home is the one that will give you
and your family members and even your guest’s extraordinary comforts. today,
dream homes can be realised easily, with the right budget and with the right builders.
it safe to be paranoid but get things done the right way, building a home is a
permanent investment and you should choose the right design and the right
building materials, remember, designs are reinvented day in day out, so, it is
safe to look far into the future or else you risk your home design to be old
school design in the near future.
before
settling for home builders and home designs, it is recommended that you do
thorough research inline with what your dream home should be and the budget at
hand. if you are not confident in this, there is no going wrong! you should
nail it right! consult with building and home consultants, and you will be
guided the right way along with your dream home requirements. the cost of
building a home is a factor too important to be looked upon. some home dealers
over explode and exaggerate their prices, especially when they learn that you
are desperate for a home. so, before spending hefty monies on a property, think
twice and seek a helping hand from someone knowledgeable.
home
designs for you to choose from
if
you are not knowledgeable on matters of home properties, fret not, a home
builder is obligated to guide you through styles and designs in their
catalogues and within your budget, also in tandem with the size and shape of
your land. not to forget the design flavours of your dream home. even when you
are a green hone in matters to do with home property, i am sure you know that
materials used will determine the cost of building and constructions, another
factor will be the amenities to include in your home designs, like the number
of bedrooms, kitchen design, bathrooms, and the guest rooms. other factors
worth considering may include; the location and the proximity to the city
centre, the acreage of your land, the neighbourhood, public amenities like
sewer systems and more.
choosing
home builders or do it yourself
if you want professional-looking designs, you would rather go for professional builders, if you want every aspect of your dream home to be taken care of. if you want to save on building, go for home builders, they know everything and can acquire materials on discounted prices which will reduce the cost. don’t lie to yourself; doing it on your own will overrun your bank account. take it or leave it, but consult with a professional, as many will advise you for free.  newstart homes are house builders in brisbane. you can approach them with your inquiries regarding building your dream house.



			testimonials			
		

we’re proud of what we do, here’s why..












 / roger's food store
 greg walker


					finding a contractor that surely understands what you and your store needs is very rare today, adding the reasonable costing. i just needed a simple plan but they gave me quality results as expected.
			







owner / r's roofing
 ron williams


					just built a small partnership with pro logic! the most logical decision i have done so far. i own a small business and just started a few years back. i have to say, it’s very hard to find a joint venture for some bigger projects i have to deal with myself. but with pro logic, backing me up, everything goes smoothly as planned.
			






			why choose us?			
		



when you choose a contracting company, you also choose the people behind it. we have not only been known for the quality of work and services we provide but for the reliability, honesty and strong commitment to give total satisfaction to our clients. to summarize the reasons you might consider in choosing us:

we put our hard-earned reputation on the line
we have a decade of experience in the business
when you work with us, you work directly with our principals
we never start a project until we fully understand what you need
we only select subcontractors that we trust and are proven to work best with us
we are expanding –
we will not surprise you with costly additions
we offer innovative solutions to your needs
lastly, your satisfaction means everything to us

but wait there’s more, we provide effective fast and effective services at reasonable rates.
so contact us today or invite us directly to quote for your projects.
















contact us  let's discuss how we may help you.

3681 werninger street, houston, texas 77032, usa
			

inquiry@prologic-inc.com


+1 832 731 0608





















newsletter




leave this field empty if you're human: 


latest news





 


the best buying guide for outdoor blinds on the gold coast
august 19, 2024




unveiling the secrets of air conditioning service in canberra: is your cooling system ready for the challenge?
october 3, 2023















copyright 2018.  pro logic remodeling, inc. read our privacy policy.
                             


 back to top                        










search for:



 



 















