


	ambient technologies | tampa bay, st petersburg
















 



  


x

homeabout usservicesdrilling services – environmental & geotechnicalgeophysical services & investigationssubsurface utility locating, designating and mappinglocating rebar and cables in concretein-situ testingsolar powered systems for engineering, remediation and constructionportfolionewscareerscontact











go




|

login

















  (727) 328-0268 |   info@ambienttech.com






|

login



















home


about us


services



drilling services – environmental & geotechnical


geophysical services & investigations


subsurface utility locating, designating and mapping


locating rebar and cables in concrete


in-situ testing


solar powered systems for engineering, remediation and construction





portfolio


news


careers


contact
















go
















             ati     companies       environmental and geotechnical drilling and sampling  concrete coring  geophysical services  environmental geophysics and marine geophysics  non-destructive testing and pile testing  location of rebar and post tension cable for structural evaluation  dewatering  utility location, designation and mapping  vacuum excavation  insitu testing including cone penetration testing  solar energy systems for construction sites & mobile trailers      free consultation      













ambient technologies, inc.
serving florida, gulf coast, central america, and caribbean regions.

ati is certified by the u.s. small business administration
sbd | mbe | dbe | sbe/mbe | swfmd & swfwdmd



















drilling services 
ati provides support services to other consultants and contractors who need a reputable drilling form as part of their team. 





geophysical services & investigations
ati has been providing geological & environmental geophysical services throughout the usa & caribbean basin for over 12 years. 





subsurface utility locating
ati offers subsurface utility locating services including designation studies, clearing of sampling locations and much more.







locating rebar and cables 
ati provides rebar and cable locating services for the civil engineering and construction sectors, including concrete evaluations. 





in-situ testing
ati geologica specializes in in-situ testing for geotechnical and environmental investigations using advanced geo-environmental methods of exploration including cone penetration testing (cpt).





solar powered systems
we provide design, engineering, and installation of solar powered systems for engineering, remediation and construction.






























ambient technologies, inc.
ambient technologies, inc. is the holding company of all subsidiaries: ati companies, geoview, ambient engineering & surveying & ati energia llc.





ati companies, llc.
ati companies, llc, provides drilling support services to engineers, environmental consultants, geologists, and contractors.





geoview, inc.
geoview, inc. provides non-intrusive geophysical services, utility locate, & non-destructive testing for engineering, geological, environmental & construction.
>visit website





ati energia llc.
ati energia llc designs and installs solar-electric systems for back-up power, including for battery back-up for homes and more.
>visit website





ati panamericana s.a
ati panamericana s.a. provides all geoservices from our international office location located in panama (central america).





ati geologica, llc.
ati geologica specializes in in-situ testing for geotechnical and environmental investigations using advanced geo-environmental methods of exploration including cone penetration testing (cpt).



































































why choose ati companies?
 
our company success is based on our team’s years of experience, our responsible and dependable performance, our state-of-the-art equipment and our corporate culture personal growth and integrity. our depth of experience and knowledge in equipment capabilities and up-to-date technologies allow us to assist our client in selecting a strategy and scope of work to meet the client’s project objectives.



award-winning team of experts
our staff includes professional geologists, geophysicists, and land surveyors, supported by our skilled drillers and technicians. 



multidisciplinary approach
ambient technologies, inc., is a multi-disciplinary group of wholly owned subsidiaries that works with international affiliates. 


read more










































































































some of our clients







































































































































































































































































































































what our clients are saying about us

national and international consultants and engineering firms have contracted us to deliver the support services they need on their projects in the usa, central america, south america, and the caribbean region.




bill dempsey, project manager


cb&i environment & infrastructure
first off, a big thank you for getting the old well permitted as quickly as you did- that was pretty impressive, and i appreciate your help!  we lost that well a few years back (personnel changes) and assumed it had been destroyed.  so much for assumptions…theotis and charles are top notch guys—i couldn’t have asked for a better crew and the guys did an excellent job. thanks!

1 

nana westmark, pg, chmm
intertek psi
hi albert – hope you are doing well these days.  your crew is with us out at a theochem, tampa site with the fdep and they are doing a good job. we would like to have your firm as a team member on the sarasota county school environmental contract that we are submitting on.

2 


david stalowy, president

cfe, corp.
the company is ambient engineering & surveying.  they also do trenchless utility locates. contact mario and he can put you onto the crew. we found this company to be 5 stars.

3 













request a free consultation for your project today >


























































contact
ati is certified by the u.s. small business administration as a small disadvantaged business (sbd); by the state of florida as a minority-owned business enterprise (mbe); by the florida department of transportation as a disadvantaged business enterprise (dbe), by the county and city schools districts as a minority-owned business enterprise (sbe/mbe); and, by the florida water management districts (swfmd and swfwdmd) as a small business enterprise (sbe).









address
5709 first avenue south


st petersburg, fl 33707


contact:
phone: (727) 328-0268
fax: (727) 328-2477


email:
info@ambienttech.com

 

social media:
 














































copyright 2025 by ati companies
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use
|
	  powered by quicksocial




















