




home page - adr




















































skip to content
toggle site nav



directory

back



dr directory




terminated drs




corporate actions




books closed




dr dividends & distributions




drs by country




drs by industry




distributions/dsf




comprehensive drs






market analysis

back



market overview




performance analytics




daily dr market summary






indices


resources

back



dr basics




dr tools




individual investors




global depositary notes






news & publications

back



overview




dr calendar




special notices




dr publications






fees & disclosures

back



depositary service fee info




depositary receipts foreign exchange pricing disclosure




public programs (drs traded on nyse, nasdaq or otc)




notice regarding "priips"




tax reclamation









toggle search


close








dr results











all results













print
watchlist

watch list






dr name
last price
today's change






















leaving bny website
 
you are leaving the bny depositary receipts' website.
 linked sites are not under the control of the bank of new york mellon corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (together, the "company") and the company is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. if you choose to link to a website not controlled by the company, you do so entirely at your own risk and the company makes no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such site, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability thereof for any particular purpose, nor does the company warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. the company does not guarantee the authenticity of documents on the internet. links to other sites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding the content at such sites. the company reserves the right to terminate any link at any time.
do you wish to continue to the linked site on these terms?

stay on page
leave page


© 2024 the bank of new york mellon corporation
depositary receipt business and services are conducted through the bank of new york mellon.

















bny - dr legal disclaimer
  
to learn more about drs, please contact drbrokersolutions@bnymellon.com.
 
the information and data provided herein are provided for general informational purposes only.  bny does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any such information or data.  bny does not undertake any obligation to update or amend any information or data, and may change, update or amend any information or data at any time without prior notice.
 
bny provides no advice, recommendation or endorsement with respect to any company or securities.  no information or data is intended to provide legal, tax, accounting, investment, financial, trading or other advice on any matter, and is not to be used as such.  we expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon any information or data, including market value loss on the sale or purchase of securities or other instruments or obligations.
 
nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities.
 
bny collects fees from dr holders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the drs and any deposit agreement under which they are issued.  from time to time, bny may make payments to an issuer to reimburse and/or share revenue from the fees collected from dr holders, or waive fees and expenses to an issuer for services provided, generally related to costs and expenses arising out of establishment and maintenance of the dr program.  bny may pay a rebate to brokers in connection with unsponsored dr issuances; brokers may or may not disclose or pass back some or all of such rebate to the dr investor.  bny may also use brokers, dealers or other service providers that are affiliates and that may earn or share fees and commissions.
 
bny may execute dr foreign currency transactions itself or through its affiliates, or the custodian or the underlying company may execute foreign currency transactions and pay us dollars to bny.  in those instances where it executes dr foreign currency transactions itself or through its affiliates, bny acts as principal counterparty and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary.  in such cases, bny  has no obligation to obtain the most favorable exchange rate, makes no representation that the rate is a favorable rate and will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses associated with the rate. bny earns and retains revenue on its executed foreign currency transactions based on, among other things, the difference between the rate it assigns to the transaction and the rate that it pays and receives for purchases and sales of currencies when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account.  the methodology used by bny to determine dr conversion rates is available to registered owners upon request or can be accessed here.  in those instances where bny's custodian executes dr foreign currency transactions, the custodian has no obligation to obtain the most favorable exchange rate or that the method by which the rate will be determined will be the most favorable rate, and bny makes no representation that the rate is a favorable rate and will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses associated with the rate.  in certain instances, bny may receive dividends and other distributions from an issuer of securities underlying drs in u.s. dollars rather than in a foreign currency.  in such cases, bny will not engage in or be responsible for any foreign currency transactions and it makes no representation that the rate obtained by an issuer is a favorable rate and it will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses associated with the rate.
 
bny is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle.  bny is the corporate brand of the bank of new york mellon corporation (nyse: bk).
 
bny's name, brand and/or trademarks may not be used, copied or reproduced without the prior express written consent of bny.
 
depositary receipts are not insured by the fdic or any other government agency, are not deposits or other obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, bny and are subject to investment risks including possible loss of principal amount invested.
 
please also see "terms of use."






                        accept
                    


please enable cookies in your browser if you wish to proceed.





























































top drs







today's top performers |
today's most active
top performers ytd |






dr name
last price
change(% change)








dr name
last price
volume








dr name
last price
% ytd change


























new drs

more






issuer
country
industry
effective date






















index performance










powered by factset research systems inc.






























 


why choose bny
dr contacts worldwide
dr basics & benefits
dr custodian network




quick links


certification forms
dr newsroom
how to buy drs
shareowner services & account access 




 


dr watchlist
bkdr on bloomberg


































bny.com


terms of use


privacy


cookie notice


manage cookies




© 2024 the bank of new york mellon corporation. depositary receipt business and services are conducted through the bank of new york mellon.



















