


			mike st. clair's home page
		










				mike st. clair's home page
			









							home page
						




genealogy




st.clairweb sites




my other websites




personal resume











						
						welcome! i'm pleased that you could drop by.
						

						
						i'll admit right up front that most of the information here is probably
						useless to you, but some of it may be interesting. if you are a genealogist,
						there are links to potentially valuable areas on the web that i have created
						or that i maintain.
						

						
						although it might be hard to believe for such a young, vibrant looking
						chap, i'm the 
						father of seven, 
						grandfather of twenty one, and great-grandfather of one!.
						since i was also raised with
						eight brothers and sisters, along with oodles of cousins, family is pretty
						important to me. i grew up in idaho where i learned to appreciate natural
						beauty and the ability to get away from crowds. after high school i spent
						two years as a missionary in appalachia, where "kinship" and
						the beauties of the "hills and hollers" are very important. i
						didn't learn until later that many of my own ancestors lived in virginia,
						kentucky and tennessee.  my five years in southern california were hard for
						a country boy, but while there i was introduced to the best thing in my
						life - a lovely california girl who is now my wife. after my schooling
						at long beach city college, cal state long beach, and brigham young university,
						i lived for sixteen years in the washington dc area.
						

						
						the historical and genealogical resources available in washington are wonderful
						but i learned the hard way that commuting four hours a day was incompatible
						with my happiness. now i'm a resident of the great state of utah where
						i work from home most days and seldom have to drive to salt lake more than a couple of times a month. it sure doesn't
						make me long for those hours of stop and go on shirley highway and i-270.
						when i'm not at work or glued to my computer at home, i enjoy getting out
						of doors into the mountains, the canyons, and the deserts where i hike, fish,
						back-pack, camp, observe nature, and see the sights. my family are my favorite
						companions in all these activities.  and most of us also enjoy participating in, or cheering each other on, in sports
						like basketball, softball, football, soccer, volleyball, horseshoes - you name it; we like it.  and just don't bother
						trying to get through to me (or most of my kids and grandkids) during college basketball's championship tournament.  we have
						a big family trophy on the line on this one and it's spent time in many of our homes during the past 15 years.
						
						
						my wife anna is my best friend and my sweetheart. in march 2016 we
						celebrated spending fifty wonderful years together. we've proved
						that a boy from
						"sticks" and a girl from the big city (long beach, california)
						can not only get along together, but thrive. anna is an exceptionally talented
						pianist who fills my life with good music.
						

						anna shares my love for genealogy and we enjoy doing research together
						whether at home, in the library or in the field. a very exciting event
						in our lives occurred in mid-march 1997. anna received her acceptance into
						byu's family history degree program which she started in the fall of 1997.
						almost 30 years before she was nearing a degree in business education at byu
						when i rudely graduated and accepted a job out in washington, d.c. we are
						both very excited that she was able to resume her studies and earn a
						bachelor's degree. we were even more excited when her first semester's 
						grade point average came back as 4.0!!  she continued an unbelievable
						grade record and finished her course work with one b+,
						one a-, and every thing else as a.  i am both very proud of her effort
						and achievement, and very thankful that we all survived it alive!
						her graduation took place in august 1999.
a computer and communications professional by trade, i'm now retired and enjoying a more laid back life.

						i spent a good part
						of my working career helping implement computers and networks at the 
						u. s. house of representatives
						in washington, d.c. while there i helped implement the first terminal-based
						computer systems in support of the house; also
						one of the earliest large-scale local area networks in the country, connecting
						thousands of terminals and hundreds of computers on capitol hill. i enjoyed
						and learned a great deal from the technical challenges involved. it was
						also very interesting (although sometimes disheartening!) to learn more
						about our country's political process from the washington perspective.  but i survived
						that experience, and returned from it having seen far more positive than negative about the institutions
						there.  and i met and worked for two individuals at polar opposites on the spectrum of politicians i'm sure.
						at the top end was congressman augustus hawkins of california, and at the bottom was congressman wayne hayes of ohio, both of whom
						supervised the computer organization during part of my time in washington.  there is no doubt that mr. hawkins was the best 
						loved and mr. hayes the most hated.  guess who was responsible for the most progress?  it sure wasn't the 
						congressman from ohio!
						

						for seven years, i was manager of network administration for 
						geneva steel in utah valley where i was responsible for building a plant-wide
						fiber optic backbone and planning for implementation of atm. geneva was
						the only integrated manufacturer (from raw materials) of steel in the western
						united states and they had a well-earned
						reputation as one of the cleanest steel mills in the world.  alas, in recent years
						they were seriously impacted by the general problems in the u.s. steel industry
						and they are now gone for good.
						

						for another seven years i provided similar support for 
						dynix in provo, utah.  over time they were also known as ameritech library services
						and epixtech.  they have now merged with another company named sirsi. there
						i was a working, hands-on manager of a group managing internal company
						networks and computers that supported internal company systems. since
						we were heavily involved with the internet and with libraries all around the
						world, i was really excited to be there. i love libraries  and use them a lot.
						
						
						during my college years, while my buddies were falling in love with
						co-eds, i fell in love with computers and took every computer-related class
						i could find. (aha! i saw that word "nerd" flash through your
						mind! i'll have you know that back during the pre-cyber days they called
						us "brains" and it was usually a positive statement, not a put-down.)
						during my senior year studying accounting, brigham young university began
						offering a computer science degree. by sticking around a little longer,
						i met the requirements for both degrees and i became a member of the first
						class of computer scientists to graduate from byu. i really enjoy working
						(and playing) with computers. sometimes it seems almost a sin to get paid
						for doing something that's so much fun. whoops! i hope my boss doesn't read
						this far.

						
						in order to harness and meld my enthusiasm for family, computers, and genealogy
						i've become a writer and electronic publisher for genealogists. my work has appeared
						in publications like the ngs/cig digest, genealogical
						computing, pioneers, and the journal of online genealogy. my other
						"publications"
						circulate on computer bulletin board systems, commercial electronic networks,
						and the internet. in some cases i'm the author; in others i've cooperated
						with the author to create an electronic version of a publication i feel
						has value to the online community of genealogists; in yet other cases i've
						just helped get something online that was totally created by someone else.
						elsewhere in these pages you will find links to my other web pages.
						
						
						during may 1998, while enjoying a great national genealogical society
						conference in denver, i received the surprise of my life.  i had been told
						that i should be in attendance at the friday night banquet as i would be
						receiving an award.  when anna and i arrived, we were surprised to be 
						escorted to the front to sit at a table with president shirley wilcox, executive
						director fran shane, and several ngs directors.  at the end of the awards
						ceremony, it was announced that i had been elected a fellow of the society,
						rarified company indeed.  it was a great honor, which i do not feel
						worthy of, but that i will treasure always.  the esteem of such a classy
						organization, and such great individuals, means a lot to me.  i'm
						grateful for the opportunity i've had to be a part of ngs and through it to
						provide service to the world-wide community of genealogists.
									
						
						having been a long time publisher on the internet, i've been through the web hosting wars and have
						tried many different hosting providers.  unfortunately, in the process i have had some very unpleasant
						experiences as providers have failed, servers have gone belly up, and support organizations have treated
						their clients badly.  i think i have finally found a provider that is inexpensive while watching out
						for their customers needs.  they provide phone support, not just trouble ticket based support, and to
						my delight i found them to be located within a few miles of my home.  if good support and excellent performance, and low prices for a massive unlimited gb of disk storage and including a free domain name sounds unbelievable, you should take a look at "bluehost"
						which i now use exclusively.
					



							this is part of the personal home page of mike st. clair.
							it is located on the web at
							
							http://www.saintclair.org/index.html
							
							and was last updated on 30 january 2019.









