



rad elec inc.


















 
 








rad elec inc.
developers of the e-perm® system for radon measurement

rad elec develops, manufactures, and markets the only commercially available system that utilizes electret ion chamber (eic) technology, and is sold under the brand name e-perm®.
we offer devices that measure radon, thoron, and radon decay products -- in addition to instruments that measure a wide range of ionizing radiation (including alpha, beta, gamma, and neutrons). these detectors all utilize the same core instrumentation in order to create a unified methodology.

learn more






the e-perm® system





cost-effective
using electret ion chamber methodology is both extremely accurate and highly cost-effective. on average, you will spend less than $2 per radon test.





versatile & accurate
the e-perm® system is the most versatile radon measurement system in the market, able to conduct both short-term and long-term tests in a wide range of environmental conditions. electret ion chambers are true integrating devices, meaning that they do not bias their results toward the end of a measurement period.





tons of research
rad elec has been in business for over 25 years, and during this time has seen nearly a hundred academic and research articles published about our electret ion chamber technology. the e-perm® system is tried and true, and continues to stand the test of time.





freedom
with the e-perm® system, you finally have the freedom to analyze your own results. you never have to mail your detectors to an external laboratory in order to get them analyzed, which means that you can deliver reports to your clients on the same day that you retrieve the test.







quick links




online store
with rad elec's online store you can shop for your e-perm® products at any time.

shop now!




quick calculator
analyze your radon test results in a flash with our online quick calculator.

analyze




research & publications
explore our library of articles and publications involving electret ion chambers.

browse




frequently asked questions
find answers to your most common questions right here.

faq




manufacturer certified users
the manufacturer certified e-perm® user certificate is issued only to individuals that have passed rad elec's equipment training course and adhere to the manufacturer's specifications of annual equipment maintenance and spiking.

see list




youtube channel
check out our latest videos and tutorials on rad elec's youtube channel!

watch














subscribe





menu


home
online store

services

reader calibration
recon calibration
scout calibration
spiking service



analytical tools

online report creator
quick calculator
spreadsheets
radon report manager


quick calculator
videos

customer forms

new customer
reader calibration
recon calibration
scout calibration
nrsb renewal (blind spiking)
spiking service
credit check authorization
certified user application
electret replacement



documentation

manuals
publications



radon

residential testing
monitoring
radon in water


radon decay products
nuclear / non-radon

faqs

e-perms®
spiking
reader



useful links

aarst
bowser-morner
certi
nrsb


proficient users
company
privacy policy









rad elec's online store is now open for business! shop for your e-perm® products at your convenience, at any time.



analyze your radon test results in a flash with our online quick calculator.



check out our channel with the latest videos and tutorials.








contact us!

our office hours are 9:00am to 5:00pm, monday through friday. if you have any questions, please give us a call or swing by our office!

info@radelec.com
(800) 526-5482 [toll-free]
(301) 694-0011 [local]
5716-a industry lane
										frederick, maryland 21704
										united states of america




© rad elec inc. all rights reserved.









subscribed!
x

thanks for subscribing to rad elec's newsletter! you'll stay up-to-date on our latest developments and discounts.










