





fonar




























toggle navigation




home 
about fonar 

our history

awards

our innovations timeline

corporate governance

iso 13485 registration


products/services

the upright mri

the fonar 360 and open-sky mri

works-in-progress

csf videographics and csf videography

customer service


swiftmr 
news 
investor 
            relations

investor faq's

investor factsheet

press releases

fonar financials filed with the sec

subscribe for press releases

email investor relations

contact 
            us

contact information

employment




























 





 
 

 
 
 
 







symptom–specific positional mri scanning
only the fonar upright® multi-position™ mri can scan patients in the positions in which they experience problems – sitting, 
      standing, bending, leaning, as well as lying down. 
all other mris can only scan patients lying down. the upright® mri 
      enables the patient to place himself in the position that generates the 
      pain so that images can be acquired in that very position. correctly identifying 
      the pain–generating pathology can markedly improve patient surgical 
      outcomes. in addition, it enables the surgeon to see all the pathology he 
      has to address, not just the single-position, non-weight-bearing image provided 
      by the conventional mri. this enables the surgeon to see the full extent 
      to which the disk herniation increases when the patient flexes or extends, 
      or the extent to which the patient's vertebra is sliding back and forth 
      with body position. more »




fonar heritage
chiari 
      & syringomyelia foundation medal of honar.
 chiari & syringomyelia foundation director dr. fraser c. henderson m.d. announced "dr. 
      damadian revolutionized medicine with the discovery and development of magnetic resonance imaging (mri)"


 
"nobel 
      prize versus the truth of history "more 
      »


      national inventors hall of fame
      raymond damadian's "apparatus and method for detecting cancer in tissue". 
      us patent 3789832 filed 17 march 1972, issued 5 february 1974.more 
      »




      invention of the mri: timeline with documents

 
inventor of the year 2007 for the upright® mri 
 
        visit the fonar.com legacy website


for customers
the fonar upright® multi-position™ mri is not just for claustrophobic patients.
unfortunately, the overwhelmingly positive responses from patients to the extraordinary patient-friendly environment of the scanner, especially 
			claustrophobic and very large patients, can overshadow the scanner´s most important feature – multi-position mri imaging.

the upright® mri is the only mri scanner than can scan patients in any position, including sitting, standing, bending (for flexion and extension) 
      or lying down. 
this unmatched feature is made possible by the scanner´s unique magnet configuration. with the opposing magnetic poles oriented vertically, 
      the generous space between them accommodates a special motorized patient bed that can rotate the patient from recumbent to upright. more 
      » 
for patients
please visit hmca.com, health management company of america, for patient information and upright 
      mri locations.

jim mcmahon had nearly given up hope, resigned to a lifetime of pain and frightening memory loss. he even considered giving up completely and 
      taking his own life.
then a long island doctor helped him find a miracle ... 
  


research
fonar is currently conducting research studies in a number of areas including cerebrospinal fluid flow (csf) studies, correlated slice protocol 
      (csp) and scoliosis screening to name a few.more »

upright csf videography 
      and quantitave upright csf videographics

the discovery of the abnormal csf hydrodynamics of multiple sclerosis patients by the fonar 
      upright® multi-position mri
      (physiol. chem. phys. & med. nmr (20 september 2011) 41: 1-17) 

nobel 
      prize for mri imaging denied to raymond v. damadian a decade ago 

chem. educator 2014, 19, 73-90
      george kauffman
      department of chemistry, 
      california state university fresno, fresno, ca 

mri videos of the obstructions of csf flow visualized by the fonar upright® mr imaging of ms patients

 more research » 


 









fonar corporation
110 marcus drive
      	melville, new york 11747
phone: 1-631-694-2929
		fax:     1-631-753-5150
        email: info@fonar.com







home 







about fonar
our history
our innovation 
              timeline
corporate governance
iso 13485 registration







products / services
upright mri
fonar 360 & open sky mri
works in progress
customer service







swiftmr 







news 







investor relations
investor faq's
investor fact sheet
press releases
fonar financials filed with the sec
email investor relations







employment 







contact us









terms of use
	copyright fonar corp. 
	





