





paint sprayer reviews - check the best paint sprayers

























soulflytribe
painting blog



menu


home
about the blog
 





menu

















pros and cons of paint sprayers – what kind should you choose? 




posted on december 15, 2018may 12, 2021 by harvey 





pros and cons of paint sprayers
when it comes to painting a house, there are several ways you can do it. if your project is small, brushes are good. another option is paint rollers, but you may find it a bit difficult to paint evenly using a paint roller. a paint sprayer seems to be a better option than a brush or a paint roller. but this device also has some drawbacks. in this post, we spoke with a leading paint sprayer expert from paint sprayer guy, who will lay out some of the pros and cons you should keep in mind if you are still deciding what to use.

pros

suitable for painting large spaces. with brushes or paint rollers, you can not cover wide swaths very easily. but a paint sprayer can make such a task really easy for you.

 

while it is not very easy to override gaps, bumps, cracks and other imperfections with brushes or paint rollers, a paint roller allows you to handle such rough textures.

 

you should choose a paint sprayer if achieving an even coat is important for you. although a paint sprayer does not ensure that there will not be any overlapping, the result will be satisfactory almost all the time.

 

paint sprayers are specially designed for exteriors. they are not a good fit for interior painting, because they produce mist and have potential for overspray. if you work with a paint sprayer, you will find it easier to override imperfections.

cons

when you work with brushes or rollers, you get enough time to decide what to paint and what to skip. but that is not the case when you are working with a paint sprayer. you must cover everything you do not want to paint.

 

it takes some time and effort to clean paint sprayers. if you work with rollers or brushes, you can clean them later; but you must clean paint sprayers immediately. if you decide to clean your paint sprayer later, it will get clogged up.

 

a cheap paint sprayer will eventually disappoint you. after using it a few times, you will find it worthless. unlike paint sprayers, other cheap tools are not so bad. for example, cheap cordless drills and miter saws will not disappoint you. so, beware of cheap paint sprayers.

the prices of paint sprayers vary widely. professional painters usually use expensive sprayers while diyers use a cheaper type called “cup gun”. these paint sprayers require electricity, and they have a cup that holds one quart of paint.
cup guns have a couple of advantages. first, no separate air compressor is needed to operate these paint sprayers. and second, they are really cheap.
but the downside of cup guns is that the small amount of paint in the cup gets depleted within a short time.  you may find the process a bit tedious because you will need to infuse paint frequently. if you need to work on a large project, it is a good idea to rent or buy a high-end paint sprayer.




welcome to the paint sprayers blog! 




posted on november 9, 2018 by harvey 





hello and welcome to soul fly tribe – the paint sprayers blog! we’re putting together helpful tips and tricks for those of you who want to use paint sprayers for professional or diy projects, but aren’t quite sure where to get started. we will get lists of some of the best models on the market, review different brands, and give helpful hints on what types of sprayers should be used with what types of projects.
harvey (the author), has extensive experience working in the construction, decoration and remodeling industries. he has training as a painter, and loves helping people complete their painting projects.








search for:



  recent posts 

pros and cons of paint sprayers – what kind should you choose?


welcome to the paint sprayers blog!










			©2025 soulflytribe			

			 | wordpress theme by  superbthemes














