











home - official website of the eastern missouri police academy





















































                                (636) 614-4072

                            (636) 329-4720

                             mon - fri: 9:00am - 5:00pm                             













                        eastern missouripolice academy













                            
                            home

                            
                            about usacademy staffacademy historystatement of non-discrimination
                            
                            latest news
                            
                            policebasic police trainingcontinuing education informationcontinuing education trainingbecome an agency member
                            
                            securitysecurity training information/licensingsecurity training classes


                            
                            contact us


                    
                        636-614-4072





welcome to the eastern missouri police academycontact us police training security trainingcome experience our facility in lake st. louis! basic police training continuing police training security training police training classes basic and continuing education classes now avalibale!basic training information continuing educationsecurity classes now formingwe have a wide range of security classes. security license requirements upcoming security trainingpreviousnext






                    do you have what it takes? contact us today.














welcome to the eastern missouri police academy website! we are excited to provide you with this new and improved resource to learn more about our basic training program along with our continuing education training. additionally, we provide the service of basic and continuing education training for the security sector.
can you rise to our standards? at the eastern missouri police academy, we are able to provide you with the opportunities to become a part of a vigorous police force where you can earn the chance for special assignment in the future by preparing yourself to meet the exciting challenges of a professional law enforcement career.
our mission 

"to develop police officer recruits morally, mentally, and physically. to instill within them the highest ideals of integrity, justice, courage, and commitment in order to produce graduates who are dedicated to a career of police service and who have the potential for future development in mind and character to assume the highest responsibilities of citizenship, public service, and community protection."









we offer a police basic training academy, continuing post credit classes, and security training. contact us today for more details. 









basic police training program

empa offers several full-time and part time basic police training classess every year. for more information click the link below. 
>read more





continuing police education courses

empa hosts dozens of continuing education training classes for officers every year. for more information on upcoming classes click the link below. 
>read more





security courses

thinking of career in secuirty services? empa has you covered. we offer training certifications and was as continuing secuirty training courses. for more information click the link below. 
>read more






            want to attend the police academy and earn college credit at the same time? 

            earn up to 27 college credits at lindenwood university for attending empa. contact us for more details. 































follow us on social media

there are seveal ways to stay in touch with empa










                            facebook










                            instagram










                            twitter










                            linkedin
                        























                    we have many ways to stay connected to empa. 






























                    contact info
                




11 meadows circle drive 422
lake st. louis, mo 63367





 (636) 614-4072






(636) 329-4720





                    admin office hours
                 monday - 9am to 5pmtuesday -  9am to 5pmwednesday -  9am to 5pmthursday -  9am to 5pmfriday - 9am to 5pmsaturday - closed sunday -  closed 


site links

home pagepolice security latest newscontact uslogin
follow us of facebook







          
            copyright - eastern missouri police academy - all rights reserved. v5.2 - site created by    kristo designs llc



















