


the amboy times




















    
	the amboy times
	
  
digital handbill





friday, december 10, 2010



	 
	 cair:  what now, congress?
	 
    


another anti-cair blogburst.

the truth of the founding of the council on american-islamic relations (cair) to support islamist terrorists has been proven, over and over again. a sealed ruling of the holy land foundation trial by judge jorge solis has been unsealed and officially reveals what many already knew: cair was specifically created to support the terrorists of hamas and advance the goals of the muslim brotherhood.

     several years ago, cair all but admitted its connections to islamist terror by refusing to defend itself in litigation cair initiated against anti-cair.  

     dr. daniel pipes, steven emerson, joe kaufman, dr. m. zuhdi jasser and investigative journalists david gaubatz and paul sperry (co-authors, “muslim mafia”), among many others, have clearly shown how cair is actively working to subvert and destroy our country in the name of islam.

     despite years of investigation, incontrovertible facts, and cair's inability to defend itself in a lawsuit they initiated; cair still exists.

     why? what is it about cair that has apparently prevented law enforcement superiors from allowing real investigations into cair’s activities?
 
read the rest.
labels: cair



posted by kevin at 
     5:02 am 
0 comments






thursday, october 14, 2010



	 
	 the crazy idea that obama is a muslim
	 
    


 i found this important list thanks to iba.

jw: if you wonder how anyone could have gotten the crazy idea that obama  is a muslim, consider this list of obama's actions, that atlas published last june:  
march 2009, obama declares the "war on terror" is over despite a  dramatic  increase in jihad war ops.
march 2009, he floats the idea that he will talk to violent,  genocidal hamas.
march 2009, he demands, recruits and insists that more muslim  americans work in the obama administration.
april 2009, obama tells europe to admit islamic turkey into eu, much   to the consternation of the europeans.
april 2009, obama demands non-muslims respect islam (despite our  differences) in a speech in turkey.
april 2009, obama in a speech from turkey: "we  are not a christian nation."
april 2009, dalia mogahed, the first hijab-clad senior  adviser to  obama on muslim affairs  says in an interview with terrorist- and jihad-supporting sheik yusuf    qaradawi's website, "many  have  claimed that terrorists have 'hijacked  islam'. i disagree. i think islam  is safe  and thriving in the lives of  muslims around the world. what the  terrorists have  been allowed to  take over are muslim grievances."
in april 2009, obama lays groundwork for a partnership  with hamas.
may 2009, obama  promises to offer his "personal commitment"  to muslims.
may 2009, obama calls america "one of the largest muslim countries on the planet."
 june  2009, obama  invites the muslim brotherhood, violent  global jihadist group  whose sole objective is a universal caliphate, to  his speech to the  ummah (muslim community) in cairo.
june 2009, obama makes a stunning speech to the muslim world  from al azhar  university in cairo. it defies explanation.
july 2009, obama reaches  out to the violent jihadists of hezb'allah.
july 2009, obama creates a new office at the state department, outreach to the  worldwide muslim  community, reporting directly to hillary clinton.
july 2009 state   department welcomes hamas mouthpiece, al-quds tv, to dc to film   propaganda.
obama promises to close gitmo.
obama is rebuked when plans are revealed for cia prosecutions for 911  interrogations: seven  ex-chiefs of cia oppose case review: all sign  letter to stop cia  persecutions.
in july, obama sanctions the brutal crackdown of those marching  for freedom in iran and sides with the mullahcracy. he stands silent  about the iranian regime's mass executions, mass rape and murder.
july 2009, obama plans to slash us nuclear arsenal.
september 2009.  bolton on obama at the un: "this is the most radical  anti-israel speech i can  recall any president making" "i have to say i  was very shaken by this  speech."
october 2009, obama offers millions in muslim technology fund.
november 2009, fort hood jihad cover up:  obama  urges congress to put off fort hood probe, warns  against turning tragedy into "political theater." 
november 2009, obama offers the taliban control of the kandahar,  helmand, oruzgan, kunar and nuristan provinces, in return for a halt to  the taliban missile attacks on u.s. bases.
november 2009, obama reaches out to bloody jihadis in the philippines.
 on thanksgiving eve, obama issues a special hajj message to the world's  muslims.
december 2009,  obama's  "non-religious" white house christmas and no  christmas gifts for his kids.
february 2010, obama  names a hafiz to the organization of the islamic  conference. "and as a hafiz of the koran, [hussain] is a  respected  member of the american  muslim community," obama said in his message to the doha  meeting,  using the term for someone who has mastered and memorized the  muslim  holy book. 
february 2010, obama cuts us space program, orders nasa to work with  muslim countries.
february 2010, covering up for jihadists in the white house.
obama's counter terrorism adviser, john  brennan, involved in obama passport breach.
march 2010, obama  obsession with islam: calls 'entrepreneurship  summit' with muslims.
april 2010, libyan  pres gaddafi praises obama: "barakeh obama is  friend" "he is of muslim  descent, his policy should be supported...."
may 2010, obama's  counterterrorism adviser calls jihad  "legitimate tenet of islam."
may 2010,  white house pro-terrorism john brennan  speechifies in  arabic, equates terrorists with shoplifters, lawmakers  call for his  firing.
june 2010,  obama equivocates on the jihad warship convoy  (affectionately named a "flotilla" by the media): obama "expressed a deep regret over  loss of [jihadist]  life."
june 2010, obama administration to support anti-israel resolution  at un.with a record like that, how could anyone get the idea that barack  obama is warmly positive toward islam, and may even continue to consider  himself a muslim, as he was registered in school as a child in  indonesia?

oh well, at least the economy is running well....err, never mind....labels: obama



posted by kevin at 
     2:40 am 
0 comments






monday, october 04, 2010



	 
	 9-11 firefighter responds to mosque developer
	 
    


h/t, one jerusalem. 
labels: 9/11, ground zero mosque



posted by kevin at 
     12:44 pm 
2 comments






tuesday, september 28, 2010



	 
	 rip george blanda
	 
    


the nfl hall of fame great who played until he was nearly 50 passed away at age 83.labels: sports



posted by kevin at 
     8:13 am 
0 comments






friday, september 24, 2010



	 
	 your tax dollars at work
	 
    


what happens if you give a dollar to a bum who has no intention of reforming?
the same thing as when you give the auto industry 6 billion dollars.labels: auto workers, bail outs



posted by kevin at 
     12:51 am 
0 comments






monday, september 20, 2010



	 
	 the list of things that offend muslims
	 
    


 originally posted feb 12, 2007this list is a work in progress. i welcome suggestions.  anyone who has more items to add to the list, post them in the comments. the intent of the list is to illustrate the futility of the  multicultural approach to islam. sharia law demands submission not only  from muslims, but from non-muslims as well. this makes respectful  coexistence nearly impossible with muslims in infidel lands. the  examples below serve as reminder that submitting to one complaint or  another only emboldens muslims to seek to further their ultimate goal of  establishing sharia. the west needs to come to grips with this fact and start  standing up for our god-given rights of free speech, free expression and  freedom of religion, lest we surrender those rights to a theocratic  movement bent on removing our constitutional freedoms that we hold dear.  in this case, our tolerance will lead to intolerance.       flags the  english flag being flown in england, as well as st.  george pins, worn by englishmen in england, austrian flag, soccer  ball with saudi flag, stepping on  makeshift hamas and hezbollah flags, ref's whistle with the swiss  cross, the  israeli flag, and of course...the american flag.      buildings the world trade center, the pentagon, the giant  buddha's, the new apple store in manhattan.the  beslan memorial, pool  halls and coffee shops, movie  theaters, the graves  of biblical joshua and caleb, the  eiffel tower, coffee  shops, saracen's  head cafe, "mecca"  bar in kiev, breslin  bar and grill in ny, a disco  called mecca.      christians the trinity, pope  benedict xvi. pope  john paul ii, coptic  pope shenouda iii, robert spencer,  the name "crusaders"  , the cross,  christmas  presents, santa  claus,  bibles,  selling bibles,  lip synching  videos, craig  winn, prayer,  valentine's  day, christians  who accidently touch the koran, street  evangelists, the  letter x, muslim  converts to christianity, the knights of malta,  the  bishop of rochester, use of the word  allah by catholics, christians  proselytizing to muslims, church  bells, a picture  of jesus hung on a staffroom wall, father  zakariah, jerry  falwell, a coin with john  3:16 printed on it, eli soriano,  dating a polish catholic  girl, uk radio minister rev  masih,  zion  baptist church in rochdale, uk, rotary and lions  clubs, hector  aleem, the color  red near valentine's day, christians who use the  word "allah" to describe god, fr  daniil sysoyev.      jews  the existence of israel, the reality of the holocaust, holocaust  day (uk), teaching  of the holocaust, annapolis  peace talks, a rabbi  speaking at an islamic university, an israeli  vodka bottle with a picture of jerusalem, paper  cups that were made in israel, luggage  from israel, an israeli  soccer team, the  torah scrolls at hebron, tennis star shahar peer,  the israeli  taekwondo team.       hindus/buddhist's/other  religions the dalai lama, baha'i,  pagans, zoroastrians,  faith  healers, hindu temples.      cartoons the danish cartoons,  videos  of danes drawing mohammed. cartoons about uday  and qusay's death. these  photoshops, the buddy christ,  cambridge  university cartoon, pokemon,  opus,  david low's jack  hobbs cartoon, "mohammed cat" ,  cartoon of cheryfa  macaulay jamal, jojo's  bizarre adventure, mickey  mouse, emoticons,  cartoon of mohammed  and aeisha nude, molly  morris.      movies/tv/theater/radio the movie "the passion of  the christ" the italian film, 'il  mercante di pietre' (the stone merchant)"24",  disney's "aladdin", theo  van gogh's "submission",  a french play by  voltaire, "looking  for comedy in the muslim world" rubber  duck hostage video, ohio carad, the movie ,"300"  pbs documentary "islam  v islamists", jihad,  the musical, true  lies the movie, michael  savage, paul  harvey, you tube,  fitna  the movie, bruce almighty,  evan  almighty, stage  version of the satanic verses, "life  of mohammad" movie, bridgitte  bardot, indian  soap operas, music  shops, chicken  run, saving private  ryan, 1977 movie, mohammad,  messanger of god, the film "crossing  over" egyptian actor amr  waked, fiddler  on the roof, satellite  tv owners, obsession  the movie, denver  disk jockeys joey  teehan, dean myers and roger beaty, the  wrestler movie, radio  basingstoke/cliff richards, lowell green,  tv documentary jihad  for love, cinema  and theater, actors  and actresses working together, matrix reloaded,  south  park, "son of no one" movie.       food burger king ice  cream cones, jewish  cookies, israeli  dates, pork, even when  consumed by non-muslims. alcohol,  quebec  day-care lunch menu, hot-cross  buns, cola  cola, pepsi,  easter  eggs, ham  sandwiches accidentally served to muslim prisoners, peanut  butter and jelly sandwiches served in jail, parking lot sign  jokingly labeled "the  porking yard", doritos  and salad  dressing containing trace amounts of alcohol, falafels,  cucumbers,  tomatoes and ice cream, rum  flavored ice cream.      music music  in general, a rap  cd with quranic verses. an award winning spanish  song, a party honoring late rock star freddy  mercury, mozart, gospel  music in a church van, a muslim  prayer set to house music, rock singer who bared his  chest, vande  mataram, the indian national song, avril  levigne, gwen stefani,  paul  mccartney, dancing,  busta rhymes song "arab  money", discos,  rihanna,  i-dance  contest, german  soccer club song, kelly  clarkson.      humor/satire disc jockey  humor, "terrorist"  fireworks safety ad, 'achmed  the dead terrorist' ringtone.      animals piggy  banks the chinese "year of  the pig" toy pigs,  pig-shaped  stress relievers, piglet  from winnie the pooh, the  three little pigs, nature course that  included pigs, pig  shaped playground toys, dogs,  guide  dogs, lost  dog poster, walking  the dog, sniffer  dogs, trainee  police puppy rebel, the selling of dogs  and cats, unclothed  female goats, mice.      public figures walid  shoebat, kamal saleem, and zachariah anani, "the 3  ex-terrorists." daniel pipes, ayaan  hirsi-ali, mp phil woolas  (uk), virgil  goode, jack  straw, bloggers,  the us  congress, paris mayor bertrand  delanoe, mayor of mirfield robert  bennett, afghan journalist sayed  perwiz kambakhsh, tony blair and  gordon brown, australian prime minister john  howard, geert wilders, prince  harry, ehsan  jami, dr  wafa sultan, obama's  website, michelle  malkin, susanne  winter, french  first lady carla bruni.      women  the passport  photo of a 5 year old girl, women who allow  themselves to be raped, the  panty jihad, egyptian feminist nawal  al-saadawi, the clitoris,  hugging  a man in public, the breats of female  mannequins, female  dolls, pin-ups  on raf jets, unclothed  sex, breast  feeding, britney  and madonna, male  gynaecologists, the word women,  refusing  to wear the hijab, benazir  bhutto, nouriya  al subeeh, female medic's hygiene  rules, hair  salons that refuse headscarfs. a woman  sitting with a man in a starbucks, wearing  makeup, not  wearing socks, sharing  a gym with men. pictures  of women in newspapers, matalan  billboards, cell  phone use by women, work  uniforms at a tortilla factory, go  kart woman, lipstick  and high heels, hasina  kahn, women omitted from an ikea  catalog, miss world  contest, female  olympians on tv, women on tv in  general, women  leaving the house without permission, lesbianism  and tomboy behavior, the term 'gender  equality', street protests of  divorced women, gender  mixed theaters, women who  drive, seeking a female  writer's autograph, wearing  a bra, rape  victims and their "satanic skirts".      books/publications and writers salmon rushdie's "satanic verses", rushdie's  knighthood, a book by an  egyptian feminist., french and german newspapers,  tampa flyers,  nobel prize winning author, naguib  mahfouz, harry  potter, the autobiography of norwegian  politician carl  i. hagen "ærlig talt", bangladeshi  feminist writer taslima nasreen, national  review, mark  steyn, these 11 books, wikipedia,  passant  rashad, first  bible stories, saudi writers abdullah  bin bejad al-otaibi and yousef aba al-khail, dr  rachael ehrenfeld, howard  rotberg, houston chronicle,  harry's  place, sherry  jones, poet islam  samhan, the russian  version of newsweek, douglas  murray, geraldine  bedell, steven  crowder, wedad  lootah, these 10  terms, lubna  hussien.      art/artists tate british  museum, delta  college, harper  college photo exhibit, iranian artist sooreh  hera, "zog"  exhibition by art group surrend, "shark"  by david cerny, sculptures  of mohammed, church  pulpit wood carving of mohammed, bologna  church  fresco, sculpture  of mother teresa, stork  statues, statue  of christ, the "det  er ikke forbudt å tenke" exhibition, fresco of  mohammed at st. petronio in  bologna, a  statue of javanese puppetry figure bima.       grooming barbers , eyebrow  plucking for men, hair  gel, "allah  tatoo", black  hair dye, unusual  haircuts.      clothing western-style trousers, colored  underwear, nike "flame" logo, shoes  and pants bearing the arabic symbol for allah, italian  soccer team's shirts, iraqi tennis players wearing  shorts, clothing embroidered  with koranic passages, the barcelona  football club badge, blue  jeans, not hiking  salwar above ankles, koranic verses on sking  gear, a shoe named  mohammed, disney employee's uniform.      miscellaneous airport security,  a yemini  man who refused to wake up for prayers, mustafa  shag, prison  toilets, indrek wichman, chess,  staring or  looking, polio  vaccine, a moment of silence to commemorate 9/11 in  brussels, koran-themed  toilet seats, exxon,  lapd,  bluetooth,  witchcraft,  the term "war on  terror", emergency  relief from the usn, teddy  bear named mohammed by schoolchildren, sweden,  homosexuals,  shi'ite  jokes, anti terrorist billboard,  self-defense,  toilets  facing mecca, eating  near muslims during ramadan, joining  the british army, flirting,  muslim medical students are refusing to learn  about about alcoholism or stds, loan  interest. polio  vaccine, this  list, facebook,  dancing  on tv, health  and home insurance, corporate  war games, treatment  for sex offenders in prison, holy  names on specimen bottles, barbie,  batman and spiderman, a college course "women  in arabic and islamic literature", mock hostage drill  by police, condoms,  western  human rights, non-muslim  man dating a muslim woman, polio  vaccine, kite  flying, interfaith  marriage, anti-slavery  sanctions, brazilian  carnival parade, mcdonald's  dress code, the beijing  olympics, medal of honor winner col  bud day, nissan,  birthday  parties, anniversaries  and mother's day, this  german carnival, yoga,  non  marital cohabitation, capitalism,  execution of the bali bombers, smoking during ramadan,  terrorist  lego toy, berber names,  holding  hands in public, smoking  in general, bowing,  world cup  soccer.     contributing blogs and websites velvet hammer, lgf,  brussels  journal, apple  blog, planck's  constant, prophet  of doom, jihad  watch, dhimmi  watch, frontpage,  stop the aclu, beautiful  atrocities, stiknstein,  woman honor  thyself, hot air, michelle malkin, newsbusters, jihad du jour,  free repulic,  lost budgie  blog, blogcritics,  neocon  command center, democracy frontline, the dougout,  dhimmitude  news network, foreign  policy, wisdom  of the realm, it's curtains for  you...., eye on the world, cryptic  subterrainean, house of eratosthenes, sugiero, random-american,  scarlett  crusader, flanders fields, chronicles of  atlantis, astute bloggers, infidels blogger  alliance, winds  of jihad, the  jawa report, micheal rittenhouse the daily  atheist, atheist  media blog, media backspin, elder of zion, rhymes with right,  always on  watch, things offensive to  islam, daniel  pipes, infidels  are cool, weasel zippers, blonde sagacity,  central  ohioans against terror, israellycool. add your blog here by contributing a unique item to the list. 



posted by kevin at 
     11:05 am 






thursday, december 07, 2006



	 
	 pearl harbor day
	 
    


poster from lgf .the next day, president roosevelt addressed congress.yesterday, dec. 7, 1941 - a date which will live in infamy - the united statesof america was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces ofthe empire of japan.the united states was at peace with that nation and, at the solicitation ofjapan, was still in conversation with the government and its emperor lookingtoward the maintenance of peace in the pacific.indeed, one hour after japanese air squadrons had commenced bombing in oahu,the japanese ambassador to the united states and his colleagues delivered tothe secretary of state a formal reply to a recent american message. while thisreply stated that it seemed useless to continue the existing diplomaticnegotiations, it contained no threat or hint of war or armed attack.it will be recorded that the distance of hawaii from japan makes it obviousthat the attack was deliberately planned many days or even weeks ago. duringthe intervening time, the japanese government has deliberately sought todeceive the united states by false statements and expressions of hope forcontinued peace.the attack yesterday on the hawaiian islands has caused severe damage toamerican naval and military forces. very many american lives have been lost.in addition, american ships have been reported torpedoed on the high seasbetween san francisco and honolulu.yesterday, the japanese government also launched an attack against malaya.last night, japanese forces attacked hong kong.last night, japanese forces attacked guam.last night, japanese forces attacked the philippine islands.last night, the japanese attacked wake island.this morning, the japanese attacked midway island.japan has, therefore, undertaken a surprise offensive extending throughout thepacific area. the facts of yesterday speak for themselves. the people of theunited states have already formed their opinions and well understand theimplications to the very life and safety of our nation.as commander in chief of the army and navy, i have directed that all measuresbe taken for our defense.always will we remember the character of the onslaught against us.no matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion, theamerican people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory.i believe i interpret the will of the congress and of the people when i assertthat we will not only defend ourselves to the uttermost, but will make verycertain that this form of treachery shall never endanger us again.hostilities exist. there is no blinking at the fact that our people, ourterritory and our interests are in grave danger.with confidence in our armed forces - with the unbounding determination of ourpeople - we will gain the inevitable triumph - so help us god.i ask that the congress declare that since the unprovoked and dastardly attackby japan on sunday, dec. 7, a state of war has existed between the unitedstates and the japanese empire.



posted by kevin at 
     5:30 pm 
4 comments











about me

name:  kevin 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile

links

always on watch 3
anti-cair
cheese in my shoe
edge's conservative movies
elmer's brother
eye on the world
geeeeez!
great satan"s girlfriend
i also blog at infidel bloggers alliance
the anti-islamist coalition
the beak speaks
woman honor thyself

previous posts

cair:  what now, congress?
the crazy idea that obama is a muslim
9-11 firefighter responds to mosque developer
rip george blanda
your tax dollars at work
the list of things that offend muslims
pearl harbor day
graffitti jihad
remembering john p o' neill
last  post here...

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
december 2006
september 2010
october 2010
december 2010


subscribe toposts [atom]







 



