



	creative software - limowiz




























login











home


about


pricing & order


credit card processing


support










 good news  limowiz is now integrated with 


(brand name changed from clover connect)
pci compliant credit card processing
sign-up with fiserv now


          limousine, car, bus, motorcoach, van dispatch & management software
desktop, mobile driver app and web reservations
proven! - powerful! - easy!


















subscribe now






limowiz desktop



learn more

latest version: limowiz 25.02.07 
free limowiz trial







runs on windows 32bit and 64bit
runs on windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 windows server 2012 and above
powerful trip dispatching
print, preview, fax, email, sms
instantaneous trip calculations and rate calculator
drivers payroll and farm-out reports
automated pre-trip confirmation
automated after-trip thank you
automated data backup
optional credit card processing
and much more...






lwd - driver mobile app



learn more

now with push notifications!
30-day trial - 5 drivers









web reservations



learn more







limowizonline enables you to place a secure "online reservations" button on your website which allows your clients to make online reservations and request price quotations. 
fully responsive and fast!
control panel allows you to create custom pages and customize styles, colors and various drop-down lists.
set terms and conditions using the built-in html editor
download reservations and accounts into limowiz desktop using the limowizonline download program.









                testimonials
            









gold standard product!


                            thank you for what can only be described as one amazing gold standard product.                        
                            invoicing used to take two weeks now it takes two hours and clients love getting email confirmations and we love how professional we look in the market place.
                            

craig t., combined chauffeured cars group


you have once more gone the extra mile for your clients!


                            i wanted to thank you again for the great support you have provided me. i cannot tell you how appreciative i am of your time and genuine readiness to help. it is during such crucial times when i truly appreciate and understand the hard work that you do, and i am grateful that you stand behind your words. you have once more gone the extra mile for your clients."
                            



                        alia k., west coast limousine, ca                         
                        
                    

your product is solid, intuitive and user friendly!


                            i am writing to express my appreciation to the staff for the excellent software you came up with. we have been using limowiz for over 10 years now. we never ever had any problem with it. i believe with each time limowiz is getting better and better, the more we use it and more i like it. your product is solid, intuitive and user friendly and more and more, i cannot imagine running my business without it. we just love you guys and keep up the good work!
                                


                        beysim y., beysim y., msn door to door, ca
                        
                    







                ©2025 fiserv, inc. or its affiliates. fiserv is a trademark of fiserv, inc., registered or used in the united states and foreign
countries, and may or may not be registered in your country.
                all trademarks, service marks, and trade names referenced
in this material are the property of their respective owners.
            







privacy policy
terms
support





©2025 creative software llc, all rights reserved. limowiz® is a registered trademark of creative software llc.






