



















air traffic management | frequentis

















































































      skip to main content
    






frequentis




main navigation




industries







air traffic management



air traffic management



focus areas



focus areas


accelerated drone management




remote digital tower




advanced automated tower




unified aeronautical communications




atm - grade networks




synchronised traffic operations




actionable information management




harmonised control centres




open digital platform







products & technologies



products & technologies


automation




voice




traffic optimisation




information management




surveillance




networks




utm




recording




mosaix




customers & references





airports and airlines





defence






defence



secure communications




recording defence




networks




situational awareness




fixed and deployable digital tower solutions




military tower




surveillance




aim







public safety






public safety



public safety




critical infrastructure




public safety videos




public safety virtual control room







public transport






public transport



public transport virtual control room




operations communication




incident and crisis management







maritime






maritime



virtual maritime studio




search and rescue




coastal surveillance




port authorities / vts




coastal radio







innovation





specialised communications






specialised communications



space




conference control









news & events







industry news





investor & adhoc news





sustainability news





featured stories





events







about us







about us





safety





security





sustainability & csr





partners





research





downloads







careers







careers





working at frequentis





application process





company culture





q&a jobs and application







investor relations







investment story





share





publications





videos





financial calendar





corporate governance





general meeting





ir contact







professional services







professional services





advisory services





technical & user training





technical support & service delivery





open support ticket







language






english





german






contact


















ende




















































home



                  air traffic management
              


air traffic management


digital. sustainable. safe.


welcome to frequentis oneatm, the leading open and integrated ecosystem for air traffic management (atm) solutions. we provide a comprehensive set of market-leading products that cover all atm operational needs, both today and in the future. our holistic approach to atm combines multiple technologies to simplify operations, drive performance, and guarantee safety and continuity. with over 75 years of experience in safety-critical environments and installations of more than ten thousand positions around the globe, frequentis is a proven and trusted partner in providing safety-relevant systems.
simplicity, openness and performance are the foundations on which oneatm is built.
 




							contact us
						



innovation spotlight












with oneatm, frequentis addresses the key airspace challenges with a single objective in mind: to break down both technical and organisational silos and move to collaborative operations. read more





									focus areas
										
								















qcaa, entrusted with overseeing air traffic operations at hamad international airport and across the qatar flight information region, stands as a beacon of excellence in the aviation industry. click here for more information about our customer...




									qatar civil aviation authority
										
								















explore the innovative approach of frequentis oneatm at airspace world 2024, taken at the palexpo in geneva, switzerland.




									airspace world 2024
										
								











							upcoming events
						




overview




we invite you to explore our comprehensive range of solutions and learn how we can help you create a digital, sustainable, and safe airspace. at frequentis oneatm, we believe in leveraging the power of integration to help you reach new heights in air traffic management. focus areasfrequentis oneatm's focus areas represent the various solutions made possible by the integration of frequentis' market-leading products into a single ecosystem. these focus areas showcase the power of integration to simplify operations, drive performance, and guarantee safety and continuity in air traffic management. from safe and compliant orchestration of new airspace users to the transition towards service-based atm, the oneatm focus areas provide a glimpse into the future of atm solutions.  products & technologiesour portfolio of market-leading products is designed to provide comprehensive solutions for the aviation industry. from automation to tower systems, voice communication to traffic optimisation, information management to surveillance, networks to utm and recording, we offer a broad range of solutions that cater to all atm operational needs. explore our products and discover how our integrated solutions can help you create a safer, more efficient, and sustainable airspace.  customer storiesat frequentis, we take great pride in providing reliable and innovative solutions to our customers in the aviation industry. our commitment to safety, efficiency, and customer satisfaction has earned us the trust of leading aviation authorities, airlines, and airports around the world. whether you are looking for inspiration or practical examples of how our solutions can improve your operations, we invite you to explore our references and discover the potential of frequentis oneatm.




online resources


















														oneatm brochures
													















																																																			atm virtual world: join us in the metaverse! stay up to date and subscribe to our social channels...
																																																



														atm digital experience
													














home



                  air traffic management
              






news






 



frequentis supplies digital tower solution in greenland

frequentis has been selected by spanish comsa corporación to provide a digital tower system for qaqortoq airport, continuing their collaboration in greenland’s wider airport modernisation effortsthis project strengthens frequentis' role in enhancing greenland’s air traffic control infrastructure and expanding digital tower solutions for future remote operationsfrequentis has been awarded a contract by comsa corporación, the largest unlisted spanish group in the infrastructure and engineering sector, to provide a local digital tower solution for the new qaqortoq airport in greenland. this project marks an important step in the modernisation of greenland’s aviation infrastructure, enabling air traffic control (atc) operations with advanced digital solutions that reduce the need for traditional tower infrastructure.“we are excited to continue our collaboration with comsa on the qaqortoq airport project. this digital tower project is a perfect example of how airports can take advantage of innovative technologies in air traffic control especially in terms of cost savings and flexibility,” says reinhard grimm, executive vice president, frequentis. to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news 
2024-12-19








 



frequentis and avinor to advance automated tower operations across norway

frequentis will deliver its advanced automated tower solution for oslo airport and up to 14 regional airports the solution will enhance safety and efficiency, supporting future capacity needs“we feel honoured and fully committed to extending our strong long-term partnership with avinor, which will continue to foster close cooperation and drive innovation to the mutual benefit of both companies,” says norbert haslacher, ceo frequentis. “our solution will help avinor meet rising capacity demands in a unified and modern approach to tower operations nationwide while maintaining the highest safety standards.to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news
2024-12-17








 



frequentis modernises voice communications for budapest area control centre and budapest tower

the project replaced all voice communication and recording systems for budapest with the current voice system used as a backup to increase resiliencethe upgrade included modernisation of both the main and contingency accsthe hungarian air navigation service provider, hungarocontrol, has chosen frequentis’ vcs3020 to upgrade its existing voice communication solution (vcs) for all air traffic service units for budapest area control centre (acc). the new main vcs has been duplicated, and the current system will serve as a backup for phone and radio communications within the upgraded solution. this setup allows integration of existing and new technologies, ensuring continuous operation and enhancing system reliability.“this project improves hungarocontrol’s voice communication resilience and optimises overall air traffic services for acc budapest. we look forward to the next stage in this long-standing and successful relationship,” says reinhard grimm, executive vice president atm at frequentis.to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news
2024-11-26








 



josef kutschi appointed new managing director of frequentis comsoft

as of 31 january 2025, josef kutschi will take over as managing director of frequentis comsoft he will succeed constantin von reden, who will be leaving the frequentis groupwith over 18 years of experience in the aviation and aerospace industry, josef kutschi has built a solid foundation in management roles across the satellite industry, air traffic management, and civil aviation. before joining frequentis, he held various management positions in these fields and worked for several years in the middle east. josef kutschi joined frequentis in 2019 as sales director atm middle east and was appointed managing director of frequentis middle east in january 2020. in this position, he was responsible for market development, sales, and customer service in the areas of air traffic management (atm), defence, and public safety in the middle east. to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news
2024-11-20








 



frequentis secures contract with airnav ireland for high-performance backup atm system

frequentis will deliver an advanced contingency atm automation system, using technology distinct from their primary system to ensure enhanced reliability and performancethe project exemplifies frequentis' oneatm approach, integrating advanced technologies into one solution“we are delighted to support airnav ireland with this innovative casds, showcasing our oneatm approach to enhance operational efficiency and safety with integrated technologies,” says constantin von reden, managing director of frequentis comsoft and member of the frequentis oneatm executive team. to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news 
2024-11-12








 



aerocivil of colombia advances aeronautical message handling system with frequentis virtualisation technology

frequentis is upgrading aerocivil’s amhs system with an advanced virtualised solution, enhancing their message handling capabilitiesthis project underscores frequentis’ commitment to advancing air traffic management in latin americafrequentis and the unidad administrativa especial de aeronáutica civil de colombia (aerocivil) are undertaking a transformative aeronautical message handling system (amhs) upgrade project, with frisson technologies serving as the prime contractor. this upgrade will elevate aerocivil’s message handling capabilities to the forefront of modern aviation technology through an innovative virtualised solution.“for frequentis, aerocivil is a significant reference, reflecting its strong commitment to supporting atm infrastructure in latin america. with colombia’s strategic geographical position as a major hub for pan-american air traffic, this upgrade reinforces frequentis’ role as a leading amhs system supplier in the region,” says constantin von reden, managing director of frequentis comsoft and member of the oneatm executive team. to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news 
2024-10-23








frequentis and pccw global successfully showcase advanced air traffic management system in hong kong

significant step towards modernising air traffic management in the asia-pacific regionthe event highlighted how system-wide information management (swim) technology can improve situational awareness and streamline flight managementfrequentis provided key systems for data collection, exchange, and display, supporting seamless information managementfrequentis, in collaboration with pccw global, recently highlighted the benefits of advanced air traffic management technology for the asia-pacific region during an event in hong kong. the demonstration emphasised the practical advantages of utilising system-wide information management (swim) technology over the common regional virtual private network (crv). this joint initiative is a significant step towards modernising air traffic management in the asia-pacific region. to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news 
2024-10-21








 



ports of jersey upgrades aeronautical message handling system with frequentis

ports of jersey limited has successfully implemented frequentis’ smartmessenger 7 aeronautical message handling system (amhs)the system integrates with critical aviation systems, ensuring smooth communication and effective air traffic management (atm)smartmessenger's version 7 updates offer robust support for essential services, boosting overall operational efficiencyas the leading provider responsible for managing jersey airport and harbours, ports of jersey plays a key role in ensuring smooth transit for millions of passengers annually. the implementation of smartmessenger 7 involves seamless integration of hardware, software, and comprehensive services, enhancing performance and ensuring business continuity for ports of jersey. the system is set up in a virtual environment featuring one operational and one test system, running from computer servers installed in two separate buildings.to read the news in full, please click download.> back to industry news> back to investor & adhoc news
2024-05-28








 



exclusive: air traffic controllers will thrive with help from ai


our ceo norbert haslacher was interviewed by farnborough international news network about the role of ai for transforming air traffic control. read the full article here 

2024-04-18








 



frequentis x10 prepares luxembourg airport for future-ready voice communications 


frequentis x10 voice communication system (vcs) to modernise tower and approach infrastructure for air/ground and ground/ground communications 
x10 vcs provides a market-leading approach to cyber security and the most intuitive human machine interface (hmi) for the air traffic controllers

x10 vcs is a fully software-based and air traffic management (atm)-grade it vcs, suited for both virtualised and conventional airspace. the offered solution provides all essential features for reliable air/ground and ground/ground communications. it provides the resilience and cyber security required of a system built for safety-critical atm, with a unique multi-redundancy design, as well as the ability to adapt capacity depending on demand.
“the x10 is our next-generation vcs system, designed with operational agility and a future-proof update strategy that will ensure business continuity throughout atm operations,” says hannu juurakko, frequentis executive vice president atm civil and chairman of the atm executive team. “having worked with luxembourg ana for over 20 years, we are dedicated to supporting them with the changing demands of their airspace, providing the most modern vcs on the market with a clear path to a future unified communication solution.” 
to read the news in full, please click download.
> back to industry news
> back to investor & adhoc news 
2024-03-20














contact us






manage cookies







contact us
newsletter
imprint
sitemap
privacy notice






























































