




bill graham memorial foundation


















































































skip to content















facebook
twitter
















home
missionexpand


board of directors


grantsexpand


application guidelines
bgmf grant recipients
thank yous


about billexpand


biography
interviews


news and eventsexpand


press
photo gallery


show archive search
donate
contact us
 

























toggle menu



























 
bgmf-home-01cexplore the life and legacy of bill grahambgmf-home-02bgmf grants making a difference in the lives of kids everywherebgmf-home-03keeping bill’s traditions alive!bgmf-home-04bgmf grants support the arts, education, community, and the environment! 











the latest

find yourself in the group photo 2025 bill’s bash

january 15, 2025
all the guests at bill’s bash 2025 in one large photo by ken friedman. you can zoom in to find yourself and your friends.click here…




more news from bgmf


the closing of winterlandposted on november 4, 2024the bill graham memorial foundation is happy to have partnered with live nation and the four star theatre in san francisco for their film series connected to “fall at the fillmore”.  bgmf is the charity recipient of the proceeds and the last film in the series, “the closing of winterland”…read more the closing of winterlandbill walton 1952-2024posted on may 28, 2024we were shocked and saddened to learn that the legendary bill walton has died. he’s been such an important part of our lives for so long — he and his big heart and excellent vibes will be sorely missed. our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends.read more bill walton 1952-2024large group photo from 2024 bill’s bashposted on january 11, 2024click each image to view or download large size image.read more large group photo from 2024 bill’s bashbill’s bash brunch 2024 photos!posted on january 10, 2024click the title to see lots of great photos of the bash.read more bill’s bash brunch 2024 photos!the bill graham muralposted on november 16, 2023
read more & see photosread more the bill graham mural


recent events
bill’s bash 2025 photo galleries: photos by tammy lau and ken friedman (click for a slideshow)



photos by ken friedman


photos by tommy lau



















subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name last name 













information for grant seekers




click here for application and deadline info





support bgmf




help us carry on the pioneering work of bill graham with grants and other community activities by donating now





the bill graham memorial foundation, was formed in january of 2008 in memory of the legendary rock impresario, bill graham. the foundation is a public charity that is funded through individual and corporate contributions and grants.








 










info for grant seekers



click here for application and deadline info

the bill graham memorial foundation, was formed in january of 2008 in memory of the legendary rock impresario, bill graham. the foundation is a public charity that is funded through individual and corporate contributions and grants.

the foundation is guided by a broad-based group which includes bill’s sons, several former long-time employees of bill graham presents and other community leaders.
 






events & news



find out what's happening in the world of bgmf
 






photo credits



slide photos: bill photos (left to right) unknown, chris scott, unknown*
organization photos courtesy of: berkeley old time music conference, little kids rock, fiddle kids, destiny arts, los centzontles, urban sprouts, 826 valencia street, art with elders, friends of sausal creek, east bay center for performing arts, ceres community project, urban sproutsevent photos: ken friedman, jay blakesberg

see more photos here

if you know or are the photographer for any uncredited photo, please contact us and let us know!
 













© 2012-2025 • bill graham memorial foundation
all donations to the bill graham memorial foundation are tax deductible to the fullest extent allowed by the law. bill graham memorial foundation – 501c3 # 26-2350485
 












amnesty international human rights now! 1988





after presenting the first live stadium rock concert featuring american artists in russia, bill put together the “human rights now!” tour in 1988 to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights. featuring yossou n’dour, tracy chapman, peter gabriel, sting, and bruce springsteen, the tour began in england and continued with concerts in europe, costa rica, canada, the united states, japan, india, zimbabwe, the ivory coast, brazil, and argentina. the sheer logistics of moving so many musicians around the world in “the greatest ever rock-music extravaganza” were staggering but the tour brought amnesty’s message of hope to people in the third world where the organization had long been struggling to achieve its goals.








in concert against aids 1989



in concert against aids was a groundbreaking, 18-months-in-the-making entertainment series which took place in the bay area over five days at the end of may, 1989.  a giant aids benefit concert was the idea of bill’s close friend and associate, zohn artman. artman wanted to “see heterosexual rock stars stand up and be counted in the battle against aids.” he had envisioned a stadium concert and telethon three years earlier but sadly he succumbed to aids before his vision could be realized. 
two years later bill graham brought zohn’s vision to fruition. billed as a “… total community effort …” the week of events included “the world’s longest conga line,” a comedy night, a gospel choir show, and the highlight – a nine-hour rock concert at the oakland coliseum featuring the grateful dead, john fogerty, tracy chapman, los lobos and others.
“i’ve lost some friends to aids. this is an emotional issue for me,” grateful dead guitarist jerry garcia said at a news conference announcing in concert against aids. “we are not really making any sacrifices. we’re doing what we always do, playing music for people,” garcia said. “i hope this gets treated with the seriousness it deserves. it’s still being treated like some kind of political issue, not like what it really is, a health issue.”
the week kicked off with huey lewis and the news performing an intimate set at slim’s which included a sit down dinner, while linda ronstadt starred in an evening of latin music at the san francisco gift center. between the week of concerts and a telethon with filmed portions of the stadium show that ran on kron, more than $500,000 was raised. 








earthquake relief benefit 1989


bob hope with bill graham. photo by ken friedman 
in response to the 1989 earthquake in northern california, a benefit event was swiftly organized by bill graham. approximately 50 music and comedy acts performed on november 26, 1989, at three different venues – henry j. kaiser convention center  in oakland, the cow palace in san francisco and the watsonville high school football field. kqed, a public broadcasting station, played a key role by securing an fcc waiver and dedicating 13 hours of airtime for the telethon, broadcasting live concerts and appeals for earthquake relief donations. during the telethon, bill pledged to match funds up to one million dollars. 
the “earthquake relief” concerts featured bobby mcferrin, carlos santana, neil young, los lobos, bonnie raitt, pete escovedo, taj mahal and crosby, stills & nash. bob hope joined the lineup for the event that in the end, raised a total of two million dollars for the relief fund. 
a remembrance from bob barsotti who worked alongside bill on many of the benefit shows over the years…”when bill was doing his rounds of the three benefit sites he was able to bring bob hope along to say hello to the crowds out to support earthquake relief. when they arrived at the cow palace it was time for the doobie brothers to begin their set so bill brought bob out on stage with him for an extra special intro for his dear friends. when bill introduced bob the crowd erupted and bob just stood there staring out, eventually able to say a few words of welcome before the doobies started their set. as bill was walking bob off stage he noticed a strange look on his face so he bent down and asked if everything was ok? bob turned to bill and said “what was that?” bill, realizing bob was speaking of the  deafening roar of the crowd looked him in the eye and said,” that, my friend, is the power of rock n roll!”  bob’s response was “i’ve been in front of plenty of huge crowds before but i’ve never felt anything close to what i felt out there today.”








nelson mandela for a free south africa 1990


after his release from prison in february of 1990, nelson mandela traveled extensively, making several trips to the united states. he came to the bay area in june 1990, where he was honored at a sold-out concert at the oakland coliseum.
for bill graham, it was important that the show reflected the supporters of mandela and the makeup of the greater bay area. during a press conference bill said that he felt strongly about what the bay area stands for having been the home of the free speech movement and so supportive of the labor movement, and that recognition should be given to those factors. in addition to that “the music at the event must be roots music that emanated from africa extending into gospel and jazz and blues and r&b.” 
ticket prices were kept to $5.00 to make the event available to as many as possible and performers included zulu spear, john lee hooker & bonnie raitt, the oakland-based vukani mawethu choir, baba olatunji and mickey hart, tramaine hawkins, bob weir and jerry garcia, gospel hummingbirds, john lee hooker, sweet honey in the rock, oakland interfaith gospel choir, john santos, kotoja, as well as bay area drum and dance troupes. 
at the event, acknowledging the bay area’s role as a u.s. center of activism against apartheid, mandela told the crowd: “you must remember that you are our blood brothers and sisters. you are our comrades in the struggle. remember that we respect you, we admire you and, above all, we love you. ‘we are at a crucial historical juncture,” he told a cheering crowd of 58,000 people, ”we shall not turn back. despite my 71 years, at the end of this visit i feel like a young man of 35. i feel like an old battery that has been recharged. and if i feel so young, it is the people of the united states of america that are responsible for this.”







line up for the nelson mandela 1990 concert

our boys steel orchestra
opening invocation and massed drum procession featuring: baba olatunji / mickey hart / ladzekpo brothers / mandeleo institute / joni haastrup / jose lorenzo with batucaje i michael pluznick / motherstone / hintil kuu ka pomo children dancers / plus bay area drum and dance troupes / with special guests jerry garcia and bob weir 
tramaine hawkins 
the cast of sarafina
gospel hummingbirds 
john lee hooker with bonnie raitt 
bay area jazz all-stars with: fave carol / john handy / bobby hutcherson / ed kelly/ troy lampkin / pharoah sanders / e.w. wainwright 
oakland interfaith gospel choir 
sweet honey in the rock
machete ensemble featuring: david belove / john calloway / bill ortiz / john santos / wayne wallace 
boogie down productions 
zulu spear
kotoja 
vukani mawethu
northern california mass choir




audio: bill graham at the press conference for the nelson mandela event









 
 













home
missiontoggle child menuexpand


board of directors


grantstoggle child menuexpand


application guidelines
bgmf grant recipients
thank yous


about billtoggle child menuexpand


biography
interviews


news and eventstoggle child menuexpand


press
photo gallery


show archive search
donate
contact us
 


























