














lam family college of business | san francisco state university































      skip to main content
    










san francisco state university |
                

lam family college of business 



 



a–z

calendar

login




search
                                    sf state




search sf state button




sf
                                state
                            

this site
                            











toggle navigation
 menu
                            




main navigation


about us


programs


admissions


apply


academic departments expand


all academic departments


accounting


decision sciences


economics


finance


hospitality, tourism & event management


information systems


international business


labor and employment studies program


management


marketing




initiatives & centers


student resources


contact us


donate

















the lam family college of business






 


 










transform your future with a business degree. create the life you've imagined with a purposeful, action-oriented, and quality business education of unmatched value in san francisco.
the lam family college of business at san francisco state university equips students with the latest business knowledge, in-demand skills and engaging experiences to succeed in a global economy and lead the way to a more prosperous and equitable world.
we offer bachelor’s degree programs in business administration, hospitality and tourism management, economics, and labor and employment studies.
our bachelor of science in business administration program offers students nine unique concentrations to choose from, including marketing, management, business analytics, accounting, finance, decision sciences, information systems, international business, and general business.
learn more about our undergraduate business programs.





  for future students:








learn about our programs





graduate admission





undergraduate admission







 


events









feb
28



application deadline for 2025 lfcob pitch contest
fri, february 28, 05:00 pm.
submit application online










mar
07



2025 lfcob pitch contest
fri, march 07, 03:00 pm
zoom - registration is required to receive zoom link











mar
14



responsible innovation & entrepreneurship conference 2025 - day 1 of 2
fri, march 14, 08:30 am
san francisco state university downtown campus 160 spear street, 5th floor, san francisco, ca 94105














mar
15



responsible innovation & entrepreneurship conference 2025 - day 2 of 2
sat, march 15, 08:30 am
san francisco state university downtown campus 160 spear street, 5th floor, san francisco, ca 94105










mar
31



cesar chavez day; campus closed
mon, march 31, 12:00 am












apr
07



business ethics week 2025 - save the date!
mon, april 07, 08:00 am
tbd










more upcoming events





 


news





february 06, 2025
professor john logan's report on corporate tactics preventing unionization efforts was published on economic policy institute website

            
            a report written by john logan, department chair and professor of labor and employment studies at the lam family college of…




january 31, 2025
professor john logan discussed significant union-related issues in news stories in major news outlets

            
            john logan, chair and professor of labor and employment studies, discussed a new bill advanced by utah lawmakers that would…




january 24, 2025
theresa roeder, department chair of decision sciences, elected vice president of sections and societies for informs
…




more news











  featured student resources




zoom drop-in undergraduate advising - virtual drop-in hours for “quick questions.” hours: 10:00 a.m. – noon and 2:00 – 4:00 p.m.
scholarships - find a scholarship that's right for you.
metro academy of business - eligible undergraduate students receive personalized attention through in-class academic support and tutoring.
find departmental operating hours and contacts
dean-on-call program - contact us if you are a student experiencing difficulties and need real-time support.






  featured undergraduate programs



new b.s. in business administration concentration in business analytics!
business analytics in one of the fastest growing fields in business! a bachelor of science in business administration with a concentration in business analytics can help open a wide range of in-demand and cutting-edge career opportunities for students. you can also easily complete a double-concentration with decision sciences or information systems, or a double-major with economics.




sf state scholars programs (blended bachelor's + master's)
students enrolled in one of these programs pursue a bachelor’s and master’s degree simultaneously, earning graduate credit while in their junior and/or senior year, and thereby reducing the number of semesters required for completion of a master’s degree. our college offers sf state scholars programs in accounting, business analytics (with an ms in business analytics) decision sciences (with an ms in business analytics), economics, and information systems (with an ms in business analytics).




bachelor of science in business administration 
provides students majoring in business administration with a foundation in the basic concepts and practices of the business community, and with particular expertise in one or more of the 10 specialties of practice, to prepare them to think creatively and to exercise critical judgment when making business decisions.




bachelor of science in hospitality & tourism management
prepares students to become exceptional hospitality and tourism industry business leaders through experiential and personalized learning. this program is designed to provide students with a core of business education and professional hospitality and tourism management knowledge. students can choose an elective emphasis, including: hotel operations management; food and beverage management; conventions, meetings and event management, or tourism management. 





  featured graduate programs



master of science in quantitative economics



 










mba for executives



 












graduate certificate programs
learn about our 11 different graduate certificate programs, including decision sciences, ethics & compliance, international business & global leadership, enterprise cybersecurity, marketing in the digital economy, finance, and more! these certificates are designed for working professionals and graduate students looking to deepen their knowledge and develop sought-after skills in specialized, growing fields.







  center for ethical & sustainable business



the center for ethical and sustainable business - integrating ethics, corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability beyond the classroom.


















contact
email: cobus@sfsu.edutelephone: (415) 338-1276



linkedin





facebook





twitter




youtube






locationsan francisco state universitybusiness building1600 holloway ave., san francisco, ca 94132





office hoursmonday through friday8 a.m.–noon; 1–5 p.m.




quick linksalumni, discover your connection!employment opportunitieslfcob fiscal services intranetfaculty and staff intranetthe vista room restaurant














accessibility
equity & community inclusion
environment & sustainability
privacy policy
title ix




san francisco state
                            university
a
                            california state university campus









sf state facebook







sf state twitter







sf state instagram







sf state linkedin






































