






wss executive search | search firm | executive search










































































































































 







skip to content








714.848.1201admin@wssexecutivesearch.com 

linkedinxfacebook 












  


search for:








homeaboutfoundermanaging directorindustries & rolesbrochure (currently being updated)locations servedspecializationswomen leadersbalancing diversityboard assignmentsservicesemployer servicesexecutive recruiting servicesconsulting / special projectspublic speakingemployer newslettercandidate servicescandidate newslettersubmit resumecareer supportblogscontactcontact wssemployers newslettercandidate newsletter 











loading...







an organizations success starts with its people 



serving the industry for 20 years 


contact wss











women in leadership 



strong teams need female leaders 


learn more











diversity recruiting strategies 



driving success through diverse teams 


learn more











board appointments 



adding value to your board 


learn more














homegreg banig2025-01-23t16:54:52+00:00 
it’s here! the book you’ve been waiting for!the women’s career masterclassstaying marketable and succeeding in a changing business worldbecky heidesch is proud to offer your personal career coach. a comprehensive guide chock full of practical advice, tips, tools and lessons, and the answers to your most pressing career-related questions!  take control of the management of your career, get your copy today! 
order nowbuilding high-performing teams
successful companies don’t just embrace diversity of people, thought and experience — they leverage it for greater business success. as a pioneer in cutting edge recruiting practices, wss was here long before major search firms were pledging a diversity focused hiring approach to satisfy client needs.
as a women-owned and diverse executive search firm, wss executive search has been placing senior-level women and diverse executives for over two decades with nationwide and global clients of all shapes and sizes, ranging from large fortune 500 companies to startups and non-profits with a shared mission and goal to diversify leadership teams to achieve business goals.
women leaders
learn morebalancing strong diverse teams
learn moreboard assignments
learn more
an organization’s success is created by its people.
finding the best candidate for your important role can be an enormous challenge. the task is even greater if you lack key relationships and critical tools, such as access to insider networks and proprietary databases. without these resources it can be extremely difficult to communicate and engage with the best executive level talent.
when your business or department’s success is on the line it is imperative that your organization makes the best hires. to do this you need a partner with experience and one that you can count on, this is wss executive search.
learn more about wss executive searchwss executive search at a glance
functional roles
senior leadership roles
c-suite executives
board of directors
industries
financial services
consumer products & goods
technology
sports, entertainment & media
manufacturing
non-profit / education
healthcare
startups

our clients
wss has worked with a wide variety of clients ranging from startups and large corporations to fortune 500 companies and boards of directors. wss’s client spectrum over the years has included numerous recognizable names.
a short list of our representative clients include:

aaa ncnu
ally
amazon
aqua technologies
at&t
citigroup
discover financial services


espn
golden one credit union
healthsouth
lpga
the leonard group
metlife
merrill lynch


morgan stanley
nascar
new york life
proctor & gamble
reebok
stryker medical
zions bancorporation


partner with wss.
give us a call to discuss your needs.
whether it is a single search, talent mapping assignment, enterprise recruiting project or speaking engagement, wss looks forward to hearing from you.
tel 714.848.1201
send us your questions or comments

first name*last name*companyemail*

phonecomments*captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















download our brochure (currently being updated)




 
 





specializationswomen leaders
balancing diversity
board assignments
 

employer servicesexecutive recruiting services
talent mapping
pipeline development
research
special projects
consulting / special projects
public speaking
 

candidate servicescandidate newsletter
submit resume
career support
 

resourcesnewsletters
 

wss executive search

7755 center avenue
huntington beach, ca 92647


3940-7 broad street, suite 265
san luis obispo, ca 93401

714.848.1201
admin@wssexecutivesearch.com 

 
 
 






tel: 714.848.1201     admin@wssexecutivesearch.com
west coast office       east coast office 

© wss executive search   |   all rights reserved   |   privacy policy   |   terms of use 


linkedinxfacebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



close this module
email newslettersubscribe for news & updatessubscribeno thanks, i'm not interested!

close this module
employer newslettersubscribeget news & alerts from wss
first namefirst name...last namelast name...email*your email...subscribe!no thanks, i’m not interested! 






























































































































 


go to top




