








acadia national park - bar harbor maine insider's guide






























































 toggle navigation    
home 



index 
 towns 

bar harbor
bass harbor
bernard
corea
ellsworth
gouldsboro
islesford
northeast harbor
prospect harbor
seal cove
seal harbor
somesville
sorrento
southwest harbor
sullivan
tremont
trenton
winter harbor


 lodging 

main lodging
bed & breakfasts
cabins & cottages
campgrounds
hotels & motels
inns
vacation rentals


 places 

acadia history
asticou azalea garden
bass harbor head light
bubble pond
cadillac mountain
carriage roads
eagle lake
echo lake
gorham mountain
hiking trails
jordan pond
mount desert island
ocean path
otter cliff
park loop road
precipice
sand beach
schoodic
seawall
sieur de monts spring
thunder hole
visitor center


 map 

acadia mdi map
mdi map
schoodic map
schoodic map 2
street map - bar harbor


photos 
 activities 

activities
bars, clubs, taverns
beaches
biking
cat ferry
churches
contact
dining
entertainment
fishing
hiking
kayak rentals & canoes
park entrance pass
pets in park
tours
weddings
wildwood stables






























      




acadia national park, maine


index of pages   |   towns & villages   |   mount desert island




acadia national park is a stunning national treasure on the coast of maine in the northeastern usa. this “insider's” vacation guide covers all the best places to see and the towns and villages in the acadia region from bar harbor on mount desert island to winter harbor on the schoodic peninsula. wherever you choose, the views are spectacular, and nature abounds. no wonder this is one of the most visited parks in the united states and in all north america. experience it for yourself. once you have been here you will want to return. 
bar harbor, a small seaside resort on the northeastern side of mount desert island, has a unique symbiotic relationship with  acadia national park. together, they are like conjoined twins, both born of the same mother - and she is the land and ocean combined. 
historical roots are at play here, a special blend of salty air and the classic down east character that is recognized and loved by millions. together, these “conjoined twins” offer an unforgettable maine vacation. 
acadia   bar harbor   things to do





park history & info 
visitor center
towns & villages
bar harbor
mt. desert island
park entrance
view photos
faq's







 


 


 







using this guide
figuring out things to do and places to see in such a large geographical area with so many options can be a daunting task, especially for those who have never been here before. people who have already visited can quickly point themselves in the right direction and know how to get there. in maine, that is no small task. there is an old "down east" response that is often spoken with a bit of a chuckle, "you can't get there from here!" for the first-second-or third time visitor, it helps to first get a visual of what the shape of the land looks like and what towns and villages are close by. those who have never been here may want to get a feel for the place and imagine being in specific settings. the following suggestions will respond to these varying needs. 




checking it out
start by looking through the hundreds of photos accessed via the main navigation at the top of this page, or serendipitously move about - page to page with a sense of discovery. this will provide a good visual experience that  will quickly tell you if  would like to learn more. if it passes the test, dig a little deeper via “index” or one of the park maps where you will see the locations of various towns, villages, or explore other special places through lots of information and many beautiful images. must see sights include cadillac mountain, sand beach, thunder hole, and otter cliff. but there are also many hiking trails plus the famous carriage roads. if your interest is still growing, check out what accommodations are available at the main lodging page or some recreation at the activities page. 


returning visitors
the maine coast is in your blood to stay, and you want to explore it further. this is where acadia magic can be very useful. jump right in by printing pages and assembling them in a small pamphlet or booklet, your personal wish list or vacation itinerary. one of the best ways to start your journey is to use acadia magic as a virtual tour of the area so that you can decide how to get the most of your time while here. remember that acadia national park is just not on mount desert island. there is also a beautiful section on the mainland which often will have less people. many prefer its location and having open access at sunrise, mid-day, and during the sunset times. either will work just fine. consider showing family and friends your favorite places by sharing on your social network. enjoy and spread the news! 














author & photographer
simply put - i am a “mainer,” born and raised. my visits to bar harbor and acadia national park span over fifty years. yet, i am still discovering new places that i've never seen or been to. it is like that around here. one of the greatest pleasures i've had since first creating this resource guide was when i heard from a man in his eighties who had lived in northeast harbor many years earlier. he  wanted to thank me for the most wonderful half hour he had spent in many years. this is why i created this website. it was born of a deeply rooted love i have for the land, the sea, the mountains, and its people, and my desire to share its beauty with others. i refer to my images of the region as acadia magic. i truly hope that this is useful, and you find some pleasure here. if you do, please let others know about it and consider checking out those who have chosen to support these efforts by advertising on acadiamagic.com. 
 


additional information

contact
advertising rates
the story of acadia magic



user agreements

acadiamagic policies
user terms & conditions













© 2001, 2024 greg a. hartford, acadiamagic.com
    all rights are retained by the copyright and trademark owner.
    all other copyrights and trademarks are reserved by their respective holders. 








