






































homepage - olde mill inn











































book your stay
start planning your event





about us

history
gallery
local highlights


weddings

ballroom weddings
intimate grain house weddings
wedding specials


celebrations
meetings & corporate events

corporate events
team building experiences


 


lodging
grain house

menus
coppertop pub
executive chef
private events


events & offers
contact
 





charm & elegance
inn style
 begin your future surrounded by history
 







 

stay  lodging
elegant and cozy accommodations with a host of modern amenities at one of the most relaxing eco-friendly hotels.

read more >  






marry  weddings
view our spaces for intimate weddings, ballroom weddings, engagement parties, and other events.

read more >  









 

celebrate  social events
view our spaces for intimate weddings, ballroom weddings, engagement parties, and other events.

read more >  






meet  corporate events
explore our unique and multi-purpose spaces and discover how we can make your vision a reality.

read more >  









 

dine  historic grain house restaurant
enjoy lunch and dinner in a historic setting featuring original beamed ceilings, fireplaces, and warm rustic décor.

read more >  








start planning your event 








connect with an event planner
tell us your vision and we will help you choose the best space for your event.







come visit the property
tour the property and see your vision come to life.







enjoy your time!
our friendly staff will be there to serve you and your guests to ensure a wonderful experience for all.











testimonials
"charm and elegance at the olde mill inn"



the olde mill inn was the perfect wedding venue for us! it is a cozy space and has everything you need for a seamless wedding. we worked closely with lindsay, who gave us the first tour of the entire venue and helped us book our contract. she was incredibly kind and was always there to answer any and all questions that we had. closer to the wedding day, we worked with our maître d, david, who was outstanding! david took the time to go over every single detail of our wedding day and made sure that the day ran smoothly and that all of our ideas came to life. not only was he extremely helpful to my husband and i, but he also made sure that all of our family, friends and wedding vendors were happy and comfortable throughout the day. he was so patient with us and we truly appreciate all of his guidance and expertise. if you’re looking for a wedding venue that is cozy, has delicious food and wonderful staff members: this is the place for you!
—jenna (via google)
















gallery



menus



team building experiences









stay connected

sign up to receive exclusive offers, the latest news, and instant alerts on basking ridge vacation deals, promotions and interactive sweepstakes and giveaways.






email(required)


  

















 






our awards













the olde mill inn & grain house restaurant


catering menus
guest satisfaction survey
employment
privacy policy
 






225 route 202basking ridge nj  07920 t: 800-545-4461
t: 908-221-1100





				© 2025 all rights reserved. the olde mill inn and grain house restaurant.
			

david taylor digital | nj digital marketing





































