








watchman nee — a seer of the divine revelation










watchman neea seer of the divine revelation



 menu





home
life and ministry
testimonies

watchman nee's testimony
others' testimony


teachings

christian faith
major teachings
other crucial scriptural teachings


publications

collected works of watchman nee















previous slide
next slide






















watchman nee (1903-1972)
watchman nee became a christian in mainland china in 1920 at the age of seventeen and began writing in the same year. throughout the nearly thirty years of his ministry, watchman nee was clearly manifested as a unique gift from the lord to his body for his move in this age. in 1952 he was imprisoned for his faith; he remained in prison until his death in 1972. his words remain an abundant source of spiritual revelation and supply to christians throughout the world.

a brief timeline



1903
nee shu-tsu, whose english name was henry nee, was born of second-generation christian parents in foochow, china. his paternal grandfather studied at the american congregational college in foochow and became the first chinese pastor among the congregationalists in northern fukien province. nee shu-tsu was consecrated to the lord before his birth.




1920
at the age of seventeen and after considerable struggle, nee shu-tsu was dynamically saved while in high school. at the moment of his salvation, his plans for his future were entirely abandoned. he testified, “from the evening i was saved, i began to live a new life, for the life of the eternal god had entered into me.”




1922-1950
watchman nee’s rich ministry was the issue of both revelation and suffering. he carried out this ministry by preaching the gospel, teaching the bible, traveling, contacting people, corresponding with people, holding conferences, conducting trainings, and producing publications. his writings are contained in a set of sixty-two volumes, entitled the collected works of watchman nee, which span from his first publication in 1922 to his final recorded speaking in 1950.




1952-1972
following the takeover of china, watchman nee was arrested in march 1952 for the sake of the gospel. he was falsely condemned, judged, and sentenced to fifteen years’ imprisonment in 1956. he died in confinement on may 30, 1972.










©  living stream ministry. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.










