








realty advocates | serving the san francisco east bay since 1986 | realtor home sales
























































serving the san francisco east bay since 1986you'll be glad to have a realty advocate on your side510.867.9883




menu
skip to content

homefeatured listings
selling

achieving the highest price
what’s my home worth?
commissions
for sale by owner
local mls
broker’s tours


buying

the process
about the east bay
featured listings
local mls
sunday open house
broker’s tours
property alerts


agents

all agents
brett weinstein
jaime brunetti


about

philosophy
broker bio
testimonials
faqs


blog
contact



 






































a thousand oaks classic w/ membership to private san luis court park







tudor style with bay views in the north berkeley hills







elegant berkeley hills brown shingle







the historic "flagg cottage" by bernard maybeck







near indian rock in the north berkeley hills







a stunning craftsman brown shingle in the elmwood







a beautiful home plus two bonus spaces







an exceptional storybook home
























san francisco east bay real estate experts since 1986
real estate is most often the single biggest purchase or sale that any of us ever make. the issues at hand are at various times economic, emotional, marital, educational, legal, and occasionally moral. with what my clients have called “refreshing candor”, my team and i demystify the real estate process and help align a client’s goals, dreams and budget. and with our lower commissions, we are sensitive to cost and deliver a great value.
sincerely,
brett weinstein
broker and founder





quick search   loading...    property alerts create a custom search profile and be notified when new properties are listed.




berkeley’s murals 
over 80 large murals are painted around berkeley, and company founder, brett weinstein, has cataloged them all at his website, the murals of berkeley.
 






home
featured listings
selling
buying
agents
about
blog
contact
 
 welcome to realty advocates. we specialize in the most highly prized neighborhoods in the east bay:berkeley, albany, el cerrito, kensington, piedmont and much of oakland.

 ©2013-2025 realty advocates. all rights reserved. web services by perfectweb.





















