










home - westerville area chamber of commerce






















































  


















skip to content
























































 
directoryevents calendar music & arts festivalmembership join member benefits logo agreement program promote your business b2b discounts ribbon cuttings cost savings to youget involved chamber committee overview ambassador committee business advocacy council business inclusion & opportunity council leadership westerville women in business young leaders chamber awardsbusiness resources communicator newsletter business directory & community guide job postings workforce city permit applications community profile learning on-demand libraryour community important contacts health & wellness where to eat where to stay where to shop find a caterer realtors educationabout about the chamber board of trustees chamber staff contact us








 







 





welcome to the






westerville area chamber of commerce























business directory 
 
















join 
 
















events 
 
















login 
 












the westerville area chamber of commerce serves 770+ members representing various business and community interests. for over 55 years, chamber members have joined together to enhance the community's quality of life and the economic, civic and cultural growth of the westerville area. 

















mark your calendar






check our calendar for upcoming events! be sure to register using the links provided 
















quarterly membership luncheon 
upcoming expansion at john glenn columbus international airport
join us for an exclusive luncheon event featuring joe nardone, president and ceo of columbus regional airport authority.


learn more


 


















the hiring manager's guide to effective and compliant interviewing 
march 18 | 12-1:30 p.m.
this lunch and learn has been pre-approved for 1.5 hr (general) credit hours toward aphr®, aphri™, phr®, phrca®, sphr®, gphr®, phri™ and sphri™ recertification through hrci®.



learn more


 










upcoming community & chamber events



























new members
















facebook






westerville area chamber of commerce








brand video

































                                business to business discounts                             














                                job postings                             














                                committees                            














                                hot deals                             














                                promote your business                             














                                leadership westerville                             



















































 












© 2025 westerville area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












thank you to our workforce supporters!
























get in touch!













614-882-8917 










map




99 commerce park dr. westerville, oh 43082 














info@westervillechamber.com 













stay connected!









facebook





linkedin





instagram



















 © 2025 westerville area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















