

wendy warr & associates home page

























































welcome to thewendy warr & associateshome page
since january 1992, wendy warr & associates has been supplying business and competitive intelligence services to a broad spectrum of clients in the united states, europe, australia, the middle east, and asia. our success stems from our extensive network and our specialised market knowledge of chemical information, computational chemistry, drug discovery, cheminformatics, stm publishing, and scientific communication. pharmaceutical companies, venture capitalists, publishers, software companies, and scientific database producers have benefited from our expert counsel and services in recent years.

       		






















 





chemical information and computation 2024 number two. acs national meeting, denver, august 18-22, 2024
i am excited to announce that the latest issue in my renowned report series is now ready, and it is even bigger and better than the last issue. my reports are essential reading if you want to keep up to date with recent developments in cheminformatics and computational chemistry. as usual, i have transcribed technical presentations in detail, and have added value by including web links, expanding abbreviations, correcting errors, and carefully checking the literature references. license the current report and you will benefit from reading about machine learning and ai in chemistry, open-source cheminformatics, de novo drug design, chemical space visualization, reaction informatics, cheminformatics for food and natural products, and more.
the report starts with news of recent developments at over 50 organizations in the computational chemistry, cheminformatics, chemical information, and publishing markets, plus news about people and awards.
there will be no price increase. in fact, the price has been unchanged for many years and the 50% discount for academia and government continues. moreover, within large organizations, academic or industrial, multi-user licensees can share the report with hundreds, or even thousands of colleagues for little more than twice the basic price.
click here for the contents list.
order forms (pdf):
acs 2024 us order form in dollars
acs 2024 us academic order form in dollars
acs 2024 uk order form in pounds sterling
acs 2024 uk academic order form in pounds sterling
acs 2024 european order form in euros
acs 2024  european academic order form in euros
contact us for special offers, to get price details in other currencies or to request order forms for previous reports.
click here
              for contents list of the previous report




 





national institutes of health (nih) workshop on reaction informatics
my article with the above title is freely available at chemrxiv.
the virtual workshop took place on may 18-20, 2021. it was a follow-up from the december 2020 nih workshop on ultralarge chemistry databases.
                                        




 





report on an nih workshop on ultralarge chemistry databases
my article with the above title is freely available at chemrxiv.
there were about 30 speakers. in order to reduce the report to a reasonable length, there is less detail than there is in my acs meeting reports but i have included 167 references for readers who want greater depth. 
                                        




 





ai4sd reports
freely available on the university of southampton institutional repository are: 
ai in drug discovery & drug safety workshop 2019 .
ai for reaction outcome and synthetic route prediction conference 2020.
ai4sd conference report 2022.





 





wendy warr has won the acs division of chemical information 2020 herman skolnik award
see the accolade here.
click here for the report on the symposium.



 





one million crystal structures: a wealth of structural chemistry knowledge
a symposium held by the acs division of chemical information at the fall acs national meeting in san diego on august 27-28, 2019
a report by wendy warr can be downloaded.



 





wendy warr on twitter
follow wendy warr on twitter: @wendyannewarr



 





legacy of eugene garfield: from the chicken coop to the world wide web
gene garfield left a legacy far beyond the concept of citation indexing and bibliometrics, and the ideas that he developed during the latter half of the last century continue to fuel advances in cheminformatics and information science. see the freely available report by wendy warr on a symposium presented at the 255th acs national meeting and exposition in new orleans, la, on march 19, 2018.

                                         



 





herman skolnik award symposium
please click on the following links to see the free reports by wendy warr.
2019: honouring kimito funatsu.
2018: honouring gisbert schneider.
2017: honouring david winkler.
2016: honouring stephen bryant and evan bolton.
2015: honouring jürgen bajorath.
2014: honouring engelbert zass.
2013: honouring richard d. (dick) cramer.
2012: honouring henry rzepa and peter murray-rust.
2011: honouring prof. alexander (sandy) lawson. information services in chemical sciences: perspectives





 





contacting wendy warr & associates
wendy warr &  associates,
                                        6 berwick court,
                                        holmes chapel,
                                        cheshire, cw4 7hz,
                                        england.
                                        tel and fax +44 1477 533837
                                        email: wendy@warr.com
                                        twitter: @wendyannewarr
                                        vat number gb: 611 3911 77
                                        






this site last updated 17th february 2025. created and maintained by aletia ray. please email aletia directly if you have problems with any of the links. please email dr. wendy warr regarding the content of this page.data on this page © wendy warr & associates.





