


uncle remus











 





uncle remus initiates the little boy
the wonderful tar-baby story
why mr. possum loves peace
how mr. rabbit was too sharp for mr. fox
the story of the deluge, and how it came about
mr. rabbit grossly deceives mr. fox
mr. fox is again victimized
mr. fox is “outdone” by mr. buzzard
miss cow falls a victim to mr. rabbit
mr. terrapin appears upon the scene
mr. wolf makes a failure























mr. fox tackles old man tarrypin
the awful fate of mr. wolf
mr. fox and the deceitful frogs
mr. fox goes a-hunting, but mr. rabbit bags the game
old mr. rabbit, he’s a good fisherman
mr. rabbit nibbles up the butter
mr. rabbit finds his match at last
the fate of mr. jack sparrow
how mr. rabbit saved his meat
mr. rabbit meets his match again
a story about the little rabbits
mr. rabbit and mr. bear
























mr. bear catches old mr. bull-frog
how mr. rabbit lost his fine bushy tail
mr. terrapin shows his strength
why mr. possum has no hair on his tail
the end of mr. bear
mr. fox gets into serious business
how mr. rabbit succeeded in raising a dust
a plantation witch
“jacky-my-lanteern”
why the negro is black
the sad fate of mr. fox




















 






plantation proverbs
his songs (10)
a story of the war
his sayings (21)















 



his songs




revival hymn
camp-meeting song
corn-shucking song
the plough-hands’ song
christmas play-song
plantation play-song
a plantation chant
a plantation serenade
the big bethel church
time goes by turns
 

















 



his sayings




jeems rober’son’s last illness
uncle remus’s church experience
uncle remus and the savannah darkey
turnip salad as a text
a confession
uncle remus with the toothache
the phonograph
race improvement
in the role of a tartar
a case of measles
the emigrants


















 



his sayings




as a murderer
his practical view of things
that deceitful jug
the florida watermelon
uncle remus preaches to a convert
as to education
a temperance reformer
as a weather prophet
the old man’s troubles
the fourth of july
 
















  





analysis to stories (7)
editor's prefaces (5)
contemporary reviews (5)
biography of joel chandler harris 
bibliography 
the uncle remus museum 
about this site 


























































































 
on july 20, 1879 an undersized thirty-year-old journalist from atlanta known as joe harris 
                began a journey from relative obscurity to interregional fame. on that day, the atlanta 
                constitution published the young copy editor's "story of mr. rabbit and mr. fox as told by 
              





                uncle remus." within months, magazines across the country were reprinting his tales, and
                after more than 1,000 written requests for a collection, the first uncle remus book was published in 
                november, 1880.   
               

                at the time, harris said his purpose was not ethnology, or folklore analysis, but simply documentation. 
                he doubted that his stories and character sketches would have any lasting historical value. he was wrong.   
                uncleremus.com is an attempt to reintroduce harris' tales, and his legendary narrator, while placing them 
                in a historical context. the primary sources and commentaries we offer hopefully will shed light on 
                harris' purpose in publishing his stories and the public response to both his remus tales and his other 
                works. they will make observations about post-civil war black culture, and southern society in general, 
                using the stories and the reactions they engendered as points of reference.
               






































 









35 complete stories  |  songs, sayings and proverbs  |  research & more  |  bookstore  |  gift shop  join the uncle remus yahoo! group  |  contact us  |  home


© copyright 2015 uncleremus.com all rights reserved.





