







sara health = stress free rtm







































































0








        skip to content
      
























        roi
      



        blog
      


app login



        get sara
      
















open menu
close menu




























        roi
      



        blog
      


app login



        get sara
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  roi
                





                  blog
                



app login




                  get sara
                






























improve patient outcomes while increasing reimbursement. 
fight declining reimbursement with remote therapeutic monitoring (rtm) while improving your patient outcomes with sara health.











































who’s paying for rtm?
our customers have been reimbursed by medicare and a variety of commercial insurances, including united, bcbs, and aetna
















hear from leaders like you

 

























how it works

 











enroll patients in seconds
use the sara platform for patient communication, not your personal cell phone or email to eliminate disruptive communications















patient receives automated text messages
based on your clinic’s and patient’s needs, sara sends your patients daily check-in messages tailored to their care-pathway to track their progress on their care plan. no app download required!















bill for rtm with ease
we provide the justification so you can copy and paste into your emr for reimbursement







































simpler through integrations
our customers have simplified their workflow through integrations with various browser-based electronic medical record systems





























value to clinic owners, clinicians, and patients













connect with your patients
with sara health the need for clinicians to give out their personal number or email is gone, clinicians define the patient pathway during enrollment and sara “starts” the conversation each day by asking for the data point the clinician wants. all responses flow into a singular portal resulting in fewer disruptive phone calls, emails, and text messages with clinicians deciding when to review, and if necessary, intervene.additionally, sara is yours to define to your patients with many practices choosing to call sara their “connect”, “patient support copilot”, or “relationship operting system” offering. 















increase revenue
sara automates patient engagement and, with a 65% average engagement rate, reliably meets the engagement requirements for clinicians to bill for the new (as of 1/1/22) remote therapeutic monitoring cpt codes so clinicians can get paid $60+ per patient per month for activities they are already doing. 















improve patient experience
help patients increase their adherence and increase their knowledge of their own movement health issues by asking them to engage with sara (as simple as texting back and forth) daily, our clinicians say sara helps “get to the next level of depth” during appointments making visits more valuable to the patient and clinician.















our commitment
sara health has signed the american physical therapy association digital transparency pledge, illustrating our commitment to the fact that digital "physical therapy" services are only performed or directed by licensed physical therapists in accordance with all regulations and apta’s standards of practice for physical therapy.















orcha rated the sara health platform a remarkable 84%.
we take provider satisfaction and patient safety very seriously, and we are grateful to see our passion reflected in such a high score.





























dive in deeper















the dave kittle showcheck out our interview with dave kittle here















grow your practice podcastcheck out our interview with chad madden here 















the better outcomes showcheck out our interview with rafi salazer here






















































testimonials   get sara   privacy policy



sara health inc © 2024




















