






the calpro group 












































the calpro group 



home


covid-19 mitigation



services
conference, tradeshow and special events management
hospitality event staffing
security & safety management
full-service entertainment management



about us
our team
notable clients
notable events
cities and locations
testimonials


upcoming events


jobs


contact us















home/
covid-19 mitigation/
services/conference, tradeshow and special events managementhospitality event staffingsecurity & safety managementfull-service entertainment management
about us/our teamnotable clientsnotable eventscities and locationstestimonials
upcoming events/
jobs/
contact us/



















your vision is our creation











home/
covid-19 mitigation/
services/conference, tradeshow and special events managementhospitality event staffingsecurity & safety managementfull-service entertainment management
about us/our teamnotable clientsnotable eventscities and locationstestimonials
upcoming events/
jobs/
contact us/













the calpro group (tcg) offers 25 years of experience in providing full-service consulting and management for a wide range of events, from balls and galas to trade shows and conferences. guided by our client's goals and vision, we use our extensive knowledge of venues, our expertise in contract negotiation, and our impeccable service and skill to create successful and memorable events. we also provide support services to event management companies locally and nationwide. we look forward to bringing your vision to life!





























general event managementour general services include pre- and post-logistical planning, budgeting and financial evaluation, marketing and promotions strategy, exhibit development, site venue selection, food and beverage management, translation, and more.













safety & security managementwe provide uniformed and armed/unarmed special police officers that are trusted and professionally trained for all types of events. 













entertainmentmanagementwe offer entertainment options for any event or occasions including bands, speakers, celebrities, motivational speakers, visual artists, dancers, comedians, karaoke, and more.













hospitalitystaffing to ensure that your event is successful and pleasing to your guests, we provide food and beverage events management including creative and cost-effective menu planning, catering arrangements and related support services.

 


“the calpro group are proven assets to our company. with their wide range of event experience we have retained them not only to assist on major events here at the riverside but also for new employee training insuring our clients that they will receive the finest service available.”

— joe floreano, cfe, executive director, past president iaam, rochester riverside convention center

 


“the calpro group continues to exceed our expectations and serve as great partners in producing our events. at our trade show, e|5: uv & eb technology expo & conference the support the offered to our exhibitors and technical conference attendees proved to be invaluable. the calpro group really plays a vital role in our success because of their dedication and ability to execute effectively. i look forward to continuing to produce great trade shows and conferences with the support and enthusiasm of the calpro group.”

— mickey m. fortune senior director, marketing & business development radtech international – the association for uv & eb technology




“calpro security service is flexible, reliable and effective. we look forward to future opportunities to work with them again. ”

— jennifer hoff vice president international llc



read more testimonials



are you planning an amazing event? let us help!










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              company
              
            




              email address
              
                *





              tell us about your event
              
            






thank you!










 


 




the calpro group6323 georgia avenue nw #56164washington, dc 20040

 

office: 202-409-4496fax: 202-403-3444services@thecalprogroup.com 

 



 



