



















medigap | compare supplemental medicare plans | medigap.com
















 









skip to content
















using the click to call button will connect you to a licensed insurance agent






call for free quotes:


(833) 972-1339





a licensed insurance agent will answer your call




original medicare

toggle dropend


medicare parts

toggle dropend


part a
part b
part c
part d


medicare costs
medicare enrollment periods
medicare by state


medicare supplements

toggle dropend


medigap plans

toggle dropend


plan g
plan n
plan f
high deductible plan f
high deductible plan g
plan k
plan l
plan m
plan a
plan b
plan c
plan d


medigap open enrollment
medigap by state
medigap by carrier


medicare advantage

toggle dropend


plan types

toggle dropend


ppo plans
hmo-pos plans
hmo plans
pffs plans
snp plans
mapd plans


medicare advantage enrollment periods

toggle dropend


icep
aep
maoep


advantage by state
advantage by carrier


medicare part d

toggle dropend


donut hole
part d by state
part d by carrier


faqs

toggle dropend


general medicare
medicare coverage
medicare supplements
medicare advantage
medicare part d


about

toggle dropend


blog
contact us


quotes
 










find your 2025 medicare plan
easy. effective. get coverage that's right for you
find coverage that's right for you








								get free quotes							


no obligation to enroll!



a+ rating more than 3 million customers served since 2013.












medicare supplement







medicare part d







medicare advantage




a+ rating more than 3 million customers served since 2013.





understanding the benefits of supplemental medicare insurance
four important points to help you choose!






1




medigap.com is free to use
it doesn't cost anything to get a quote and there is no obligation to apply!






2




we help you save time
compare your medicare options in just a few minutes. 






3




plan recommendation
we recommend a plan based on your location and needs.






4




talk to a licensed sales agent
our licensed insurance agents will help you find a plan that meet your financial and medical needs.









frequently asked questions

have questions?  we’ll help you understand

have questions? we’ve got you covered!








												what is medigap insurance?											



when you become eligible for medicare, you'll enroll in parts a & b. medicare covers most of your basic hospital and doctor expenses, respectively. unfortunately, "most" does not mean "all". the expenses which medicare does not cover - sometimes referred to as "gaps" in coverage - are what medigap insurance protects you from. medigap, or medicare supplements, is a private plan designed to fill in the gaps in original medicare coverage. 





												where do i purchase medigap insurance?											



you, as a consumer, have a variety of options. while some prefer to look up nearby agents, the truth is that you'll get the best deal by doing your research and shopping around online. with the power of the internet, you can get more and better offers from several major companies who are all competing for your business.you could contact each and every individual agency by yourself and spend hours filling out the same redundant online forms for quotes, or you can let us do all of the busy work for you. compare medicare plans by state or by the carrier. simply fill out our online quote form today. 





												who's eligible for medigap insurance?											



anyone who's eligible for medicare and enrolled in part a & part b is eligible for medigap insurance. once you're part b goes into effect, or you know your part b effective date, you can enroll in a medigap plan. 







												how medigap plans save you money											



medigap plans make you're out of pocket medical costs predictable. giving you peace of mind knowing your finances are protected from unexpected medical bills. with medigap plans, you'll only have to worry about the monthly premium. the costs outside your monthly premium are very minimal. your cost-sharing could even be zero depending on the letter plan you enroll in. 





												when can i enroll in medigap insurance?											



the best time to enroll in a medigap plan is during your medigap open enrollment period. this is a one-time 6-month enrollment window where you can enroll in any letter plan you choose without having to go through medical underwriting. medigap plans do not come with an annual enrollment period. you can enroll in a plan at any time of the year. if you're outside your open enrollment window, you can still enroll. you'll just have to answer health questions during the enrollment process. 





												how much is medigap insurance?											



medigap plans are standardized by the federal government. this means the benefits remain the same per letter plan regardless of what state you live in. the only states that have their own medigap plans include massachusetts, wisconsin, & minnesota. the only thing that changes from state to state is the monthly premium. you may pay more or less for the same benefits in one state compared to another. that's why it's important to work with a licensed medicare agent. they can help compare all letter plans will all carriers in your area to get you the lowest premium without sacrificing benefits. 





see all questions 




how medicare works
medicare is made up of four parts that you can choose from to fit your needs. here’s an overview of how each of these parts work together.









part a


hospital & inpatient

hospital-related coverage
emergency care
skilled nursing
home health services
hospice



learn more










part b


doctors & medical

doctor's office visits
laboratory services
durable medical equipment
mental health services
outpatient and ambulatory services



learn more










part c


medicare advantage

lower monthly premium costs
can only use in-network doctors and hospitals, and referred specialists
no coverage outside of local service area
costs and coverage can change each year



learn more










part d


medicare prescription drug coverage

part a + part d
part a + part b + part d
part a + part b + supplement + part d
an advantage plan that includes part d



learn more










medigap


also called medicare supplements

lower (or no) out-of-pocket costs
more choices in doctors, hospitals
costs and coverage never change
coverage while you travel



learn more






there are dozens of private carriers that offer medicare plans you could choose from. at medigap, we compare a select group of medicare advantage, medicare supplement, and part d prescription drug plans for you at no cost. we do all the legwork, helping to save you time and money.


learn more medicare plans




there are dozens of private carriers that offer medicare plans you could choose from. at medigap, we compare a select group of medicare advantage, medicare supplement, and part d prescription drug plans for you at no cost. we do all the legwork, helping to save you time and money.


learn more medicare plans






recently written by our team








news





updated:  october 17, 2023  

how much is medicare going up in 2024

medicare, the federal insurance for citizens over 65 and some with disabilities, often adjusts for sustainability. in 2024, it’s vital for beneficiaries to know the updates to medicare part b costs. this article covers these changes based on the most recent official cms announcements. the 2024 medicare part b monthly premium the medicare part b


read more








lifestyle





updated:  october 12, 2023  

how medicare beneficiaries use technology to improve their lives

in the fast-paced digital landscape, medicare beneficiaries, like you, are harnessing the power of technology to make your lives more convenient and connected. let’s explore how you can use technology to enhance your quality of life. technology medicare beneficiaries use for healthcare medicare beneficiaries have embraced technology to revolutionize their healthcare experience. telehealth, in particular,


read more








resources





updated:  october 11, 2023  

medicare’s aep: key mistakes to avoid

as the leaves change and the air turns crisp, it’s time to prepare for a crucial season with nothing to do with the weather – the medicare fall annual enrollment period (aep). this period, from october 15 to december 7, allows medicare recipients to change their healthcare coverage. however, navigating this period can be complex,


read more





medigap articles
how medicare beneficiaries use technology to improve their lives
medicare’s aep: key mistakes to avoid
5 essential tips for snowbirds: mastering the seasonal migration
preparing for the medicare 2024 aep

visit our medicare faqs


















questions?

                                        speak with an expert
                                        
(833) 972-1339







insurance quoteshealth insurance
life insurance
final expense insurance
 

home
faqs
contact us
sitemap
 




questions?

                                        speak with an expert
                                        
(833) 972-1339



























trustpilot




                                                        medigap.com is privately owned and operated by excel impact, llc. invitations for applications for insurance on medigap.com are made through flex rates, llc, a subsidiary of excel impact, only where licensed and appointed. flex rates licensing information can be found here. submission of your information constitutes permission for a licensed insurance agent to contact you with additional information about the cost and coverage details of health plans. descriptions are for informational purposes only and subject to change. insurance plans may not be available in all states. for a complete description, please call  (tty users: 711) to determine eligibility and to request a copy of the applicable policy. medigap.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the united states government or the federal medicare program. medicare supplement insurance plans are not connected with or endorsed by the u.s. government or the federal medicare program. not all plans offer all benefits. availability of benefits and plans varies by carrier and location. deductibles, copays and coinsurance may apply. limitations and exclusions may apply. participating sales agencies represent medicare advantage [hmo, ppo and pffs] organizations and stand-alone pdp prescription drug plans that are contracted with medicare. enrollment depends on the plan’s contract renewal. we do not offer every plan available in your area. currently we represent [73] organizations which offer [5110] products in your area. please contact https://medicare.gov , 1–800–medicare, or your local state health insurance program (ship) to get information on all of your options. the purpose of this communication is the solicitation of insurance. contact will be made by a licensed insurance agent/producer or insurance company. enrollment in a plan may be limited to certain times of the year unless you qualify for a special enrollment period or you are in your medicare initial election period. by using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the terms of service. and privacy policy.
we are committed to protect your privacy. if you do not want to share your information please click on do not sell my personal information for more details.  
















copyright © 2022 medigap.com | all rights reserved



united states






copyright © 2022 medigap.com. all rights reserved. 







united states




                                    follow us on:                                                                        
























get a free medicare quote






                            get free quotes
                        




call now (833) 972-1339










            get free quotesno obligation to enroll!















