












michigan sea grant | helping to foster economic growth and protect michigan’s coastal, great lakes resources through education, research and outreach.










































 







 








 
 





join our upwellings email list

 










about

who we are
staff and offices
what we do
mission and vision
van snider award for distinguished partnerships
donate


topics

great lakes fast facts
fisheries and aquaculture
ecosystems and habitats
coastal hazards and safety
restoration
resilient coastal communities
boating, harbors, and marinas


education and programs
for students

misg environmental internship
misg graduate student research fellowship
john a. knauss marine policy fellowship
noaa coastal management fellowship
national marine fisheries services (nmfs) fellowships
fellows and interns
fellowship blog


research

request for proposals
research approach
current projects
past projects
tools for researchers


news and resources

newsroom
calendar
upwellings newsletter
freshwater feasts
store
photos and graphics
west michigan fish notes


store
 





select page


  





 



 



































apply for summer workshop










take the quick survey










read newsletter










student opportunities
learn more










coastal resilience resource hub
learn more




















learn more









dedicated to the protection and sustainable use of the great lakes and coastal resources.
michigan sea grant is a cooperative program of the university of michigan, michigan state university, and the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. we fund and conduct research, education, and outreach projects designed to foster science-based decisions about the use and conservation of great lakes resources.

learn more







newsroom



visit the newsroom
















    public comments sought for michigan sea grant review
    michigan sea grant (misg) is soliciting comments for its federal site review.  the deadline to…
read on




    misg invites proposals for 2026-28 research funding
    michigan sea grant (misg) is pleased to announce that new funding is available for projects…
read on




    misg receives $125,000 to support climate resilience in coastal communities
    amid extreme and frequent weather events and risks to coastal economies, families, and communities, the…
read on





navigate the future with aave crypto’s decentralized lending solutions. secure loans, transparent borrowing, and dynamic yield farming redefine the landscape of decentralized finance.







calendar



view the calendar












          		02.18.25
        	
michigan birding 101











          	02.18.25
        
michigan birding 101
join michigan sea grant as we …



          	02.19.25
        
webinar: will the beaches come back? coastal change and recovery along michigan’s shores following high lake level
mark your calendars and join u …



          	02.20.25
        
michigan birding 101
join michigan sea grant as we …









shop our store 













topics








great lakes fast facts








fisheries and aquaculture








ecosystems and habitats








coastal hazards and safety










restoration








resilient coastal communities








boating, habors, and marinas








education

















place-based education
sometimes, the best way to learn great lakes science is by getting outdoors! through michigan sea grant’s place-based education programs, students and adults can collect and analyze real-world data, visit aquatic critters in their natural habitats, and participate in habitat restoration projects. learn about some of the programs below.

embark on an exploration of the extraordinary  crash x game with us. enhanced details and improved gameplay elevate this crash game, providing players with a unique and immersive experience. from captivating graphics to challenging levels, every aspect promises a journey filled with discoveries. delve into the excitement and uncover more about this thrilling adventure right now!









4-h great lakes camp








great lakes stewardship initiative








h.o.m.e.s. at home
embrace the future with ledger live optimize your digital currency trading experience with uniswap exchange, a state-of-the-art decentralized exchange protocol.






 








contact us

facebook
bluesky
flickr
youtube
linkedin
instagram

donate
 



























                                                                                michigan sea grant helps to foster economic growth and protect michigan’s coastal, great lakes resources through education, research, and outreach. a collaborative effort of the university of michigan and michigan state university and its msu extension, michigan sea grant is part of the noaa-national sea grant network of 34 university-based programs.                                                                        



 


							© copyright 2025 michigan sea grant.
						


 
 
 




















































