








home - kadex aero supply - aircraft parts & service

















































































 













						toll free : 


call now




						international: 


call now






						after hours & aog: +1 888 523 3988 ext 122
					







 





 





 toll free:
							
							+1 888 523 3988
						


  international:
							
							+1 705 742 9725
						


 after hours & aog:
							
							+1 888 523 3988 ext 122
						











home 
parts & supplies 
repair & overhaul 
services 
company

careers

why kadex? 


tradeshows & events 
resources, forms & catalogs 
news 


clearance 
contact 
 



















 









 












 



 



 


learn more 
							kadex aero supply stocks superior air parts replacement cylinders and engines parts. superior air parts is the world’s leading manufacturer of faa approved replacement parts for lycoming and continental aircraft engines. all of their faa approved pma parts are engineered and manufactured using the latest designs, materials and production technologies. 
 
							 


kadex is your go to supplier for all aviation lighting needs from whelen aerospace technologies.       as the led upgrade experts, we offer suitable upgrades for a variety of aircrafts such as landing & taxi lights, anti collision beacons, wingtip, tail lights, upper/lower beacons, interior and much more! 
							learn more 
							 
























wing and prop de-ice boots
when it comes to reliable ice protection, kadex aero supply has you covered with ice shield prop and wing de-ice boots, providing top-tier performance to keep your aircraft safe and ice-free during the harsh winter months.
learn more

















20ah ground power unit (gpu)
the 20ah startstick is a lightweight, portable ground power unit (gpu) designed for ramp, hangar, and off-airport operations. it provides reliable power for both fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters, offering up to 3 to 4 engine starts per charge. the startstick is the ideal solution for on-the-go aircraft power needs, available at kadex!
learn more













king air flap roller upgrade kit
new king air flap roller upgrade kits are now in stock at kadex aero supply, providing a proactive, maintenance-free solution that enhances performance and reduces long-term maintenance costs.
learn more























subscribe to our newsletter
name



email address



company





leave this field empty if you're human: 
stay connected 
twitterfacebooklinkedininstagramyoutubenews

new bc 1500 battery charger and ba 1500 battery analyzer
january 20, 2025
we are excited to announce the launch of two cutti...


2024 spring featured products flyer
may 9, 2024
get spring-ready with part and supplies readily av...


kadex aero supply announces new partnership, appointed as distributor for champion aerospace
may 16, 2023
kadex aero supply announces new partnership, appoi...


fall 2022- featured products flyer
november 10, 2022
kadex aero supply is here to help you get your air...


spring 2022 featured products flyer
may 1, 2022
get spring-ready with part and supplies readily av...

about us kadex has the parts, supplies and repair and overhaul capabilities when you need it. kadex is an aircraft parts supplier specializing in oem and pma parts.
kadex represents over 70 different manufacturers and has over a 200,000 parts on the shelf across 3 location. with specializing in faa pma parts kadex can help operators and maintenance organizations reduce maintenance costs significantly. we can ship same day, we offer 24/7 aog services, plus we have a long list of overhaul repair capabilities all with competitive pricing.
click here for more.

company info
tradeshows & events
resources, forms & catalogs
return policy
careers
contact
peterborough (headquarters)925-211a airport road,peterborough, on, canada k9j 0e7toll free(canada & usa)+1 888 523 3988international  +1 705 742 9725 after hours & aog  +1 888 523 3988 ext 122calgary1011 57th avenue n.e. unit #135,calgary, alberta, canada t2e 8x9main+1 403 250 5241



kadex aero supply ltd. 2022 © all rights reserved.



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept











 
 































