


northeast tactical, inc.




northeast tactical, inc.
66 belmont dr
merrimack, nh 03054
603-493-0849

email: salesinfo@northeasttactical.com




one point slings
single point v slings
single point molle slings
two point rapid adjustable sling
sling adapter plates
elastic weapon catch




we have updated our contact number to 603-493-0849. 

northeast tactical was created to provide a quality, affordable, american made slings and gear to the military, police and the shooting sports.

we have been contacted about products with our label that are being sold on ebay. we do not have an ebay account nor sell on that platform. some of our dealers do sell on ebay. if you are purchasing a new item, confirm that it is from one of our dealers before completing the purchase to make sure you get a genuine northeast tactical product.







please visit our youtube page for video of some of our products.

 



northeast tactical, inc. was created to bring quality products to the emergency services at affordable prices . 
our lines of manufactured products include rifle slings designed for tactical applications. these include:
single point sling:
made from 1 1/2 inch nylon webbing. our one point tactical sling attaches to the weapon on an installed mount, either factory or after market. mounts near hand grip, creating a more natural feeling pivot point and reduced chances of entanglement. price: $28.95.

  
single point elastic cord sling:

made from 1 1/inch nylon webbing, our elastic cord sling is similar to our single point sling with a twist. it has a section of heavy duty elastic cord near the mount. this allows the sling to be carried close to the body while maintaining the ability to quickly shoulder the weapon. good choice for fitting over body armor or thick clothing. single point elastic cord attachment points are a standard trigger snap price: $42.95.


single point elastic cord, snap hook

1 1/2 inch nylon webbing sling with attached elastic cord. 1 1/2 inch soft but durable nylon webbing. distributes weight better and helps limit chafing. snap hook connector creates a better, natural pivot point and limits material that can interfere with weapon. elastic cord allows weapon to be held close and extended to shoulder or transition. price: $45.95

single point elastic cord sling, snap shackle connector:
1 1/2 inch nylon webbing sling with attached elastic cord. 1 1/2 inch soft but durable nylon webbing. distributes weight better and helps limit chafing. single snap shackle connector give more natural pivot point and limits material that can interfere with weapon. snap shackle has locking bar to secure opening. pull pin releases lock to open. elastic cord allows weapon to be held close and extended to fire or transition. price: $45.95

  

 
single point elastic cord, mash hook.
 single point connector uses a mash (metal all purpose snap hook). two overlapping fingers, release by pressing middle section together. price: $45.95

 
  
 


single point elastic cord with quick detach mount. swiveling qd mount swivels and rotates to limit torque on weapon. easy push button connection and disconnection. price: 51.95

 

single point elastic cord, molle attachment:
 

our single point elastic cord, molle attachment is designed to attach to the rear of a vest or carrier with molle attachments. designed to attach to a section of molle behind the strong side and loops over the shoulder. price: $24.95
 







 

single point elastic cord v-sling
the single point v sling offers the user a static mount on vest or carrier. the v sling makes a single connect about mid-chest. transitioning to either strong or support side is quick and unencumbered by excess sling material.
we offer two version, one attaches to d rings on the shoulder, the other attaches to the back with molle attachments.
 

ec-v d ring price: $25.95
ec-v molle price: $31.95






two point sling:
the two point utility sling is designed to either clip onto an attachment near the handgrip/trigger mechanism, creating a more natural pivot point to the weapon and does not clutter weapon's controls. can also be clipped onto standard sling swivels to use as standard carry sling, or any combination of attachment points. length is adjustable.



two point rapid adjustable tactical sling
 

our latest sling, the tactical two point, has all the benefits of a three point sling (muzzle control, secure weapon carry) but eliminates the biggest problem (body loop getting hung up).
  

 

two point elastic cord, mash hook
two point sling made for 1 1/2 inch nylon webbing fully adjustable and two section of elastic cord to allow rapid shouldering and transitions.
 
  



sling adapter plate:
sling adapter plates create attachment points for a single or two point sling. we carry adapter plates for the m16/ar15 rifle and remington and mossberg shotguns.








elastic weapon catch
our elastic weapon catch gives options on securing a long arm when going hands free. no matter which sling is use, an unsecured weapon can swing uncontrollably, causing damage to the firearm or optics and creating an unnecessary hazard to user or those close by. we have several different options, depending on your needs and equipment.


elastic weapon catch loop and ball                                                                  elastic weapon catch molle                                                            elastic weapon catch wrap





 





shirt button microphone clip
our shirt button microphone holder attaches using a shirt button and will hold the microphone at mid-chest level. this allows easy use by either hand and allows to hear and talk without moving your head away from a threat.
price: $5.00
                                             




we accept credit cards (discover, visa, mastercard, and american express) paypal and personal or business checks. checks may be held until cleared. please call or fax for credit card orders.





dealer page added: we have a list of dealers that sell our slings. 





we can be contacted at:
66 belmont dr
merrimack, nh 03054
phone: (603)429-0004
fax: (603) 424-3265
email: salesinfo@northeasttactical.com 







