































home - wajax

















































































skip to content








loading data...
 
menumenucompany

about wajax

about wajaxour purpose & valuesour story 
environment, health & safety and sustainability

environment, health & safety and sustainabilitycommunitytraining and developmentdiversity and equal opportunityenvironmental responsibilitygovernance 
articlesnewscase studiesinvestor relationscareerslocationscontact usinformation for vendors
investor relationscareerslocations

français 
  

loading data...
 

français 
menumenuindustries

industrial and manufacturingenergy and renewablesminingconstructionforestryoil sandsmaterial handlingwarehouse solutionsfood and beveragemarineon-highway
equipment

new equipment

constructionmaterial handlingstorage equipmentpower generationcrane & utilityforestrymining & oil sandsengines & transmissions 
used equipmentrentalsequipment parts & support

partsconstruction partsmaterial handling partsindustrial productsproduct supporthydraulic cylinder exchange program 
brands
engineered repair services

engineered repair servicesenergy and renewablesindustrial & manufacturingmining & resourcesoil sands / oil & gasengineering capabilitiesmechanical solutionshydraulic solutionsprocess solutionselectromechanical solutionsrepair & servicesreliability services
industrial parts

bearingsbulk material handlingelectric motors & variable frequency drivesfiltrationfluid handlinghydraulicsinstrumentationthe safety and efficient function of your equipment depends on quality industrial instrumentation. measure, assess and control every process with dependable process control products from wajax. we offer first-class options for various instrumentation needs from the best manufacturers. better your automation efforts with pressure switches. discover safety concerns with industrial gas detectors. ensure the temperature is within your parameters with industrial rtd temperature sensors. find the field instruments you need to precisely determine force, flow, temperature, pressure, level, environmental safety, and much more. reach out to wajax’s experts to discuss your industrial instrumentation needs today.pneumaticschoosing quality pneumatic products to support your production is essential for many demanding industrial operations. improve safety, efficiency, cost of operation and power with the pneumatic products offered at wajax. you can find pneumatic fittings, tubes, valves, frl, cylinders and other components to fit into your system. also, rely on wajax to provide complete system engineering, technical support and more to fit your specific pneumatic needs. reach out to wajax to discuss your technical requirements and which pneumatic products you need to support your production.power transmissionppe & safety suppliessealing, belting, lubricants and hydraulic hose
 

search




menu button








 
 







search for:



 


industries

industrial and manufacturing
energy and renewables
mining
construction
forestry
oil sands
material handling
warehouse solutions
food and beverage
marine
on-highway


equipment

new equipment

construction
material handling
storage equipment
power generation
crane & utility
forestry
mining & oil sands
engines & transmissions


used equipment
rentals
equipment parts & support

parts
construction parts
material handling parts
industrial products
product support
hydraulic cylinder exchange program


brands


engineered repair services

engineered repair services
energy and renewables
industrial & manufacturing
mining & resources
oil sands / oil & gas
engineering capabilities
mechanical solutions
hydraulic solutions
process solutions
electromechanical solutions
repair & services
reliability services


industrial parts

bearings
bulk material handling
electric motors & variable frequency drives
filtration
fluid handling
hydraulics
instrumentation
pneumatics
power transmission
ppe & safety supplies
sealing, belting, lubricants and hydraulic hose


 menumenucompany

about wajax

about wajaxour purpose & valuesour story 
environment, health & safety and sustainability

environment, health & safety and sustainabilitycommunitytraining and developmentdiversity and equal opportunityenvironmental responsibilitygovernance 
articlesnewscase studiesinvestor relationscareerslocationscontact usinformation for vendors
investor relationscareerslocations 
 
 




 
1 877 go wajax



 
email



 
branches










 


 

 

 

 





 






wajax.
canadian through and through.
we were there at the birth of this nation and like this nation we have diversified and stretched from coast-to-coast.


find a branch






 
get toknow us
about wajax



 
join ourteam
see jobs



 
we’re hereto help.
contact us




today, we offer an extensive range of world class brands, products and services to support the industries that are at the very heart of the canadian economy – industries that build cities, power businesses, put roofs over people’s heads and food on tables.



world class brands & services
getting the job done often relies on having the right equipment, products, and team of people supporting you every step of the way.
that’s why we’re here to ensure you have everything you need to get the job done, from start to finish.
brands services
 







our people set us apart.
our people are the very heart of wajax. people who provide outstanding expertise and service, people who develop innovative engineered solutions and people who are dedicated to keeping canadian industry moving forward, whatever the challenge.









need help? talk to a wajax solutions expert.



 

							1 877 go wajax							




 
email



 
find a branch








company

about wajax
locations
investor relations

 

career

find a job

 

news & media

news
case studies

 

join our community




facebook





linkedin





twitter





youtube





instagram



 
 






français 

search




						\\ together we get more done.													tm





privacy
terms of use
terms and conditions of sale
cookie policy
site map
 
						© 2025 wajax limited. all rights reserved					

 








search for:



 



















