


the mars millennium project 2030 - artists, scientists, engineers and astronauts 








the mars millennium project 2030 - artists, scientists, engineers and astronauts



click 

        here to enter and picture the future... 

        

imagine tapping your creativity to build a mars colony in the year  2030...

dream of working with artists, scientists, engineers and astronauts to create the systems to make a mars mission go beyond a mere habitat... and become a true extraterrestrial community. a mars community designed by you!

         you're about to enter the mars millennium project 

          2030 artists, scientists, engineers and astronauts page. here you'll 

          see works of imagination by famous artists, and hear about their creative 

          process and their dreams for the mars 2030 colony.




but 

        artists aren't the only ones who need to tap their creativity to picture 

        the future on mars. scientists and engineers at nasa's jet propulsion 

        laboratory (jpl) meet in project teams to dream of space exploration of 

        the planets. the job of these jpl systems designers is to create the systems 

        necessary to keep the nasa astronaut planetary mission specialists alive... 

        and help them thrive. inside you'll see their works of creativity that 

        make space travel possible. 

        

finally, imagine yourself a nasa astronaut like john glenn or kathy sullivan... boarding a  planetary rocket to hurtle towards mars to build the first ever extraterrestrial community built by humans. like nasa astronaut sullivan, you'll need every creative urge tuned perfectly to bring your fellow nasa astronauts safely to mars and then even more creativity to brave the martian weather and build a lasting mars colony.

         now brave astronauts, fasten your seatbelts and prepare to enter a world of 

          creativity and imagination...enter the mars 

          millennium project 2030 artists, scientists, engineers and astronauts 

          page. 

         





the mars millennium project 2030 is a national arts sciences and technology education initiative sponsored jointly by nasa, nasa/jpl, the j. paul getty trust, the national endowment for the arts, the department of education,  and the white house millennium council.






imagine mars | 
        art/sci/astro entrance | visions | 
        artists | engineers & astronauts | 
        scientists | systems 








