




gunter's diverse homepages


gunter's diverse homepages
 .


that's me !
    gunter krebs, dipl.phys.
gunter krebs (gunter.krebs@skyrocket.de) 


gunter's
        space page:info on rockets, launch
        vehicles, satellites, astronauts.




  


gunter's ships of
        the us navy:info on the ship classes of
        the us navy since 1880: 
battleship, cruiser, carrier, monitor,
        destroyer, escort, patrol, subchaser, gunboat, auxiliary, landing ship, amphibious ships




  


gunter's
        uncommon steam locomotive page: info on
        exotic and uncommon steam locomotives




  


turba delirantium: high middle ages re-enactment (german language)






 
more interesting sites:

claudias kleiner zoo
    (claudia's little zoo) (german language)
info and photos of mammals, reptiles, insects and
    invertebrates.
claudias foto-seite (german language)
dlr-photos of animals, places, objects.
helmuth ringhandts website (german language)
information on the city of kiel, mac computing and photo impressions of frankfurt höchst, kiel, schleswig, travemünde, reit im winkl, usa and greece.

ig-apbt: interessengemeinschaft american pit bull terrier (german language)

pink cat: kawa versand
gbr.

strumpfwelten.de: der shop für strumpfhosen, strümpfe, leggings und alle
sonstigen arten von beinbekleidung



 

in memoriam
rufus
(rattus norvegicus, 2 1/2 years, 750 g)
 
disclaimer:
online-contents
the author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness,
completeness or quality of the information provided. liability claims regarding damage
caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is
incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. all offers are not-binding and
without obligation. parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers
and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author
without separate announcement.

referrals and links 
the author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages -
unless he has full knowlegde of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors
of his site from viewing those pages. if any damage occurs by the use of information
presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who
has linked to these pages. furthermore the author is not liable for any postings or
messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailinglists provided on
his page.

copyright 
the author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not
possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. the copyright for any
material created by the author is reserved. any duplication or use of such diagrams,
sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the
author's agreement. 

privacy policy 
if the opportunity for the input of personal or business data (email addresses, name,
addresses) is given, the input of these data takes place voluntarily. the use and payment
of all offered services are permitted - if and so far technically possible and reasonable
- without specification of any personal data or under specification of anonymizated data
or an alias. 

legal force of this disclaimer 
this disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were
referred from. if sections or individual formulations of this text are not legal or
correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact. 

third-party advertising 
we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. these companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp


