








 rinkers boat world - premier boat sales & service




























































read our google reviews
close






shop by brand

























call
(281) 847-0064


2500 w. mt. houston |

houston

tx

77038





 map







like rinker's boat world on facebook! (opens in new window)





like rinker's boat world on instagram! (opens in new window)





like rinker's boat world on youtube! (opens in new window)












toggle navigation
 
 
 




home

showroom

manufacturer info
all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
2024 year-end sales!
2024 pontoon sales event



get a quote
finance
value your trade
schedule a demo




contact us



reviews

read +reviews/testimonials
leave a google review
submit a review/testimonial


financing

services/parts

service department/appointment

parts department/request

fiberglass repair & detailing





dealer info

about us
map & hours

employment
contact us



customer corner


boat owner's guide

promotions & info
our boat brands
boat responsibly


event calendar
newsletter sign-up
read testimonials
submit a testimonial
photos


contact us

videos/blog

blog
videos






rinker's boat world 

2500 w. mt. houston |
 houston, tx 77038
us

phone: (281) 847-0064
email: sales@rinkersboatworld.com

fax:
			(281) 847-3449










good news, our manufacturers are going to extend our houston boat show deal$, pricing, extended warranties and incentives until february 28th. the best you will see all year what are you waiting for?good news, our manufacturers are going to extend our houston boat show deal$, pricing, extended warranties and incentives until february 28th. the best you will see all year what are you waiting for?
great news, sylvan extended the sylvan boat show boat warranty until february 28, 2025. sylvan limited lifetime warranty: 10 years not 6 years. limited lifetime warranty on deck, tubes, transom and structure. 10 year warranty on all components, flooring, upholstery and electronics. all parts and labor. also, receive additional warranty protection on all new yamaha engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited time great news, sylvan extended the sylvan boat show boat warranty until february 28, 2025. sylvan limited lifetime warranty: 10 years not 6 years. limited lifetime warranty on deck, tubes, transom and structure. 10 year warranty on all components, flooring, upholstery and electronics. all parts and labor. also, receive additional warranty protection on all new yamaha engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited time 
limited time $5,000 off on all new 2024/2025 moomba boats. limited time $5,000 off on all new 2024/2025 moomba boats. 
limited time 3 years free of recommended service or a $3,000 rebate on all new supra boats. limited time 3 years free of recommended service or a $3,000 rebate on all new supra boats. 
get an additional 2 year warranty protection on all new yamaha outboard engines that is 5 years of yamaha engine protection. limited time. new sylvan pontoons, sea hunt, starcraft and cobalt ob boatsget an additional 2 year warranty protection on all new yamaha outboard engines that is 5 years of yamaha engine protection. limited time. new sylvan pontoons, sea hunt, starcraft and cobalt ob boats
sea hunt center console boats—not only the #1 selling saltwater center console boat, but a favorite at the houston boat show. get yours while they last amazing prices and extended yamaha engine warranty on all new yamaha outboard engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited time sea hunt center console boats—not only the #1 selling saltwater center console boat, but a favorite at the houston boat show. get yours while they last amazing prices and extended yamaha engine warranty on all new yamaha outboard engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited time 
take advantage and save up to $5,600 to $3,300 on all harman kardon platinum sound packages until february 28, 2025. limited time, up to $68k off on 2024 cobalt boat models take advantage and save up to $5,600 to $3,300 on all harman kardon platinum sound packages until february 28, 2025. limited time, up to $68k off on 2024 cobalt boat models 
while they last, take advantage of a new boat, engine and trailer at one unbelievable price for all starcraft boats. deck and center console models to choose from. also, receive additional warranty protection on all new yamaha engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited timewhile they last, take advantage of a new boat, engine and trailer at one unbelievable price for all starcraft boats. deck and center console models to choose from. also, receive additional warranty protection on all new yamaha engines—get 5 years not 3 years. limited time
liberty edition—loaded with features, but not the cost. ask for detailsliberty edition—loaded with features, but not the cost. ask for details
one of the only family owned and operated, 5-star rated boat dealerships in texas that is know for excellent customer service and carries brands of boats that are best in class. pontoon, bowrider, deck, fishing, wakesurf and wakeboard boats to choose from. sylvan, cobalt boats, supra, moomba, starcraft and sea hunt boats. new and pre-owned boats for sale.one of the only family owned and operated, 5-star rated boat dealerships in texas that is know for excellent customer service and carries brands of boats that are best in class. pontoon, bowrider, deck, fishing, wakesurf and wakeboard boats to choose from. sylvan, cobalt boats, supra, moomba, starcraft and sea hunt boats. new and pre-owned boats for sale.
 rinker’s boat world has always stressed and promoted boating safety—this 2024 boating season, we are taking more of an active stance we are so excited to partner up with various, local organizations that provide, promote and educate individuals/boaters/families on boating safety & to boat responsonsibly. rinker’s boat world has always stressed and promoted boating safety—this 2024 boating season, we are taking more of an active stance we are so excited to partner up with various, local organizations that provide, promote and educate individuals/boaters/families on boating safety & to boat responsonsibly.








previous



pause



next













new
inventory








pre-owned
inventory








financing
application











featured video
view all videos













e- newsletter
sign-up today for special offers and
										news








demo a boat
click for info & scheduling









									customer
									



									testimonials
								
what our customers are saying












what our customers are saying







"will was a pleasure to work with!! answered every question honestly with no sale's pitch. purchasing and paperwork was breeze . highly recommend them for your next purchases."



 tony sumner 















"i looked at several dealerships prior to going to rinkers and without a doubt i made the right choice going to rinkers for my boat purchase. as soon as i walked in the door the entire staff was helpful and friendly with a no pressure approach. chris martin and jim grant were excellent to work with and i would highly recommend them and this dealership. 5 stars."



 ryan barton 















"great experience dealing with amy, jim, chris, and jerry. this is a family run operation and everyone is very personable. if you want great service, go to rinker's. i drove 5 hours and passed 2 sea hunt dealers based on testimonials and phone conversations i had with amy. thanks to all of you i now have a great boat!!"



 tommy martin 















"amy and cole have been available to answer every question or concern that we might of had about the boat b/c we are first time boat owners. they have come to our rescue when we needed help....they are great!"



 anonymous 
















previous



next




+ view all








boat world

where you mean the world to us
rinker's boat world has been a family owned and operated boat dealership in texas since 1978. your exclusive dealer for cobalt, supra, moomba, sylvan, starcraft, and sea hunt boats offering a great selection of fishing boats, wakeboard, wakesurf, cobalt surf, bowrider, deckboat and pontoon boats for sale. we are located 2 miles off i45 in north houston on w. mount houston rd, south of lake conroe and lake livingston. we offer boat service, parts, fiberglass repair, as well as financing. and visit our pro shop for all your boating accessories, including wakeboards, wake surfers, lifejackets, loading water pads, tow ropes and more! with over 45 years servicing the greater houston area, we look forward to providing you the most enjoyable experience for all your boating needs.
read more









contact us





2500 w. mt. houston |
houston, tx
								77038

 (281) 847-0064
map & directions
contact us







quick links





new inventory
pre-owned inventory
get financed
parts department
boat demos







hours





tue - fri 8:30am - 5:30pm
saturday 8:30am - 4:00pm
sun - mon closed






leave a review




like rinker's boat world on facebook!





subscribe to rinker's boat world on instagram!







newsletter
sign-up

subscribe to the rinker's boat world newsletter!





						voted one of the
					


						in north america
					








policy |
				privacy |
				terms |
				site map




copyright© 2025  dealer spike. all rights
					reserved




















































