


envocare provides information to encourage care for the environment












s

















 this is the information site that promotes care of the environment.






 












home
about & contact
naturalenvironment


the earth, flora & fauna
taj mahal, a love story
a frustrated squirrel


recycling andhazardous 
waste


domestic recycling


candle making
data protection


hazardous waste


plastics
batteries
broken arrow (nuclear)
rohs
nappies


a duty of care


electrics, 
phonescomputersand cartridges


europe, weeeand icer


weee
rohs


mobiles 
		andtelephones


mobile phones


printer cartridges
general electric& white goods
computers andperipherals


data protection




energy & ecology


global concerns


global warming
climate change
kyoto protocol

alternative energy
energy conservation
motor vehicles


vehicle pollution
lpg, lng and cng



renewable energy


overview
wind power
water power
solar energy
geothermal


nuclear energy
biomass
incineration
biodiesel
ethanol & methanol


fuel cells
condensing boilers
combined heat & power
stirling engine


composting


composting  & advice


composting  tips


wormeries & shredders


wormeries tips




ethical finance


ethical investment
ethical criteria
financial advisers
fund managers


environmentaleducation
charities & giving
archive


welcome to "envocare" ®, based in the uk.

 






    a pair of ducks enjoy this beautiful water feature in rhs wisley gardens:click for a full view.







 








 



the future for the uk economy and climate change is bleak. 


in the uk we have never been given any meaningful understanding of what brexit really means. however, as time passes it is becoming clearer that what we shall get will be to our considerable disadvantage. the european union is by no means perfect, particularly with the rise of extreme right influences in its membership, but on balance it would be better if we were to remain within the organisation both economically and morally. not only would we have immediate, significant benefits but would have some say in improving the community for the future. there can be little doubt that the process for our decision to leave was influenced by the action of individuals and concerns that lied and illegally manipulated data to deliberately change the outcome. as engineers we believe that if something is broken it needs to be fixed. the brexit referendum was savagely flawed and it must be repaired by allowing a democratic choice to reconsider the decision informed by a greater knowledge of what is at stake.


climate change is an international, existential threat and needs to be addressed as a vital necessity. the uk has little to be proud of in this context. it has tried to persuade europe to lower its sights on energy saving and that may well mean that the uk itself will aim to reduce targets for our nation. in 2015 support for solar power was cut significantly by the uk government. pretty well all energy schemes need subsidies to advance and continue. we seem to be set to expand nuclear power generation as a major contributor to green energy supply, at the expense of truly green energy systems. we could not disagree more with this policy since the evidence indicates that nuclear power is potentially very dangerous in the longer term and will reduce the momentum to develop clean energy efficiency.


our current prime minister (we won't mention the previous one) is at the centre of our problem. theresa may has weakened her position so that she is now in thrall to the privileged elite of her party and worse the so-called democratic unionist party in northern ireland. these players, who are not true representatives of the people, for they are all prejudiced outside the norms, have motives and exaggerated powers which are not for the good of our nation. maybe the pm would do better if she could but she is hog-tied by dint of her weakness and her own prejudices. over the pond things are just as bad, if not worse. the usa have elected a president who is a self declared climate-change denier and has a record of unbelievable, foolhardy, irresponsible crass behaviour.
	

why is it that at this time our democracies, of which we are proud, have resulted in the election of people who seem to behave like clowns, can be downright liars and who can do a u-turn on the head of a pin if it suits their own ends? unless there are significant changes in education and policies the future for the uk economy and global climate-change will certainly be bleak.












and in contrast something much lighter and topical:
a slide show of water lilies in the canal at rhs wisley. 
   these were photographed during july/august 2013 but a similar display can be seen this summer.
   click any image to start the slide show.

























galerie jquery lightbox by visuallightbox.com v5.6























		for previous slide shows, movies and galleries see the archive section in the navigation menu.
		
 


by gordon shaw.
		 


 
















 








 


 
search the envocare 
                site using simple keywords (not elaborate questions) 







                any word 
                
                all words 
                
                exact phrase  

remember, 
            just click on the envocare logos to return to this page.






 
 
 


click image to enlarge
 
 




 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
the envocare site is a 
      non-profit making project and aims to provide information and sources of 
      information, not to give recommendations. we try not to bother you with invasive 
      cookies, unasked for pop-ups or spyware, which may interfere with your privacy, 
      and we intend to minimise banners which may waste your time. however since we have started using google ® for our analytics and ads there will inevitably be some data gathering and visible adverts which are beyond our immediate control. we have our personal reservations about the google intrusions but we believe this has become part of the internet surfing experience and as far we can judge does not pose a threat to our visitors. if you believe differently then please let us know.


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
© copyright 2001-2018, envocare 
      ltd.
      envocare is a registered trade mark of envocare ltd.
      for legal matters see the section "about us & contact us".
      page originated: 20 july, 2001,  last updated: 
      28 may, 2018





