     edina cadillac dealer in edina mn | bloomington minneapolis richfield cadillac dealership minnesota                                                                        key cadillac              sales 800-235-3182    service 800-259-0867  parts 800-261-2942  finance & insurance 800-235-3182   6825 york ave sedina, mn 55435                 service        map        contact                          key cadillac                    call 800-235-3182   directions                 new   buy online   new cadillac inventory   new cadillac offers   explore our evs   reserve vehicles in production   courtesy vehicles   courtesy loaner offers   walk around videos   digital brochures   sell us your car   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   shop pre-owned models   pre-owned offers   pre-owned sedan offers   pre-owned suv offers   shop certified preowned   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned offers   what's my trade worth?   sell us your car   find my car     service & parts   schedule service   certified service   service & parts offers   order parts online   tire basics   accessories   cadillac premium pick up and delivery   onstar assistance	   gm accessories     specials   new cadillac offers   new ct4 offers   new ct5 offers   new escalade offers   new lyriq offers   new xt4 offers   new xt5 offers   new xt6 offers   pre-owned offers   service & parts offers   manufacturer specials     finance   finance department   apply for financing   privacy policy   what's my trade worth?   benefits of financing   benefits of leasing   cadillac protection     about us   why key cadillac   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   career technician                      new   buy online   new cadillac inventory   new cadillac offers   explore our evs   reserve vehicles in production   courtesy vehicles   courtesy loaner offers   walk around videos   digital brochures   sell us your car   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   shop pre-owned models   pre-owned offers   pre-owned sedan offers   pre-owned suv offers   shop certified preowned   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned offers   what's my trade worth?   sell us your car   find my car     service & parts   schedule service   certified service   service & parts offers   order parts online   tire basics   accessories   cadillac premium pick up and delivery   onstar assistance	   gm accessories     specials   new cadillac offers   new ct4 offers   new ct5 offers   new escalade offers   new lyriq offers   new xt4 offers   new xt5 offers   new xt6 offers   pre-owned offers   service & parts offers   manufacturer specials     finance   finance department   apply for financing   privacy policy   what's my trade worth?   benefits of financing   benefits of leasing   cadillac protection     about us   why key cadillac   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   career technician               









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                             







specials










service




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
























         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory   
           
       

take the next step
look forward to a powerful yet comfortable drive every time you sit behind the wheel.







schedule test drive






certified pre-owned




 shop pre-owned & certified pre-owned cadillacs in edina, mn 
 in addition to our new vehicle inventory, key cadillac offers a diverse selection of pre-owned and certified pre-owned (cpo) cadillac cars and suvs. our pre-owned vehicles are carefully inspected to ensure they meet our high standards for quality and reliability. for added peace of mind, consider a certified pre-owned cadillac, which undergoes a rigorous 172-point inspection and comes with a 6-year/100,000-mile cpo limited warranty, 24/7 roadside assistance, and more. with our extensive inventory, you're sure to find the perfect pre-owned or certified pre-owned cadillac to fit your needs. search pre-owned
     




key cadillac


key cadillac, located in edina, mn, is committed to providing exceptional service to our customers. as a premier cadillac dealership, we offer a wide selection of new, pre-owned, and certified pre-owned cadillacs, as well as parts, tires, and accessories. our dedicated team is here to meet all your automotive needs, from sales to financing and service.

learn more about us










sales hours
     monday 9:00am - 6:30pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:30pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    
visit us


6825 york ave s, edina, mn 55435


hours & directions






     

find your cadillac
explore all inventory

     




find your personalized cadillac finance option at key cadillac


at key cadillac, we understand that
financing your dream vehicle is a crucial part of the car-buying process. our experienced financing team works with numerous local institutions to provide tailored financing solutions for our customers in edina, minneapolis, bloomington, golden valley, lakeville, and burnsville, mn. to expedite the process, simply fill out our online financing application, and we'll work diligently to get you behind the wheel of your desired cadillac as quickly as possible.




certified cadillac service at key cadillac in edina, mn

keep your cadillac running at peak performance with the help of our factory-trained technicians at

key cadillac's service center
 . from routine oil changes and tire rotations to more complex repairs, our skilled team is dedicated to maintaining the longevity and reliability of your vehicle. we use only genuine cadillac parts to ensure the best fit and performance for your car or suv.

schedule your next service appointment online
 , or call us at (800) 259-0867 for personalized assistance. we proudly serve cadillac owners in edina, golden valley, bloomington, lakeville, burnsville, and eden prairie.




your trusted cadillac dealership near edina, mn

when you shop for a new vehicle in edina, you’re looking for a cadillac dealership that you can trust and that has the model you want with a hassle-free car-shopping experience. key cadillac is proud to be one of the
best new and used car dealers in the edina, mn-area. our cadillac dealership offers a variety of new cadillac cars for sale and used vehicles for sale at affordable financing rates. in addition to helping you find the right new cadillac model for your daily drives, we also have a cadillac service center that is here to help you keep your cadillac running like new for mile after mile in minnesota. learn more about our new and used cadillac inventory below, or contact our sales or service teams to arrange a time for a visit! key cadillac also proudly serves edina, mn, and surrounding communities. start shopping by exploring current
new cadillac lease and finance specials on popular cadillac models.
looking for a used car for sale instead? browse current
used car offers and specials near edina. also, take a look at deals on key cadillac’s cadillac certified pre-owned cars for sale in edina, mn for affordable specials to fit your budget.




apply for a car loan in edina, mn

shopping at a new or used cadillac dealer doesn’t have to be a headache. at key cadillac we offer upfront, competitive pricing that eliminates the need for haggling and alleviates the stress associated with the car buying process. even better you can apply for financing online before you walk in the door with our
finance application tool. we also have
new cadillac offers and
used car offers to help drivers save even more on their cadillac purchases. if you’re looking to
value your trade-in, we have the extraordinary trade-in value tool that allows you to trade your vehicle in today for a new model with little or no money down. reach out to our sales team for additional information on this excellent trade-up program. have any questions about leasing vs. financing, obtaining a loan with bad credit, or how to get the application process started? don’t hesitate to call
(952) 920-4300 or visit our cadillac finance center online for more information.




schedule cadillac service & repair appointment in edina, mn

whether you need a routine oil change, battery inspection, tire rotation, or vehicle repairs, our cadillac service center has a team of factory-trained certified cadillac technicians working hard to ensure your vehicle is performing at its best on your work commute or daily chores around town. give our service center a call today at
(800) 259-0867 if you need assistance with your cadillac model or if you’re ready to
schedule a cadillac service appointment at our cadillac dealership near edina, mn. don’t forget to browse our
cadillac service offers to help you save on your next cadillac service appointment.




best place to sell my car?

key cadillac is the best place to buy your car in edina, mn. why? because our cadillac dealership will buy your car even if you don’t buy from us! sell your used car and use the extra cash as a down payment on a new cadillac car or suv at our edina car dealership. of course, there’s no obligation to buy a car from us when you sell to key cadillac. you can choose to pocket the cash or use it toward your next car purchase at our cadillac dealer. before you sell your vehicle, get your
trade-in value. then, when you’re ready, sell your car to our cadillac dealership in edina, mn!




visit our cadillac dealership today near edina, mn

if you’re ready to get behind the wheel of a new or used cadillac model, visit our edina dealership today! our friendly staff will help you find the new cadillac vehicle finance offer that’s right for your needs, and our cadillac financing team will help you find a lease or loan plan that will fit your budget. at key cadillac, we’re here to help you get behind the wheel of the right vehicle for you and your family. stop by today for a test drive and take home your new cadillac!




experience the epitome of luxury and performance with our impressive lineup of new cadillac suvs and sedans. from the sleek and sophisticated cadillac ct5 sedan to the spacious and versatile cadillac escalade suv, we have the perfect model to suit your lifestyle. our knowledgeable sales team is here to guide you through the features and options of each vehicle, ensuring that you make an informed decision. visit our edina showroom today to explore the latest cadillac models and take your dream car for a test drive. we proudly serve customers from edina, lakeville, golden valley, eden prairie, bloomington, and burnsville.

search inventory






    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us


       



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | key cadillac | 6825 york ave s, edina, mn 55435 | sales: 800-235-3182              


















                       