






home -welcome to the city of pinole































































 








skip to content 



contact us
report a problem
meeting agendas
 







city of pinolecalifornia









city government

departments & divisions

affordable housing
animal control
building
city attorney
city clerk
city manager
city treasurer
code enforcement
community services
economic development
finance
fire
human resources
pinole tv
planning
police
public works
recreation


city council

city council members
meeting agendas
elections information


municipal codes
2020-2025 strategic plan
financial reports
city measures


services

find a city service
permit portal
pay online
garbage & recycling
street sweeping schedule
event rentals
contact us

report a problem
request records
staff directory
city holiday closure dates




our community

visit pinole
news

city manager’s reports
mayoral updates
pinole tv
current projects
open jobs


pinole speaks
pinole history
political representation
sustainability initiatives
earth day
pinole stands united
emergency info
utilities
community resources
school locations


doing business

business licenses, permits & inspections
faqs
business resources
bids & rfps
business directory
pinole perks community gift card program


 
 

 search  






 city of pinole



                        your browser does not support the video tag.
                        


welcome to  



 



meeting agendas

 

 



current projects

 

 



police department

 

 



jobs & volunteer

 

 



recreation

 

 



building permits

 







featured programs











online permitting, inspection and licensing
the city of pinole has upgraded its permitting and licensing system to improve efficiency and convenience for customers. schedule inspection requests via text, view permit and license status, make payments online, submit applications and more.
learn about our new online center!   















pinole speaks
“pinole speaks” is pinole’s central online hub for residents to share their voice, participate in online discussions and learn about upcoming engagement opportunities. topics include items of public interest such as new programs, development projects, planning, initiatives, local legislation and more.
share your voice   















measure i
thank you, pinole voters, for passing measure i! your support ensures the continuation of essential city services, including 911 public safety response, maintaining local streets and roads, disaster preparedness, and other vital community needs. measure i establishes a voter-approved ½ cent sales tax, generating locally controlled funds.
learn more about measure i   














departments & divisions




 

public works

 



 

police department

 



 

parks & recreation

 



see all












19,505

population





13.6

square miles





68

avg temperature





255

avg sunny days/year













latestnews









city exploring future grocery store opportunities at appian 80
city news | february 06, 2025
the city of pinole was notified on february 4, 2025, that safeway intends to close its store at appian 80 on april 4, 2025. the city is actively gathering additional...











city awarded $700k grant for building decarbonization
climate action & adaptation plan, city news | january 24, 2025
the city of pinole is proud to announce the award of a $700,000 grant from the california energy commission’s local government building decarbonization challenge. this funding comes at a pivotal...











pinole swears in new mayor and council members
city news | december 19, 2024
on tuesday, december 17, 2024, the city of pinole swore in two re-elected   council members and selected a new  mayor, and mayor pro tem. pinole’s new mayor, cameron sasai, has...






view all news






upcomingevents






                                                feb  18 


city council meeting

5:00 pm - 11:00 pm
pinole city council chambers 








                                            feb  24 


planning commission meeting

7:00 pm
pinole city council chambers 








                                            mar  1 


measure i workshop

9:00 am - 11:00 am
senior center 








                                                mar  12 


coffee with the city

8:00 am - 10:00 am
board room 








                                            apr  23 


community services commission meeting

5:00 pm - 7:00 pm
city hall council chambers 






view all events











subscribe to our newsletter, the pulse
stay in the know about the latest city of pinole news, programs, events and more.


name email(required)

captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  























connectwith us











watch @mayorsasai in the february episode of the beat of pinole, where he talks about black history month, a $700k grant awarded to the city of pinole, and more! produced by #pinoletv #mayoralupdate #thebeatofpinole #pctv #cityofpinole #pinolenews #local #eastbay





        13    

        0    




                open            
 








watch @mayorsasai in the february episode of the beat of pinole, where he talks about black history month, a $700k grant awarded to the city of pinole, and more! produced by #pinoletv #mayoralupdate #thebeatofpinole #pctv #cityofpinole #pinolenews #local #eastbay

...






 
        13    


 
        0    













we invite you to be a part of our 2025 events lineup! are you passionate about sharing your delicious food with the community? showcase your culinary creations at one of our upcoming events. visit www.pinole.gov/foodvendor to complete the food vendor application form.





        16    

        5    




                open            









we invite you to be a part of our 2025 events lineup! are you passionate about sharing your delicious food with the community? showcase your culinary creations at one of our upcoming events. visit www.pinole.gov/foodvendor to complete the food vendor application form.

...






 
        16    


 
        5    
















this month, we honor the contributions, creativity, and perseverance of the black community. last week, the pinole city council issued a proclamation honoring black history month:“and whereas enumerable black residents of pinole have contributed to the advancement of the city, state and country throughout the city`s history, such as the late james andrew harris, who was a pinole resident and groundbreaking nuclear chemist who helped discover two previously unknown elements while working at lawrence berkeley national lab;and whereas black leaders representing pinole have broken many barriers, including diana becton, who is the first black individual to service contra costa county district attorney, federal glover, who is the first black individual to serve on the contra costa county board of supervisors, and jamela smith-folds, who is the first black individual to represent district 1 on the west contra costa unified school district board of trustees; andwhereas the, in the fall of 2003, michelle lamons-raiford assumed sponsorship of the @pinolevalleyhs african american student union as an organization where students are able to better their knowledge of african american history, culture, community, and pride; andwhereas in june of 2017, eric casher was appointed by the pinole city council. becoming the first black city attorney, since the city of pinole was founded in 1903; andwhereas in november 2018, anthony tave was elected to serve on the pinole city council, becoming the first black council member since the city`s founding; andwhereas in november, 2021, roxanne stone, who served pinole as a management analyst since 2018, was promoted to become the first black deputy city clerk of record; andwhereas in december, 2022, @devinmurphydtm was appointed by the pinole city council becoming the first black mayor since the city of pinole was founded in 1903..."#blackhistorymonth #honor #unityindiversity #pinoleunited #americanhistory #proclamation #pinoleans #cityofpinole





        43    

        1    




                open            









this month, we honor the contributions, creativity, and perseverance of the black community. last week, the pinole city council issued a proclamation honoring black history month:“and whereas enumerable black residents of pinole have contributed to the advancement of the city, state and country throughout the city`s history, such as the late james andrew harris, who was a pinole resident and groundbreaking nuclear chemist who helped discover two previously unknown elements while working at lawrence berkeley national lab;and whereas black leaders representing pinole have broken many barriers, including diana becton, who is the first black individual to service contra costa county district attorney, federal glover, who is the first black individual to serve on the contra costa county board of supervisors, and jamela smith-folds, who is the first black individual to represent district 1 on the west contra costa unified school district board of trustees; andwhereas the, in the fall of 2003, michelle lamons-raiford assumed sponsorship of the @pinolevalleyhs african american student union as an organization where students are able to better their knowledge of african american history, culture, community, and pride; andwhereas in june of 2017, eric casher was appointed by the pinole city council. becoming the first black city attorney, since the city of pinole was founded in 1903; andwhereas in november 2018, anthony tave was elected to serve on the pinole city council, becoming the first black council member since the city`s founding; andwhereas in november, 2021, roxanne stone, who served pinole as a management analyst since 2018, was promoted to become the first black deputy city clerk of record; andwhereas in december, 2022, @devinmurphydtm was appointed by the pinole city council becoming the first black mayor since the city of pinole was founded in 1903..."#blackhistorymonth #honor #unityindiversity #pinoleunited #americanhistory #proclamation #pinoleans #cityofpinole

...






 
        43    


 
        1    













our public works maintenance crew found a female boston terrier wandering alone in fernandez park. she has a pink harness on but no collar/id or microchip. please call (510) 724-9010 if you recognize this furry friend! #founddogpinole #cityofpinole #publicworks





        15    

        1    




                open            









our public works maintenance crew found a female boston terrier wandering alone in fernandez park. she has a pink harness on but no collar/id or microchip. please call (510) 724-9010 if you recognize this furry friend! #founddogpinole #cityofpinole #publicworks

...






 
        15    


 
        1    
































facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
 


contact us

 city hall2131 pear street, pinole, ca 94564
  email: cityhall@pinole.gov 
  phone: (510) 724-9000 
  fax: (510) 724-9826



explore
city government
services
our community
doing business
accessibility policy
department list
find a service
news
report a problem
 






contact us
terms of use
 

©copyright 2025














































































