


al's custom telescope accessories






































 








 



























 









 



1-732-257-8026


 


 


usa






 


 










           


 





i would like to thank everybody that has supported me in 
      the past.
 



hello, my name is al canarelli. i’m a professional 
      cabinet maker who always had a burning interest in astronomy. during the 
      early part of 2000, i purchased a chinese made 6” refractor (skywatcher), 
      which came with a cg-5 mount and extendable aluminum tripod. the 
      telescope’s optical performance was quite good, but the poor stability 
      offered by that flimsy aluminum tripod just cried for attention. 


 



       





(the tripod pictured above is the signature series 
		model, leg locker
is an additional option.)


 



in an effort to correct the tripod problem, i looked 
      to buy an aftermarket tripod but could find nothing of substance with a 
      reasonable price tag.  i finally decided to design and build my own tripod.  the oak tripod which i currently feature on these pages evolved from that 
      design.


 



while the tripod was initially designed for the cg-5 
      mount, it performs the same magic with similar mounts without 
      modification.  here are some of the mounts for which my leg set is well 
      suited…







*polaris
      *great polaris
      *meade lxd55
      *giro
      *orion eq3
      *orion skyview
      *m-4 (stellarview)
      and many others.







 



my objective when designing the tripod was, 1) to 
      give the mount/telescope a good measure of stability and freedom from the 
      “shakes”, 2) to give the telescope enough height so that objects at the 
      zenith could be viewed from a comfortable seated position, and 3) to be 
      aesthetically pleasing.  the tripod achieves all of these objectives and 
      more. 






my oak tripod has just evolved to a new level of 
      excellence, available now in the signature series tripod.  the signature 
      series tripod piles on all of the optional features which are so popular 
      with the basic tripod, plus some that are not available with the basic 
      tripod…all as standard equipment and all at impressive savings. i am so 
      proud of this tripod, i put my name on each one! please click on 
      “signature series tripod” on the left side of this page for the complete 
      story.







      these items allow people to finally have more stable mounts without 
      breaking the bank, now there's some great astronomy news.  i will 
      continue to come up with tripod and mount solutions like these until all 
      the telescope sales companies improve stability on their units right out 
      of the box.
















         




         










products to improve your viewing























 i invite you to

        read several reviews i've posted to cloudynights.com

you will find reviews of many items, here are the items
      that i have reviewed and posted there-



 sky watcher 6" refractor
celestron cm 1400 - 14" sct
scopesaver tray/table for lx200's
jmi ngf-s (auxiliary crayford type focuser for sct's)













e-mail alsastro to a friend









thanks for stopping by, clear skies to you all.




















    








 

 
 

copyright © 2000
			- 2009 alsastro.com all rights 
			reserved. this page in its entirety is the intellectual property of 
			alsastro.com and is copyright protected. 
			violations of the copyright will be fully enforced!




