













career readiness & planning | career assessments | kuder









































 




















 

search for:


 










education solutions

all education solutions
pk-5: galaxy
6-12: navigator
work-based learning: c2b
postsecondary: journey
ccr system features


government & workforce

all government & workforce solutions
pathfinder
journey
hope central


about

our team
careers
blog
research


login
support & resources

resource center
webinars & courses
professional development


contact us
 






kuder





supporting pk-20 students & workforce users

college & career readiness solutions for all
discover the only career planning suite of solutions that equips individuals of all ages with vital skills for their future through dynamic college and career readiness software!



get started






supporting pk-20 students & workforce users

college & career readiness solutions for all
discover the only career planning suite of solutions that equips individuals of all ages with vital skills for their future through dynamic college and career readiness software!



get started








empower lifelong career planning
our partnership approach and career preparation platforms provide tailored career guidance and actionable micro and macro data for administrators, counselors, and educators.







enable early career exploration for elementary students


















fuel college & career readiness for middle & high school students


















drive career planning for college students & workforce users
























proven solutions to make an impact








kuder galaxy® for prek-5th grade students

engaging career exploration
kuder galaxy® uses the power of play to guide elementary students through exploring the world of work. students complete grade-specific content through interactive games, videos, and reportable “i” statements.



explore galaxy






kuder galaxy® for prek-5th grade students

engaging career exploration
kuder galaxy® uses the power of play to guide elementary students through exploring the world of work. students complete grade-specific content through interactive games, videos, and reportable “i” statements.



explore galaxy










kuder navigator® for 6th-12th grade students

impactful career readiness
prepare middle and high school students for the future with kuder navigator®, an all-encompassing college and career readiness software and work-based learning platform.



explore navigator







serving postsecondary students & adults

proven career development
equip postsecondary and workforce users with our custom career planning and career recovery solutions, including kuder journey®, hope central™, and pathfinder™.



explore custom solutions






serving postsecondary students & adults

proven career development
equip postsecondary and workforce users with our custom career planning and career recovery solutions, including kuder journey®, hope central™, and pathfinder™.



explore custom solutions








your partner in career guidance
we take pride in our partnership approach that provides you with the personalized implementation, ongoing support, and on-demand resources to achieve your career readiness initiatives and meet state requirements.





tailored implementation




configurable solutions




continual training & support




robust reporting & resources







contact us






“from the start, the kuder team made us feel a part of their family and always amenable to our various questions and unique needs. it was clear their support services would be second to none. plus, they demonstrated robust capabilities for elementary, icap, wbl, customization, and more which gave us the complete package we were looking for."
belinda martin
college & career services coordinator
academy district 20 (colorado springs, co)







exceptional service drives results



96%
of our partners  recommend kuder


1750+
districts have partnered with kuder for career readiness


90%
of users say kuder provides hope for the future








award-winning career planning solutions





edtech breakthrough award
2024, 2023, 2020, 2019



top workplaces
2024, 2023, 2022, 2019, 2018, 2017



president's "e star" award
2018



edtech digest award
2024, 2018










featured resources



leveraging perkins grants: empowering k-12 education for career readiness
work-based learning
keep reading



education and career development observances and events in 2025
parent & teacher resources
keep reading



visit our blog








        302 visions parkway
        adel, ia 50003      


p 
        800.314.8972      
f 
        515.993.5422      


        info@kuder.com      









help
terms of use
privacy policy
site license




©
      2025 kuder, inc. all rights reserved
    
iowa web design by
      webspec
















