







nycdentist:  the former dental website of dr. jeffrey dorfman
































nyc dentist . com
    mail@nycdentist.com     















home





blog
dental photos
teaching
about dr. dorfman
more
appointment request





dr. jeffrey dorfman retired from private practice in 2019. over 1,000 pages of his original content is offered on this website for educational purposes only. you may request an appointment here.





education programs by dr. jeffrey dorfman focus on creative solutions for complex dentistry®


our nyc dentist office is a high-end private dental practice that has 16 cosmetic dentists, specialists and lab ceramists in one midtown manhattan office. in addition an md-anesthesiologist offers several options for dental sedation. nitrous oxide laughing gas is also offered. we offer cosmetic dentistry, dental implants, adult orthodontics, endodontics, periodontics, general dentistry and smile makeovers in new york, ny. in brief significant cosmetic changes can occur in one treatment visit.
our team works together in the diagnosis, treatment planning and treatment of highly personalized patient cases. we offer intelligent and honest diagnosis based upon 31+ years of experience. our treatment is quick and comfortable. we use the finest materials and top labs. our attention to detail is second to none because we are a teaching private practice that has students watching master clinicians work (with patient permission).
our nyc dentist patients also have access to top medical care
moreover our patients have access to our affiliated team of 12 medical doctors in our building. this is because of the known relationship between dental disease and other medical diseases like heart disease and diabetes. we hope to improve your overall health one step at a time.

more photos of aesthetic dentistry.
above all experience the difference of our nyc dentist team:

multi-specialty office with a nyc dentist team of 16 dentists, specialists & ceramists
nitrous oxide laughing gas is available & an md anesthesiologist is available for sedation
thoughtful presentation of information & discussion so you choose your care
logical treatment plans and multiple treatment options
a clear understanding of treatment time, fees & choices
optional cost savings seeing our associates in a clean environment
expectations of comfort & aesthetics during and after treatment
clear photo documentation confirms quality of diagnosis & treatment
master clinicians, military officers & professors – many with 30+ years of experience
high-end personalized care includes minimal waiting & access to doctors

our unique approach to dentistry provides exceptional comfort and knowledge
new patients may consult with several of our cosmetic dentists and specialists to discover their specific dental condition and reduce their fear of dentistry. patients will learn about their dental condition, understand the benefits and risks of treatment before treatment begins, likewise they will also learn and understand various treatment options including treatment time and cost. singularly information about our unique methods for fear and pain control are also discussed. the high standard of care we offer is evident in the photo documentation of our dentistry. in this case this provides our patients an understanding of their dental treatment. it also offers comfort that the dentistry is being performed well.
each patient visit is scheduled with extra time to offer the finest in personalized care.
the group effort is first class and the fees are correspondingly high-end. this website contains over 4,400 pages of exclusive dental information created by new york ny cosmetic dentist, dr. jeffrey dorfman. most of this information is within the dental photos and library sections. dr. dorfman has been practicing dentistry in midtown manhattan for over thirty years. he uniquely maintained simultaneous professorships at columbia and nyu dental schools for a combined twenty years. he offers paid, volunteer and tuition-based teaching programs within the office for predental and dental students, and young dentists, who visit from around the world.
we also have an affiliated team of twenty holistic medical doctors that is accessible to all our patients.
all our doctors work in one midtown manhattan office building. this group functions as an extension of our new york city dental practice including: internal medicine, weight loss medicine, sports medicine, pain medicine, chiropractic and physical therapy. another eight providers offer psychiatry and psychology services on a different floor of our building. dr. dorfman will frequently personally escort his patients to make an initial introduction. in summary at center for special dentistry we take care of all of you.
our ny dental practice is patient-focused, not insurance-focused.
we offer personal attention, honesty, intelligence, gentleness and beautiful dentistry. our office does not belong to  managed care insurance plans. our office will accept your insurance payment towards your balance if you are allowed to go “out-of-network.” therefore you are responsible for anything not paid by your insurance.
in conclusion dr. jeffrey dorfman created all of the dentistry shown on this 4,400 page website. in brief we offer intelligent & honest diagnosis and better results for our patients.



				









servicescosmetic dentistrysmile makeoverporcelain veneersdental implantstooth pain root canalbraces adult orthodonticsdental anxiety dental feargum disease treatmentextractions oral surgerysleep apnea snoringtmj bite guardsteeth whitening bleachinggeneral dentistrymoredental picturesdental videoslibraryteaching private practicedental philosophyhealth and wellnesspractice managementblog







mail@nycdentist.com
terms and conditions of use
not an article 28 facility.

©2001-2022 1dentist, llc








 




