
la puerta | real estate in placita nm | buying a home in new mexicoplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




call us: 505-867-3388






instagram





facebook





email






















property search 
featured listings
 
open house
 
search the mls
 
realty watcher

 
brokers
 
resources 
blog
 
the placitas lifestyle
 
placitas homes statistics
 
placitas nm

 
tips 
buyers
 
first time buyers
 
mortgage calculator
 
free reports
 
foreclosures
 
sellers
 
why list with us
 
staging your home
 
your home value

 
contact 
about us

 
home







































featured searches


  placitas 


  albuquerque 


  rio rancho 


  bernalillo 








our mission
la puerta real estate services, llc offers superior quality service to our customers and clients. we are committed to excellence in servicing our community for life.







our market
we can help you choose the right home or property for your needs and will guide you towards making an informed real estate decision based on experience.







our commitment
commitment is giving your time and energy to something you believe in. we believe in real estate, and we love what we do. love is what matters.











get automatic notifications
when a listing hits the market within the parameters you choose...
we will send you all properties matching your search criteria. 


set one now



la puerta real estate services, llcproperty listings in placitas, new mexico

placitas is one of the best places to live near albuquerque & santa fe in new mexico!
tucked into the northern foothills of the sandia mountains,?placitas offers a tranquil sense of place while at the same time affording easy access to both albuquerque and santa fe.
it is truly the best of both worlds.
early morning hikes up the north slope of the sandias followed by a night at the opera in santa fe. that scenario may sound like a dream to some, but it’s our reality in placitas. ours is a small town adjacent to amazing urban amenities and historic charm. we wake up to ever-changing mountain and mesa vistas that reach all the way to mt. taylor, cabezon, the jemez range and the sangre de cristo mountains. and you can add plenty of sunshine and a comfortable climate to the list.
need more reasons to discover placitas? here goes!
lifestyle – access to breathtaking hiking trails, a convenient shopping center with a grocery, upscale restaurant, cafe restaurants, beauty salon and bank, and a winery – it’s all here. plus art and artists everywhere you turn.


community – you would be hard-pressed to find a town this size that has a more active citizenry. there’s the renowned placitas artist series musical programs, artists’ studio tour, signpost newspaper, the annual placitas appreciation day, an all-volunteer recycling facility, a modern community library, volunteer fire brigade, jardineros de placitas philanthropic club, a community center, the holiday fine arts and crafts sale, and don’t forget the annual 4th of july parade.activities – hiking, golf, pueblo feast days, miles of bike trails, balloon fiesta, museums galore, old town in albuquerque and canyon road in santa fe, bandelier national monument, and the turquoise trail. did someone say let’s eat? new mexico’s authentic cuisine is celebrated far and wide and there are plenty of other ethnic food options as well.
culture – native american pueblos thrive all around us and the blend of spanish and indian cultures give us a unique perspective on what makes new mexico so special.
history – people have lived here for centuries. the sandia man cave yielded artifacts from prehistoric cultures. coronado led a wave of spanish settlers and in 1767 the king of spain awarded the san antonio de las huertas land grant
a peaceful high desert location buffered by national forests and open spaces, placitas is perfectly situated for lovers of natural beauty and serenity. come visit ?this special place and discover for yourself why we say it’s the best of both worlds.






 








location
1 ridge courtplacitas nm 87043


contact us
505-867-3388inquiry@lapuertallc.com





                copyright 2023 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





