digital filmmakerclick to skip to main content  homeabout uscontactwelcome to digital filmmakerlatest video production equipment news and reviewsare vallerret winter photography gloves worth it?explore the ultimate guide to vallerret winter photography gloves, featuring top models, touch screen capabilities, and amazon alternatives.read more sirui tripod is a top choice for filmmakers & creativesexplore the ideal sirui tripod for filmmakers & creatives, with versatile support, lightweight options, and top quality at affordable prices.read more top cheap vlogging camera choices for creativesexplore top cheap vlogging camera choices for creatives, delivering professional quality video on a budget. elevate your content without breaking the bank!read more audiorange wireless tv headphones bring families togetheraudiorange wireless tv headphones magically allow people who are hard of hearing to enjoy tv and movies alongside their loved ones.read more shotgun mic or hypercardioid condenser? sennheiser mkh-416 vs audio-technica at4053b for indoor interviewsis a shotgun mic really bad for indoor interviews? why is a hypercardioid condenser recommended instead? let's debunk this assumption.read more benq screenbar halo light review – you’ll actually love sitting at your computerthe benq screenbar halo is a new led computer monitor light that lights up both your desk as well as the space behind it. it's a remarkable light that transforms your office space and makes you actually want to work.read more rode videomic go ii review – a $99 all-purpose mic, but it’s no videomic ntgthe new rode videomic go ii is a super versatile little mic for only $99, but how does it compare to the videomic ntg or videomicro?read more manfrotto gimbal 460 kit reviewthe manfrotto gimbal 460 kit is manfrotto's entry into the camera gimbal stabilizer market. can it compete with the dji rs2 or rsc2?read more soonwell sensei rgb tube lights reviewjazz up your youtube studio with these new soonwell sensei rgb tube lights, available in 3 different sizes. here's our review of the st50.read more my røde reel and the tiktok challengeyoung tiktok users around the world recently discovered an amazing challenge – the #myrødereel contest. the competition, from the renowned audio company røde, marks aread more manfrotto element mii fluid video monopodmanfrotto has just released the lightest video monopod kit in the world - the element mii with fluid head. no camera ibis in the world can replace an effective video monopod.read more prolycht orion 300 full spectrum spot light reviewthe new prolycht orion 300 is a super bright cob led spot light that is color accurate across the spectrum. here's why that's a big deal for such an affordable light.read more onyx boox note air extensive review – the best e-ink tablet todaythe onyx boox note air is the best e-ink digital paper tablet today, better than the remarkable and other electronic paper ereaders. why? it's all in the front light.read more hollyland lark 150 wireless microphone system announcedon the heels of their recent updates in their wireless video monitor lineup, hollyland has announced a new wireless audio kit called lark 150. itread more apple pro display xdr custom hardware calibration​nearly a year after its release, custom hardware calibration comes to apple’s pro display xdr. targeted towards the professional video community, one of the criticismsread more hollyland mars 400s pro announced – sdi wireless video transmitterthe new hollyland mars 400s pro comes with a few standout features including direct video live streaming and a new shoe mount design.read more more postscopyright 2024.digitalfilmmaker.net is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com