



maryland personal injury lawyers | baltimore-washington d.c.































 


























free consultation: (800) 553-8082 

tap to call
tap to text











 
maryland personal injury lawyers

published by miller & zois, attorneys at law


navigation
home
our team

ronald v. miller jr.
laura g. zois
justin p. zuber
lisa a. miller
beth frey


personal injury

car accidents
truck accidents
motorcycle accidents
wrongful death
nursing home abuse
products liability
camp lejeune lawsuit
sexual abuse
other personal injury


medical malpractice

birth injury
surgery malpractice
cancer misdiagnosis
hospital malpractice
dangerous drugs
medical devices


verdicts & settlements
client reviews
in the community

blogs
faqs
localities we serve


contact us
 
 search   search   search  



             over $100 million in settlements and verdicts we fight for you and your family against bullies and insurance companies to get you the compensation you deserve. you owe us nothing until we win your case. contact us now for a free consultation                                                  


home


maryland personal injury lawyers






miller & zois is a leading maryland law firm. our baltimore personal injury lawyers handle only serious accident and death claims on behalf of victims and their families. our lawyers handle mass tort product liability claims throughout the country.
personal injury cases our lawyers handle 


medical malpractice
birth injury
cerebral palsy
nursing home negligence
defective products
car accidents
truck accidents
motorcycle accidents
wrongful death

our maryland personal injury lawyers have firmly established ourselves with the insurance companies as fierce advocates for our clients in their battle to get the compensation they deserve. they know full well that we are very willing to go to trial to deliver justice. we have obtained over $100 million for our clients in verdicts and settlements in the past 21 years, including over $60 million in 2018-23.
our legal team is available 24/7 by phone and video conferencing for our current and new clients. call us (800) 553-8082. learn about how we are serving and protecting clients. 

baltimore injury lawyers that fight for you
our firm only takes cases where we 100% believe the client is entitled to compensation. our attorneys take cases for clients we believe in that we think passionately deserve compensation either for the harm that was done to them or for the loss of someone they loved dearly. we have not and will not represent any insurance company or any business fighting against victims. as maryland personal injury attorneys, we work only with injured victims and families who have lost a loved one, and we are eager to assist you with your case.
we also realize that you might not be coming here to look for a lawyer but to get real information. if so, you have come to the right place. this is the most comprehensive information website for tort victims in the baltimore-washington area. our victim help center is a virtual encyclopedia of information for victims trying to figure out where to turn and what they can really expect, including information on what maryland personal injury victims need to do, how long it might take, and just how much their case might be worth.
cases our personal injury lawyers handle
car accidents
our maryland car accident lawyers have achieved successful results at trial in hundreds of car accident cases in washington dc, baltimore, and throughout maryland. when many maryland lawyers, healthcare providers, and even insurance adjusters are seriously hurt, they turn to miller & zois. we can help you, too.
our baltimore car accident attorneys have recovered millions of dollars in compensation for auto, motorcycle, and truck accident victims by settlement or trial. we believe, both by reputation and the results we achieve, that we are the best car accident lawyers in maryland.
medical malpractice
our maryland medical malpractice lawyers aggressively represent victims of medical negligence claims brought against their doctors, hospitals, and nursing homes. we have decades of trial experience and, unlike many lawyers talking about malpractice claims on the internet, we have a history of taking these cases to trial and winning.
our baltimore medical malpractice attorneys will investigate your claim and consult with our medical experts to ensure that your case is properly positioned for settlement, or if necessary, to file a lawsuit and go to trial. “they were obviously thoroughly prepared, and left no doubt that they had mastered the facts of the case.” a juror we handle malpractice suits throughout the baltimore-washington area for: 

birth delivery errors (including cases involving cerebral palsy, brachial plexus palsy, erb’s palsy, and shoulder dystocia)
hospital malpractice in the emergency room or after admission, surgical errors (such as cutting or severing organs, nerves, ducts, vessels or bowels, and anesthesia mistakes)
medication or drug errors and mistakes (such as drug overdoses, unrecognized drug allergies or improper use or combination of drugs)
misdiagnosis (such as cancer, meningitis, pulmonary embolism, and stroke)
nursing home negligence claims

nursing home malpractice and abuse
our nursing home cases rank among the most heartbreaking cases we handle. typical medical malpractice cases usually involve a well-intentioned doctor or nurse making a foolish mistake even though their heart was in the right place.
nursing home cases are often very different. they often involve more than just a simple error. many of these cases are the result of nursing home staff who are willfully indifferent to the needs of their residents. there are even cases — too many cases — where the abuse is intentional.
nursing home neglect and abuse can lead to bedsore, fall, urinary tract infections, bedsores, malnutrition or dehydration, and an assortment of other maladies that can cause severe injury and death. our attorneys are committed to using our experience and resources to provide providing aggressive representation to victims to maximize the settlement and trial value of nursing home cases.
products liability claims
our firm also handles a limited number of product liability/product defect pharmaceutical and medical device cases not only in maryland but around the country involving:

roundup
paraquat
talcum powder
nec baby formula
afff firefighting foam
paragard
hernia mesh
hair relaxer
suboxone
depo provera

truck accidents
if you or a loved one has been involved in a serious collision with a commercial truck, such as a semi or 18-wheeler, the consequences can be devastating. victims often suffer severe injuries, emotional trauma, and, in some cases, fatal outcomes. understanding what steps to take following a truck accident in maryland is crucial for securing your rights and potential compensation.
truck accidents differ significantly from other vehicle accidents like cars or motorcycles. they may involve complex factors including driver error, inadequate vehicle maintenance, mechanical failures, or driver intoxication. navigating the aftermath of such accidents requires an in-depth understanding of maryland truck accident laws, federal motor carrier safety regulations, and the intricate processes of accident reconstruction and liability determination.
as a victim, you are entitled to justice and compensation. choosing the right legal representation is critical. you need a law firm skilled in handling commercial vehicle accident claims and adept at negotiating with large transportation companies and their insurers.
miller & zois offers this expertise. our truck accident lawyers bring decades of experience in advocating for clients who have sustained significant injuries or lost loved ones in commercial truck accidents. we are committed to fighting for your rights and ensuring you receive the justice and compensation you deserve.
motorcycle accidents
at miller & zois, our lawyers understand the joys and the associated risks of riding a motorcycle. since we have lawyers who are experienced riders, we know what it is like in the real world as a motorcyclist. we understand that too often, other drivers on the road are often distracted and completely ignore and disregard us. ultimately, too many motorcyclists are killed each year because we are invisible to those many distracted motorists.
our motorcycle accident lawyers have had the unfortunate and unpleasant experience of witnessing on a very personal level the trauma, injuries, and deaths caused by negligent drivers. the human body is simply not constructed to tolerate and stand up against the impact of a car or truck which outweighs the motorcyclist by several thousand pounds and has a strength that far exceeds any human body.
our firm has compassionate, experienced, and knowledgeable attorneys who have represented families who lost their loved ones and the victims who have survived the crash only to go on to suffer broken limbs, amputations, and traumatic brain injuries. we have confronted the insurance companies and have successfully been able to secure compensation and justice for our clients and for the family members left behind after their loved one tragically lost a life due to the carelessness and negligence of another driver.
unfortunately, in the fast-paced world in which we live, if you have had the unpleasant experience of being in a motorcycle crash and injured, or worse, killed, you are the one at a disadvantage. juries tend to see motorcyclists, and they incorrectly visualize the image of the guy that went past them at some previous point in their life at 100 miles an hour on a racing-style motorcycle (sometimes called a “crotch rocket”). the insurance companies want to take full advantage of this misperception and apply it to your case. you need experienced trial lawyers who have the reputation of being successful and who will tailor and develop your case to assist you or your family in receiving the compensation you deserve for medical bills, lost wages, and, most importantly, pain and suffering.
all of our motorcycle accident cases are on a contingency fee basis. this means that there is never an attorney fee charged unless we successfully negotiate a settlement or receive a judgment in the courts on your behalf.
birth injury medical malpractice
at miller & zois, our experienced and knowledgeable maryland birth injury lawyers understand the physical, emotional, and financial tolls that birth injuries place on your child and your family. the care received before and after birth is critical to a baby’s successful development, health, and future.
birth injuries are often the result of the mistake or negligence of a doctor or nurse. when this unfortunate incident occurs, you may be able to recover compensation on behalf of your child and for your family for the unnecessary and needless harm, financial strains, and possible future special care expenses that this negligence or mistake may have caused.
if you ask our law firm to review your child’s case, what would our firm do for you? the first thing we would do is listen to you. as the parent or guardian, you will have personal knowledge of the situation and you will be able to communicate to us any credible and relevant information that may not appear in the medical records. we take the time to learn about what you, your child, and your family have endured as a result of these birth injuries.
our birth injury lawyers will then start to work for you by collecting all of the relevant medical records. we do a complete and thorough review and analysis of specific areas such as electronic fetal monitor strips, tests performed (or not performed) on the mother and her child, and the labor and delivery flow. this careful assessment of these areas will give you the necessary and crucial answers that were not provided by the hospital or ob. the sad truth is that 10% of ob/gyns admit to lying to a patient to avoid a malpractice lawsuit.
there are many mistakes doctors make that lead to birth injuries and medical malpractice lawsuits. our lawyers have repeatedly seen many of the same types of cases:
failing to order a timely caesarian section: the failure to give an emergency caesarian when the child is not reassuring (fetal distress) is a very common course of birth injuries. oxygen is critical at this juncture of life. if the child is not getting the necessary oxygen to support the baby’s organs, then delivery has to happen quickly. delay or failure to timely perform a c-section can cause birth injuries that the child and their family will carry for a lifetime.
failure to secure oxygen for the baby: while you and i can endure relatively extended periods of oxygen deprivation, a fetus or newborn child cannot. doctors and nurses have the critical responsibility of providing the baby with all of the oxygen necessary by the vital organs, especially the brain, for successful health, growth, and ultimate survival.
improper forceps use: unfortunately, in addition to the question of whether or not to perform a c-section, the use of forceps involves doctors who tend to go to the extremes on the spectrum. while there are some doctors who have the necessary skills and knowledge to use forceps properly, there are doctors who do not have the necessary skills and knowledge to properly use forceps. as a result of this lack of knowledge and experience, these doctors should not take on the responsibility of delivering babies. when the doctor lacks the skill and expertise required for forceps, this can lead to brain bleeds and nerve damage.
improper use of pitocin: the drug pitocin is given to mothers to expedite childbirth. giving a mother pitocin during the birth process is rarely considered negligence by itself. but pitocin is a dangerous drug that can cause excessive uterine activity. if the baby is showing distress on the electronic fetal heart rate monitor, reasonable care requires the nurse to discontinue the use of pitocin. too often, distracted or uninformed doctors and nurses continue to administer pitocin, which can cause injury to the child.
hypoxia (lack of oxygen): many birth injuries, including many cases of cerebral palsy, are the result of oxygen deprivation during labor and delivery. the frustrating part is that the baby is often telling the medical professionals via the electronic fetal monitor, that there is an oxygen deficiency that needs to be addressed quickly. other birth injuries include:

cerebral palsy
meconium aspiration syndrome
shoulder dystocia
placental abruption
herpes encephalitis
caput succedaneum
intrauterine growth restriction
perinatal encephalopathy
uterine rupture
placenta previa
hypoglycemia-induced brain injury
infant subgaleal hematoma (brain bleed)

wrongful death
no matter what the reason, nothing hurts more than losing someone you love. it is made all the more painful when the death could have been avoided if not for a mistake made by a doctor or negligent driver.
our law firm has 150 years of combined experience fighting for families in wrongful death medical malpractice and car accident cases. we help families fight for financial compensation when they have lost loved ones in accident or medical malpractice cases. it is the least we can do for someone who has had to endure this unimaginable suffering.
our website and our lawyers can explain to you how death cases work in maryland. we explain the two distinct claims—wrongful death and survival action—and how they work for you.
baltimore injury lawyers with a track record of success 
we have a history of maximizing the value of these cases. why? because we understand maryland’s wrongful death law and we know how to apply it. while it sounds very simple, many victims’ trial lawyers cannot operate this law to their client’s maximum advantage. at miller & zois, we can and we have a track record to prove it.
lawyers weekly said it well: as “former insurance defense lawyers, miller & zois knows the other side’s playbook.”
what miller & zois brings to the table is experience and a history of results. our remarkable record of quality verdicts, particularly in recent years, speak for themselves. there are not many law firms in this state or the country who are matching our results. these victories have made it so much easier for us to get quality out-of-court settlements for our clients. our message is clear: you can pay now, or you can pay later.
our maryland personal injury lawyers have achieved this record with tenacity and experience. miller & zois has over 100 years of combined experience in dealing with insurance companies and handling accident and medical malpractice claims. we used to work for the same insurance companies that we now fight on behalf of our suffering clients every day. our washington, dc – baltimore personal injury lawyers know what the insurance companies are up to and we know how to make them sweat.
lawyers weekly said it well: as “former insurance defense lawyers, miller & zois knows the other side’s playbook.” in other words, we are very familiar with the techniques and tricks that the insurance companies use to deny tort victims fair compensation… and how to fight those clever tricks and win for our clients.
if you have come to our website because you were seriously injured by the negligence of someone else, we suggest that you review the site to learn as much as you can. we have a lot of information about these claims and about the baltimore personal injury attorneys at miller & zois. do the same for others to find counsel with the background, experience, and philosophy best suited for you. we think we are the best personal injury firm for you. but you should do your research and pick the team you believe will be best for you. “i refer all of my serious injury cases in maryland to miller & zois because they turn over every last stone to maximize the value of their case. the last case i referred to them settled for $1.2 million.” john selinger (new york personal injury lawyer)
while our baltimore personal injury attorneys have litigated in most states in this country and continue to represent clients outside of maryland in special cases, the vast majority of the victims that come to us come from maryland. we have offices in anne arundel county and baltimore city. our main office is in at one south street on the 24th floor. this location gives us the flexibility to cover the entire baltimore metropolitan area.
we have an equally strong presence in the washington area and have earned tens of millions of dollars for our clients in verdicts and settlements in recent years in prince george’s county, montgomery county, frederick, and surrounding counties.
this statement might be self-serving, but it is also true: if you have a serious injury case, you want to hire the best personal injury law firm that you can no matter where the firm is located. it is 2025… and we will come to you!
information for maryland personal injury victims and lawyers
this website serves as more than just a showcase of our law firm’s successes in securing significant settlements and verdicts for our clients in maryland. while we do highlight our achievements, our primary aim is to offer a comprehensive resource for victims, law students, and maryland personal injury attorneys.
our attorney help center is packed with detailed information on the practice of personal injury law in maryland. it’s designed to provide practical insights and examples that baltimore personal injury lawyers and those across the state can immediately utilize to enhance their advocacy. we thoroughly analyze each insurance company and legal jurisdiction within maryland, equipping legal professionals with the knowledge to understand the challenges they may encounter.
we equip plaintiffs’ personal injury attorneys with a robust toolkit to bolster their cases. this includes sample demand letters, pleadings, discovery documents, depositions, motions, jury instructions, and motions in limine. more importantly, we guide attorneys on how and when to effectively use these tools to exert pressure on defense counsel, thereby maximizing the trial and settlement potential of their client’s cases.
for victims, our help center offers a clear overview of what to expect throughout the legal process and an honest assessment of potential compensation outcomes. we provide insights into how judges, juries, and insurance companies assess claims, enhancing your understanding of the legal landscape. our baltimore personal injury attorneys simplify complex legal concepts such as contributory negligence, res ipsa loquitur, and respondeat superior, translating dense legal jargon into language that’s easy to grasp.
by visiting our site, both legal professionals and victims gain valuable insights into the intricacies of personal injury claims in maryland, empowering them with the knowledge to navigate their cases successfully.
contacting miller & zois: free consultation
if you are hurt in a serious accident or are the victim of medical malpractice, contact our baltimore personal injury attorneys to discuss your case. call us now for help at 800-553-8082. you can also get a free no-obligation online consultation.

en espanol
content written by baltimore personal injury lawyer ron miller




learn more
















contact us
    1  free consultation  2  available to talk now - 24/7   3  no fee unless you win  fill out the contact form or call us at (800) 553-8082 to schedule your free consultation. we also offer video consultations for your safety and convenience. learn more.  
















  name (required)     email (required)     phone (required)   tell us about your casei understand that submitting this form does not create an attorney-client relationship. i also understand that miller & zois works with multiple law firms on these claims and that i may be contacted by an affiliated law firm working with miller & zois on these lawsuits.



contact us now











 baltimore injury lawyer blogherniated disc injury settlements with steroid injectionsthis post will help you understand how epidural steroid injections impact the settlement compensation payouts in motor vehicle accident cases where the victim suffers a herniated or bulging disc. a disc herniation is a disc injury frequently caused by car accidents. the impact of a car accident often exerts significant force and pressure on the […]limb amputations lifetime costleg and arm amputation cases attract personal injury and malpractice lawyers in any jurisdiction, but particularly in states where there is a cap on noneconomic damages. this is because there are great economic costs associated with artificial limbs and the injuries often impact the victim’s ability to earn a living. in most states, like maryland, […]who can file a silicosis lawsuit?this page is about who can file a silicosis lawsuit and the settlement amount victims can expect when making these claims. we now know that an invisible danger often lurks in the air at construction sites —silica dust. its fine particles, when inhaled over prolonged periods, embed themselves deep into the lungs, setting the stage […] maryland injury law centeraverage verdicts in motorcycle and bicycle accident casesaccording to a recent jury verdict research report, plaintiffs on motorcycles receive higher awards for collisions than bicycle plaintiffs. makes sense. they are driving much faster and frequently roads where speed is more of an issue. their analysis, based on plaintiffs’ verdicts rendered from october 1999 to october 2006, examines motorcycle and bicycle categories involving […]maryland nursing home settlements and verdictsjury verdict research did a study that found that nursing home plaintiffs get a median award of $329,000. defense lawyers are not eager to try these cases for a reason: plaintiffs win at trial a stunning 63 percent of nursing home jury trials.  even that figure is probably misleading.  when a nursing home lets a […]allstate claims in marylandif you polled maryland personal injury lawyers who handle car accident cases, most would choose allstate as the “worst of the worst” among insurance companies to deal with on accident claims. personally, while i would not put allstate at the top of my list of insurance companies i want to draw, i would not put […]




practice-areas personal injury practice    car accidents truck accidents medical malpractice  nursing home abuse motorcycle accidents  slip and fall dangerous drugs medical devices birth injury cerebral palsy wrongful death hospital malpractice       client-reviewsclient reviews★★★★★ when my sister was killed, we turned to miller & zois to fight for us. they stood by us every step of the way and we ended up getting more money than we asked for.  c.b. (baltimore city) ★★★★★my prior lawyer was not able to get the insurance companies to offer a single penny in my case. then my lawyer referred me to ron and laura. it was a long fight and they fought for me every step of the way. my case settled for $1.31 million.  a.a. (baltimore city) ★★★★★ i did not get an offer for my case because the insurance company said they were denying coverage. my lawyer then referred me to miller & zois. after miller & zois got involved, the offer was raised to $150,000. we thought that was not fair so miller & zois took my case to arbitration. our case was well prepared and perfectly executed. the arbitrator awarded me $405,000.   r.v. (anne arundel county) ★★★★★ i refer all of my serious injury cases in maryland to miller & zois because they turn over every last stone to maximize the value of their case. the last case i referred to them settled for $1.2 million.   john selinger (new york personal injury lawyer) ★★★★★ as former insurance defense lawyers, miller & zois 'know the other side's playbook'.   lawyers weekly usa view moresubmit a law firm client reviewindex-videos  informational personal injury videos                      view more videos  sandwich-banner               blog-feeds    baltimore injury lawyer blog          maryland injury law center          media-badges                                              bottom-long-form  contact us for a free consultation bottom-listed-links our firm  ›verdicts & settlementsclient reviewsawards & recognitionattorney referralscommunity involvementmiller & zois scholarshipbaltimore officewashington dc office attorneys  ›ronald v. miller, jrlaura g. zoisjustin zuberbeth freylisa a. millermore medical malpractice  ›medical misdiagnosissurgery malpracticehospital malpracticemedication erroremergency room errorbirth injurydrugs & medical devicemore personal injury practice  ›car accidentstruck accidentsmotorcycle accidentsnursing home negligencewrongful deathpremises liabilityproducts liabilitymore communities served  ›baltimore citybaltimore countyprince george's countymontgomery countyanne arundel countyfrederick countywashington dcmore communities injury victim help center  ›legal blogsfaqs - questions & answersvideoschild safety centertime to bring a claimdetermining case valuationhow long to settlesettlement calculator plaintiff attorney center  ›case valuation for settlementanatomy of a trialpre trial filings & motionstrials & juriestools & sample documentsmediation & arbitrationappeals & appellate practicemaryland law insurance company insight  ›allstateerie insurancegeiconationwideprogressivestate farmusaamore




contact information


 





1 south st #2450
baltimore,
md
21202

phone: (410) 779-4600toll free: (800) 553-8082
 





1629 k st nw #300
washington,
dc
20006

phone: (800) 553-8082
 
   en español     we serve the following localities: baltimore; prince george's county including bowie, laurel, landover, hyattsville; anne arundel county including glen burnie; baltimore county including cockeysville, glyndon, hunt valley, jacksonville, lutherville-timonium, owings mills, parkville, reisterstown,  and towson; carroll county including westminster; frederick county including frederick; harford county including abingdon, bel air, belcamp, and forest hill; montgomery county including germantown and rockville; howard county including ellicott city and columbia, washington, d.c. and washington county including hagerstown.   view more  

home
disclaimer
privacy policy for miller & zois
site map
contact us
 
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact form, text message, or voicemail. the contact form sends information by non-encrypted email, which is not secure. submitting a contact form, sending a text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an attorney-client relationship.copyright © 2025, miller & zois, attorneys at law
justia law firm website design


 












