





dunbar beachfront cottages- molokai, hawaii – dunbar beachfront cottages- molokai, hawaii



























 


skip to content






 

















 


search for:








homepauwalu cottage pauwalu – see cottageavailability/reservationspu’unana cottage pu’unana – see cottageavailability/reservations



 









homejeffrey jumper2020-09-01t21:29:31+00:00

dunbar beachfront cottages – kainalu, molokai
your own secluded beach awaits on the lush east end of moloka’i.
here, on the most hawaiian island, the stress and worries of the modern world seem to wash away with each new tide.
here is hawai’i as it once was. peaceful, relaxed and beautiful. the hawai’i of 50 years ago.
come!   let the magic of the warm pacific and this wonderful island soothe your soul.
come!   enjoy the serenity of kainalu.
each of our vacation homes is situated right at the water’s edge and each has its own secluded beach. the 2 bedroom, one bath designs provide panoramic vistas of the islands of maui, lana’i and kaho’olawe. perfect vantage points for whale watching from december through april.
notice:  while you may have heard that the molokai planning commission has revoked the permits for all short-term rental houses as of december 31, 2020, the dunbar beachfront cottages do not fall in this category. they are legal transient vacation rentals whose permits do not expire until 2030. so please rest assured that your reservations with us are secure.
pauwalu cottage

pu’unana cottage

according to frommer’s“this is one of the most peaceful, comfortable, and elegant properties on molokai’s east end, and the setting is simply stunning.   each of these two green-and-white plantation-style cottages sits on its own secluded beach (good for swimming) — you’ll feel like you’re on your own private island.”
rated 3 stars of possible 3.   frommer’s guide
more molokai infofor a wonderful tour of our beautiful island, be sure to see the visit molokai web site.





 
 






808-336-0761
dunbarbeachfrontcottages@gmail.com
permit # cp 2000/0013 



 kip and leslie dunbar
dunbar beachfront cottages
9750 kamehameha v hwy
kaunakakai, hi 96748

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2015 - 2019 | all rights reserved | dunbar beachfront cottages	



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link






















































































go to top




