








 
blackfield – band page



































loading blackfield.org








log in









remember me








log in





did you forgot your password?



recover password






recover
















login
/
register











welcome to blackfield









home
news

band history
concerts
inspirations
rants


about the band
albums
social media
contact us
buy the music





welcome to the website of blackfield band!we not only need music to soothe us whenever we are feeling sad but also in the cases of happiness when we need to share our joy and success in a cheerful manner. ever visited those rocking parties where they play loud and exhilarating music? how do you usually feel? have you ever felt like jumping up to the ceiling and shaking your body? well, how could you do that without a proper stimulation? that is why we believe music is the pillar of a good and happy life!









we are one of the popular music bands identified by millions of fans from all over the world. our primary aim is to touch the world positively through our music and bring a significant impact on the lives of many people. we are all aware that music forms an integral part of the human life. it is not possible to live without music. we all lose our temper or get sad at one point in life. with the presence of music, we are able to calm down and get back to our sober way of thinking and doing things.


never miss the list of blackfield’s albumsa complete list of blackfield music - belowblackfieldblackfield iiwelcome to my dnablackfield ivblackfield vwhat's coming next?blackfield



blackfield is a collective music project by two musicians the israel rock singer aviv geffen and the founder of porcupine tree steven winson. geffen executed backing vocals on two tracks in the porcupine tree album while wilson offered the lead vocals on all the songs; he also played guitar and piano on all songs apart from the song ‘scars’. some of the tracks in this band are: cloudy now, the hole in me, my gift of silence, the killer, some day, and open mind. you can download this album on youtube via the link: blackfield.


blackfield ii



blackfield ii has emerged to be the second studio album by the blackfield band. this album was recorded in london and tel aviv and it was later released on march 6, 2007, in united states and february 13, 2007, in europe. this album entails a one-pack rock, mournful melancholic collections of songs.  ‘end of the world’ is the cover of the ancient song in hebrew which was performed by berry sakharof and geffen. this album is available in form of audio cd, mp3, vinyl, and unlimited streaming over the internet. blackfield ii enjoys a five-star rating. the songs in this album bring a distinct meeting of cultures which has upshot  a melodic, sophisticated and a melancholic rock album. blackfield ii has a powerful sense of power and direction and it has a collection of ten ideally crafted songs of beauty comprising of sweeping strings, explosive guitars, great hooks, and lush vocal harmonies. some of the songs included in this album are: my gift of silence, epidemic, where is my love, someday, 1000 people, end of the world, and miss you.


welcome to my dna



this is the third studio album produced by the blackfield band produced by steven wilson and aviv geffen released in 28 march 2011 in europe. the band was designed to reflect on geffen’s taking control over the band. on this album the two musicians continue to proceed along with their neo-progressive tears for fears meets pink floyd sound thus it inlays it with doom-ridden imagery. the recent album from blackfield is now readily available in the stores and is available for download in the link: welcome to my dna. many of the material on this album were written by geffen since wilson was busy working on his solo album. most of the songs are full of orchestral passages; therefore, the more you listen to this album, the more you like it!


blackfield iv



blackfield iv has grown to be the type of aviv geffen solo album with the aid of some friends such as steven wilsons who offered vocal assistance.  there are several tracks in this album namely: x-ray, firefly, after the rain, lost souls, jupiter, kissed by the devil, sense of insanity, and the only fool is me among other songs. this album is filled with melancholic pop songs together with a depressive collection of songs entwined around by geffen’s vocals. blackfield has quietly shifted from progressive rock-pop genre to the melancholic edge. you can get this album through the mail order services for all progressive and symphonic rock cds and dvds. you can also download this album via the link: blackfield iv.


blackfield v



blackfield v exists as the fifth studio album by the art rock genre band blackfield. the band was produced in by the musical partnership between aviv geffen, steve wilson, and alan parsons and released in 10 february 2017. this album was recorded over a period of 18 months including the sessions held in both england and israel. wilson and aviv divvy up guitar, vocals, and keyboard duties whereas tomer z played the drums part. the band was first formed in 2004 as a team up between the two artists after they met together in israel following the porcupine tree show. the launched album was a massive mix of wilson and geffen melancholic approach set against more alternate pop settings, the outcome was the porcupine tree-lite.


what's coming next?


stay tuned!


jackal - blackfield vjupiter - blackfield ivdna - welcome to my dnaepidemic - blackfield iiopen mind - blackfield... the most popularjackal - blackfield v





jupiter - blackfield iv





dna - welcome to my dna





epidemic - blackfield ii





open mind - blackfield





... the most popularwe have prepared a list of the most popular blackfield songs on youtube. head to this post and enjoy our music!got a minute? read some blackfield news!






the finest streaming series selection






time machine anyone? we are going into the past! the world of 80’s and 90’s and these ridiculously fun sitcoms that took hours of our life. guess what. they are coming back in – let’s say remastered – versions. production made by nubiles. go to https://thatsitcomporn.com







get ready for real smashing! and it’s step siblings doing it this time. having enough of dealing with their bratty step sisters they show what their testosterone levels can bring out of them. nubiles newest series is here!


https://smashedxxx.org




the place where girls rock the place. watch girls only porn – part of nubile films and enjoy the finest woman on woman pleasure scenes with real-life fantasy twist. they love boys but sometimes it’s a matter of taking things into their own hands… and tongues.






ready for some taboo content? step sisters and their fantasies of having intimate moments with step brothers? this is the classic website for this kind of videos! say hello to sis loves me. go to https://mysislovesme.com and enjoy over 200 free episodes from this unique series.







get yourself familiar with rod’s room – the place of luxury and high quality fashionable gay entertainment. intimate moments captured by michael vegas will leave you drooling for more.


https://rodsgay.com



why limit yourself to one gender when you can have it all. with devil’s tgirls you are going to enjoy the best of the genre in 4k quality. watch these beauties please both men and women in phenomenal fantasy episodes. now available absolutely for free at https://deviltgirls.org







enjoy the adventure with us. this time it’s central europe and our goal is simple – to hunt as many broke guys as possible. what for? to see how desperate they are… and get some pleasant time. you would be surprised what economy can do to some minds!


https://czechgays.com



it’s time you show some love for moms. or actually they are going to do it. in the mom lover network you never get enough of them. consisting of 8 unique subseries mom lover is all about ultimate milf entertainment on the highest possible level. both technically and… visually. follow the series on https://ilovemommies.com







the finest gonzo adventures in one place. watch iconic series of darkx and hardx – with all updates it has available online.


https://sexempires.com



helping out stranded teens? for sure, but the help mofos crew is giving can be considered specific. watch this fantasy series where clueless abandoned in middle of nowhere girls are asking for some help. enjoy the series at https://teenstranding.com







alpha studio max is here. the biggest merger of gay studios has become a reality.


https://alphagaymax.comthanks for visiting blackfield.org
 









follow us on facebook 




follow us on youtube 




follow us on instagram 

 




this is fan website of blackfield band! home














































 


