





bonn graduate school of economics — department of economics / bgse











universität bonn
department of economics / bgse














department of economics

































          why bgse
        



          phd program
        



          apply now
        



          job market
        



          people
        



          partners and sponsors
        




























































                  bonn graduate school of economics
                

                  main building of the university of bonn
                


© volker lannert / university of bonn












                  have a look at our recent placements
                


© barbara frommann / universität bonn












                  bonn graduate philipp strack wins clark medal
                

                  the clark medal is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious awards in the field of economics.
                


© jurate jablonskyte-2733









bonn graduate school of economics






have a look at our recent placements






bonn graduate philipp strack wins clark medal



















































      bonn graduate school of economics
    















the bonn graduate school of economics (bgse) invites students from around the world to join our combinded msc/phd program in economics. at the bgse, you will have the chance to study and do research, entirely in english, in a supportive and intellectually demanding environment. we foster a cooperative team spirit among our student body.
the bgse pursues research activities in the following five research areas:

microeconomic theory
management and applied microeconomic
financial economics
macroeconomics and public economics
econometrics and statistics

our doctoral students receive grants to cover living expenses.
many graduates of our doctoral program are now in leading academic positions.







































phd program



























job market candidates



























people



























partners & sponsors


























© philipp strack




















      philipp strack, winner of the clark medal and bgse alumnus
    














"i associate the university of bonn above all with my co-authors and friends, as well as my time as a student, which i enjoyed very much. i am grateful for the world-class education i received at the university of bonn and especially at the bonn graduate school of economics, which made my academic career possible."





















      job market candidates 2024/25 and placements 2023
    

























meet our job market candidates 2024/25!
















in 2023, our job market candidates received various offers and decided to continue their academic careers at the following universities and research institutions:

bocconi university, milan, italy
erasmus school of economics rotterdam, netherlands
paris-saclay university, france
university of oxford, uk
university of manchester, uk
aalto university, helsinki
california institute of technology, pasadena, usa
ted university, ankara, turkey
european stability mechanism (esm), luxembourg
national bureau of economic research, cambridge (ma), usa

















more



















© barbara frommann / universität bonn































      our program 
    

























doctoral program (phd) with integrated msc economic research

duration:

msc: 2 years
phd: 3 years


degrees: master of science and doctoral degree
beginning of study: winter semester
application period: once a year from end of november until january 15 (online)

















more



















© bosse & meinhard































news and events of our department









© universität bonn/ volker lannert





save the date: the manchot lecture with dirk bergemann on may 06, 2025

the annual manchot lecture, featuring dirk bergemann, is scheduled to take place on may 06, 2025, starting at 16:00 at the universitätsclub bonn. this event, open to the public, welcomes all individuals interested in contemporary economics research. title of lecture and other further details will be announced in due course.
bergemann's research is in the area of game theory, contract theory, venture capital, and market design. his most recent work is in the area of auction and information design. his research is supported by grants from the national science foundation, the sloan foundation, the knight foundation, the omidyar network and google.
(excerpt taken from https://economics.yale.edu/people/dirk-bergemann)



feb 13, 2025












© bgse





application period is over

the application period has ended as of january 15. we wish the best of luck to all applicants!



jan 24, 2025












© jurate jablonskyte





bonn graduate philipp strack receives award from wirtschaftswoche

"philipp strack from bonn is one of the world's most research-oriented economists. some even consider the young yale professor a candidate for the nobel prize” is how wirtschaftswoche explains its choice. with the “deutschlands 30 bis 2030” initiative, wirtschaftswoche honors people from germany who “encourage others with their ideas, projects or companies, create innovations and breakthroughs and are exemplary in their field”. economist philipp strack, who graduated from the department of economics at the university of bonn and completed his doctorate at the bonn graduate school of economics, is one of the 30 award winners in 2024.




dec 09, 2024












© bgse





information meeting for advanced ba and ma students in economics interested in pursuing a doctoral degree

the bonn graduate school of economics invites to an information meeting for advanced ba and ma students in economics interested in pursuing a doctoral degree - november 25 & 26, 2024.



nov 07, 2024












© bgse





bgse application period starts 15 november 2024

the bonn graduate school of economics invites qualified students to apply for admission of the combined msc/phd program. interested students with a bachelor's or master's degree in economics or related disciplines are welcome to hand in their documents until january 15, 2025.



oct 08, 2024












© jurate jablonskyte-2733





bonn graduate philipp strack wins clark medal

economist philipp strack, who is a university of bonn graduate and additionally took his doctorate at the bonn graduate school of economics, has received the john bates clark medal—considered the second most prestigious award in the field of economics after the nobel prize. the medal is awarded by the american economic association (aea) to economists under age forty living in the united states who have made significant scholarly and research contributions in the field of economics.




apr 10, 2024












© volker lannert / university of bonn





winter holidays

the bgse office will be closed for the holidays from december 20th to january 3rd. happy holidays and best wishes for a healthy and peaceful new year!



dec 19, 2023












© bgse





bgse application period starts december, 2023

the bonn graduate school of economics invites qualified students to apply for admission of the combined msc/phd program. interested students with a bachelor's or master's degree in economics or related disciplines are welcome to hand in their documents until march 15, 2024. there is an early admission round for complete applications handed in before january 15.



nov 15, 2023

























































© barbara frommann / universität bonn

















      manchot lecture
    















the annual lectures are delivered by internationally distinguished experts and address a general audience interested in economic research.
















more






























© colourbox

















      bgse's doctoral student exchange programs
    















the bgse is a founding partner of the european doctoral program (edp) and has established further exchange programs with other renowned universities abroad, such as berkeley and yale.
















more






























© frank homann / universität bonn

















      department of economics
    















the main research fields of our faculty include game theory, applied microeconomics, monetary and international macroeconomics, contract theory, labour economics and finance.
















department






































© colurbox.de






















      job market
    















we are particularly proud of the success of our graduates in the academic world but also in research-related organizations and in the private sector.
our alumni have obtained prestigious positions at universities in the u.s. (e.g., harvard, berkeley, penn, ucla, michigan, minnesota), in europe (e.g., university of oxfrod, university college london, pompeu fabra, tilburg, carlos iii, stockholm, zurich) and in germany (e.g., mannheim, munich, berlin, cologne). in addition, many alumni are currently in the non-academic sector (e.g., european central bank, german central bank, bank of england, u.s. federal reserve board, mckinsey & company, boston consulting group).

















job market candidates











recent placements






















      get to know our team
    













© colorbox

















      faculty
    














get to know our economic experts' teaching, research, and supervision.















faculty













© bosse & meinhard bonn















      students
    















get to know our current doctoral students.
















students













© unsplash-christin-hume















      staff
    














in terms of questions regarding the program, application and much more our team members are happy to help.















staff





















































      our partners and sponsors
    














the bgse has strong collaborations with the following local and international partners.
some of these partners provide generous financial support to the bgse and its students:


















© universität bonn














© rtg 2281














© crc tr 224














© econtribute




















© uc berkeley














© haussdorff center for mathematics














© institute of labor economics, bonn














© bonner universitätsstiftung




















© max planck institute for research on collective goods, bonn














© edp














© yale university














© juergen manchot stiftung






































          wird geladen
        



























            department of economics
          
          
          |
          to main portal











