


cape cod vacation rentals




















eastham, outer cape, cape cod vacation rentals...






























































   
				for cape and islands info








































eastham vacation rentals:


































 








3 bedroom waterfront home
on cape cod bay, the ultimate cape cod summer vacation.•  tesla destination charger equipped and powered by solar








3 bedroom comfortable cottage
in secluded pine grove only 500 feet to cape cod bay private beach.•  home powered by off-site solar






2 bedroom cottage
cottage in quiet pine grove, 1/3 mile to thumpertown  beach.•  tesla destination charger and nema 14-50 equipped, all electric home












a summer vacation paradise, cape cod is located in massachusetts on the atlantic coast of new england (northeast usa).  the cape cod bridges are approximately 60 highway miles south of boston, ma. and 240 highway miles northeast of new york city.  
eastham  is about 40 miles from the bridges on the outer cape, between the towns of orleans to the south and wellfleet to the north.
once you've found your summer rental visit the summerhome surf, our page of helpful links and resources for cape cod and the islands.  check the weather, tides or nature links.  find a map, visitor guide or places to sightsee.  plan your biking, kayaking, fishing, whale watching, golfing, hiking, surfing or shopping adventures.  research your cape and islands ferry,  bus or plane schedules.  or just find out what time the sunset is over cape cod bay...  it's all at the summerhome surf information pages.
be sure to visit our live web cam, ”the summerhome.com cape cod bay sunset cam“.  it's the only webcam on cape cod overlooking cape cod bay.  check the tides, waves and weather or just enjoy the sky and sunset view.  (if it's after dark see the ”sunset cam photo gallery“.) bookmark this page and visit again!







vacation rental home listings for eastham, cape cod massachusetts.


site design and development by icm design.
copyright © 1998-2021 icm design, cambridge, ma. usa.  all rights reserved.  



































