




veterinarians in the plains | agape veterinary clinic



























































skip to content
home
contact





veterinarians in the plains | agape veterinary clinic


contact us
6323 hopewell road
the plains, va 20198

phone: 540-253-5619









search lifelearn:
search site:








about us

location & hours
directions
our team


pet services

alternative and complementary therapy
anesthesia and patient monitoring
breeding services
grooming
health screening tests
medical services
nutritional counseling
preventive services
surgical services
wellness and vaccination programs
additional services


pet health

pet health library
pet health checker
how-to videos
news


featured pets
links
 









 
welcome to agape veterinary clinic!
your local veterinarian in the plains. call us today at 540-253-5619 to schedule your pet care appointment!

learn more 


 
veterinary services available
our veterinary hospital in the plains is pleased to provide a wide variety of small animal services for clients in the plains & surrounding areas. these services include wellness programs, dentistry, geriatrics & more! 

learn more 



previous slide
next slide




big city technology, small town charm
honest medicine is the cornerstone of our practice.our personalized service and small town atmosphere make a visit to the veterinarian less stressful to your pets and educational for you. please feel free to ask us any questions. the veterinarians at agape have many hours in post-graduate training in surgery and medical diagnostics. we offer minimally invasive surgery options and we offer alternative treatments for arthritis and post surgical rehabilitation. shockwave and acupuncture have proven to be excellent treatment modalities from dogs to horses. we also have preventative plans for breed specific problems.
we offer equine medicine and surgery in the field by appointment.  dr gray has a life time of knowledge and experience competing and working with horses across all disciplines.  she specializes in pre-purchase exams and lameness work. we also provide reproductive and dental services.
we are a small clinic with a loving staff and we hope to always make your visits here with us pleasant.
thank you for letting us serve you!



 
connect with us!




our online storerequest appointmentmeet our team 




 

honest medicine is the cornerstone of our practice.our personalized service and small town atmosphere make a visit to the veterinarian less stressful to your pets and educational for you. we are a small clinic with a loving staff and we hope to always make your visits here with us pleasant. please feel free to ask us any questions. 

 



            location hours        


monday8:00am – 5:00pm
tuesday8:00am – 5:00pm
wednesday8:00am – 5:00pm
thursday8:00am – 5:00pm
friday8:00am – 5:00pm
saturday9:00am – 1:00pm
sundayclosed

 

locationagape veterinary clinic6323 hopewell roadthe plains, virginia, 20198 
phone: 540-253-5619

fax: 540-253-5628

 






 rss
 twitter
 facebook

contact
about
privacy
sitemap
admin
 

                                                © copyright 2025 provided by covetrus avimark
						
                    | powered by lifelearn

















