



city of winchester uk, capital of wessex
























































we 
invite you to take a tour of the city of winchester, hampshire, uk
the ancient capital of wessex, a city of kings.



















  winchester cathedral










  historic winchester








  
winchester eats & treats



























reserved  















winchester walks  









reserved  















  touring around winchester














section  map













reserved  

















  museums and exhibitions







  places of worship








  schools & colleges








  parks & gardens








  why did they do that?









  reserved








  public services














sports and recreation  




































the brooks  








theatre & cinema  









reserved  








floods in winchester  








notices  









contact us  



















  winchester folk festival























reserved  















this site is privately funded. if you find it useful, please consider making a small donation to help ensure the information provided is available for others to enjoy.
























about the city of winchester uk
winchester is the ancient capital of wessex, the county town of hampshire, england. it is the burial place of many of 
england’s kings, queens, saints, and famous people such as jane austen, izaac walton and keats. 
here the rule of common law was established, the domesday book compiled, and the winchester bible written. 
many ancient institutions, such as hospitals, schools and religious foundations still survive to influence daily life in the city today.
the city of winchester website is a travel guide to winchester, hampshire, uk. 
here you can see pictures of winchester and discover aspects of the city that are not readily available via other web sites about winchester. 
the aim of this site is to provide you a useful ‘insiders’ guide to winchester and its surrounding area. find pictures of the world famous 
winchester cathedral, and ‘king arthur’s’ round table. discover some of the history of winchester and the
people that shaped the city. 
it’s one persons, sometimes quirky, view of the city. 
please enjoy your visit to city of winchester, uk.

















the city of winchester website is designed and published by g r howard, and the use of any part of the website, or facilities provided on it, are subject to 
terms & conditions.
under section 17 of the copyright, designs and patents act 1988, all text, photographs and content on this website is copyright © 1990 g r howard, unless otherwise stated.
if you wish to use any material from this site, please get in touch (email).


view our privacy policy






site map






© 1998 g r howard


website managed by
id winchester



top of page 







