







do it yourself crafts | pottery painting & crafts



























































0









        skip to content
      



























        projects
      



        events & classes
      



        parties
      













                    view studio events
                  






open menu
close menu




























        projects
      



        events & classes
      



        parties
      













                    view studio events
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  projects
                





                  events & classes
                





                  parties
                






                view studio events
              



















birmingham, alabamayour partner in creativity since 1999.paint-your-own pottery and more!















kind words from our community!










my son and i took the “give it a spin wheel try-it” class and loved it! the instructor was friendly,  knowledgeable, helpful, and encouraging.the owner and other staff were friendly and helpful too.– melissa o.






my son had his 8th birthday party and all of the kids loved it. the staff are great with kids of all ages and even kids that need a little extra help.it was great to have an activity that my art-loving child enjoyed and i didn’t have to clean up after a party!– tina w.






we love all the activities offered. we’ve participated in camp, painting, and pottery wheel. i’m interested in trying the glass fusion. my kids have done the glass and it’s beautiful!– amanda t.






























































come find out what you can create next!visit the studio



hours of creativitymonday - saturday: 10 am - 6 pmsunday: noon - 6 pmour address1909 oxmoor road in homewood, located behind the piggly-wiggly , off of highway 31(click for directions.)reservationsreservations are strongly recommended! table reservations have first priority. our studio fills up fast, so reserve your table for free! you can reserve a table for the next business day online or call us the day of to see if we have availability. 205-868-4346




    reserve your table
  




    handprint reservation
  




clay handbuildingwe are so excited to add clay handbuilding as a walk-in project at do it yourself crafts! these are fun and easy projects that anyone can do – no class or experience required!we call it our “dirt bag” and it’s so simple – anyone who can pinch or mold clay can create! you’ll get a bit more than a pound of clay and an 8” square tile to create on. anything you can fit on that tile can be fired. you’ll return in two weeks to paint your projects (for no additional charge), and then we’ll glaze fire your final creations. each person gets their own clay and tile to work with – no sharing, please. the price for you “dirt bag” is $29 (plus tax) and that includes two visits, and all firing needed. we have an instruction booklet and tools ready for you. additionally, we’ll make sure you understand the basics of slipping and scoring and other things to help you have a successful project. you have so many options on what you can create! we can’t wait to see what you come up with. you’ll get dirty, we promise! but it all washes out easily. reserve your table to come play in the dirt!















pottery wheelembark on a pottery adventure with our comprehensive pottery wheel throwing program, designed to cater to all skill levels. start your journey with our try-it pottery class, a one-and-a-half-hour session where you'll learn to form bowls and cups from clay. for just $50 (plus tax), you'll receive expert guidance and create a masterpiece of your own, with the finished, fired, and glazed item ready for pickup in three weeks.ready to take your skills to the next level? join our center-and-trim pottery class, the perfect continuation from the try-it class. this intermediate course focuses on refining your skills, starting with centering your clay in the first week and expertly trimming your pieces the next. offered on successive sundays for $95, you'll create four unique pieces, one of which will be fired and glazed. you can choose to have us glaze it for you or return for an additional session to learn the glazing process yourself.for those who have completed both the try-it and centering-and-trimming classes, our open pottery wheel sessions offer a perfect opportunity to further hone your skills. for just $25, enjoy a two-hour session where you can throw new pieces or trim existing ones. space is limited, so don't miss your chance to unleash your creativity and take home your unique creations. reserve your spot today!














let’s find something to create.our technique-based studio is prepared and excited to guide you through any project you choose. all you have to do is show up!















studio projectsour studio offers a large variety of walk-in projects, such as:pottery paintingclay impressionswheel throwingand more!





    pick a project
  















events & classeswe fill the community’s creative tank and host events for everyone, like:diy crafts summer campwheel throwing classcouples night





    explore events & classes
  















parties & group eventswe host the easiest parties for you. from set up to break down, leave the planning to us.kids birthday partiesgroup events for scouts, field trips, team building, etc.special parties for bachelorette parties, girls’ night out, etc.





    plan your next party
  














frequently asked questions









            i’ve never been to do it yourself crafts. how does it work?
          










it’s easy! you come in, pick out a project to paint (we’ve got a lot of items to pick from), paint it, leave it with us to be glazed and fired in the kiln, and come pick it up when we’ve texted you that it is ready!we have so many things to pick from – plates, bowls and mugs; home décor and seasonal items; pet bowls and treat jars; figurines of every type and size; banks and more!








            do i need a reservation? or are you accepting walk-ins?
          










walk-ins without reservations are accepted if we have space, but you can always make a reservation if you want to guarantee your table!our busiest times tend to be right after lunch, so if that’s when your plans have you coming to paint, we recommend calling to let us know you’d like a table.if we are full, we can generally let you know how long it will be until we think a table will be available.








            can i take my project home with me the same day?
          










everything we are doing right now requires a kiln-firing process before it can go home, so your items will stay here while we do what we need to do. most items are ready within a week, although clay and stoneware projects will take a bit longer. we will text you to let you know your projects are ready, but you are free to contact us if you think they should be ready and you haven't heard from us yet. 








            what projects are you offering?
          










currently, we are offering paint-your-own-pottery, which includes clay impressions and stoneware.








            do i have to come to a class or a party to come paint?
          










not at all! anytime we are open you can come in to create with us!








            do you still offer pottery-to-go?
          










yes! if you’d like to take pottery and paints with you to paint at home, that is still an option! you can pick your items and colors and we’ll pack everything up for you.you’ll return it all to us – including the extra paint you don’t use – and we’ll fire it for you. this is great if you are travelling and want a project for your trip, or if the hours we are open aren’t the ones when you’d like to paint.








            can items go in the dishwasher or microwave?
          










low-fire earthenware can never go in the microwave. if you’ve ever put something in the microwave and had the container get hotter than the food inside – that’s low-fire earthenware. most of what we have at do it yourself crafts is also low-fire earthenware, so we say do not put them in the microwave.as for the dishwasher, items can chip if they knock up against other items in the dishwasher, so we recommend that you hand-wash your hand-made items.








            what about stoneware? can it go in the microwave, dishwasher and oven?
          










yes, yes and no. because it is a vitrified clay body, stoneware can handle the microwave and dishwasher. but i don’t unload a kiln at 350 degrees, so i won’t tell you it’s okay to take an item out of the oven at 350 degrees. i’m worried about thermal shock, which is not fun at all!





















helpful linksaboutcontactprojectsevents & classesparties




































hours of creativitymonday - saturday: 10 am - 6 pmsunday: noon - 6 pmour address1909 oxmoor road,homewood, al 35209contact usphone: 205-868-4346email: doityourselfcrafts@gmail.com



copyright do it yourself crafts © 2023 · all rights reserved · designed by fired up mktg











