







 
 









international society of gynecologic cancer






































































 












 igcan directory


 login/create account

 




 donate









 




about

who we are
strategic pillars & goals
board of directors
committees
igcs news & updates
cervical cancer elimination
palliative care declaration
partnerships

partner organizations
industry partnerships


world of hope, donate today!
frequently asked questions


education & research

annual global meeting
education360
international journal of gynecological cancer
certificate programs
clinical guidelines
global event calendar
new online education offerings


membership

become a member
member benefits
strategic alliance
member engagement
2025 awards

awards & recognition




mentorship & training

global gynecologic oncology fellowship program
mis training program
project echo virtual tumor board
the international gynecologic radiation oncology consortium
early career research & publications network


advocacy for patients

igcanetwork

about igcanetwork
get involved
igcan programs
igcan advocacy network directory
advocacy committee
remembering dicey scroggins


grants & awards

equity, diversity & inclusion fund
advocacy award


education & resources

patient roundtables
advocacy summit
survivorship survey
the every woman study
awareness toolkits


igcan key advocacy initiatives

cervical cancer elimination
ucam


voices of hope
about gyn cancers


contact

igcs staff
advertising opportunities


 

 



























join us in cape town, south africa november 5 - 7 for the igcs 2025 annual global meeting. meeting website




imagine a world where every womanhas access to gynecologic cancer care, regardless of where she lives.
help make this vision a reality - support theigcs world of hope development campaign.
donate now









uniting the globe to transform gynecologic cancer care worldwidejoin our communitynews & events









join us in cape town, south africa november 5 - 7 for the igcs 2025 annual global meeting. meeting website




imagine a world where every womanhas access to gynecologic cancer care, regardless of where she lives.
help make this vision a reality - support theigcs world of hope development campaign.
donate now









uniting the globe to transform gynecologic cancer care worldwidejoin our communitynews & events









join us in cape town, south africa november 5 - 7 for the igcs 2025 annual global meeting. meeting websiteengaging offerings
igcs annualglobal meeting
meetinternational journal of gynecological cancer
readigcs education360learning portallearn




latest newsstay current on igcs programs, events, and community news.











board nominationsapply to be on the igcs board of directors! accepting applications february 12 – march 17, 2025.

membership




world cancer day 2025 - united by uniqueon this world cancer day, i am honored to join the global community in reflecting on their novel 3-year campaign theme, “united by unique.” the concept of unity amidst variety resonates deeply with igcs, as a notion central to our work and our diverse global community.

member spotlight




2025 awardsigcs is now accepting nominations from igcs members for the society’s organizational awards program! this year, the submission window has been lengthened to three months, with a deadline of may 1st. 

member spotlight




world of hope inspiring progressas we embark on a new year of hope and determination, we’re pleased to share the incredible strides made by the igcs world of hope campaign. we launched our campaign last year with clear goals in mind: to expand mentorship and training programs, extend our educational reach in lmics and pursue the elimination of cervical cancer. together, we’ve raised over $90,000 to drive meaningful action!   

member spotlight




importance of mentorshipmentors play a crucial role in the professional development and success of physicians and researchers in gynecologic cancer care, as in any other field of medicine. read dr. joe ng’s blog about the importance of mentorship. 

member spotlight




igcs 2025 annual global meetingjoin igcs november 5-7, 2025 in cape town for the 2025 annual global meeting! 

member spotlight






view all news and updatesour programsglobal curriculum: gynecologic oncology fellowship

global curriculum: gynecologic oncology fellowship

our flagship mentorship and training program building human capacity for gynecologic cancer care and research in regions that need it most.

read moreproject echo® virtual tumor boards
project echo® virtual tumor boards
a tele-mentoring program empowering clinicians to access expert knowledge to advance gynecologic cancer care wherever they live.
read moreeducational certificate programs

educational certificate programs
curated curriculums for focused learning in special topics including palliative care and the diagnoses and management of preinvasive cervical disease.
read moreearly career research and publications network
early career research and publications network
a supportive network of peers and mentors developing research projects and discussing publishing and writing as critical components to career development.
 
read morestrategic alliance partnerships
strategic alliance partnerships
aligning objectives, providing resources, and connecting gynecologic cancer clinicians and researchers throughout the world.
read moreinternational gynecologic cancer advocacy network
international gynecologic cancer advocacy network
a broad network of organizations and individuals working collaboratively to enhance the care of women with gynecologic cancers worldwide.
read more




our global communityour inclusive leadership and membership framework encourages interaction and growth across diverse social, political, and health care systems.  our society connects members with specific educational needs to those with corresponding resources and programs, forms partnerships, and otherwise enhances benefits to women not only in optimal but in the most challenging circumstances and environments.for patients our mission




join igcs in the fight againstgynecologic cancers worldwide.become a member 


















about
who we are
board of directors
committees
igcs news & updates
partnerships
global health equity
 

engage 
mentorship and training
for patients
 login / create account
donate now


contact

tel: 1 (707) 732-4427

address: 1445 woodmont ln nw #3234 atlanta, ga 30318 united states

email: igcs@igcs.org
 






privacy policy


igcs is a registered 501 (c)3. ein: 75-3269205 


© 2024 international gynecologic cancer society































we use cookies to help improve the experience on our website. to learn more, read our privacy policy. oknoprivacy policy










