


monkees 101: an introductory guide to the monkees













  

monkees news

congratulations to michael nesmith on his latest 
patent!  his patent for vr3d (virtual ranch 3d) was 
issued on christmas day, dec. 25, 2012! way to go 
papa nez! 

did the monkees come to your town?
michael nesmith, peter tork and micky dolenz 
embarked  on a 12 date reunion tour in 2012!
and another in 2013!
we hope everyone got to attend at least one of the shows!<


tour dates
thu 08 nov  california center for the arts - escondido ca 
fri 09 nov  arlington theatre - santa barbara ca 
sat 10 nov  greek theatre - los angeles ca 
sun 11  nov  flint center for the performing arts - cupertino ca 
thu 15 nov state theatre - minneapolis mn 
fri 16 nov the chicago theatre - chicago il 
sat 17 nov  lakewood civic auditorium - cleveland oh 
sun 18 nov  the center for the arts - buffalo ny 
thu 29 nov keswick theatre - philadelphia pa 
fri 30 nov state theatre regional arts center - new brunswick nj 
sat 01 dec  the paramount - huntington ny 
sun 02 dec the beacon theatre - new york ny
mon 15 jul capitol theatre, port chester, ny
tue 16 jul citi performing arts center, boston, ma  
wed 17 jul count basie theatre, red bank, nj 
fri 19 jul nycb theatre at westbury, westbury, ny 
sat 20 jul mann music theatre, philadelphia, pa 
sun 21 jul warner theatre, washington, d.c. 
tue 23 jul memorial auditorium, raleigh, nc 
wed 24 jul ryman auditorium, nashville, tn 
fri 26 jul st. augustine amphitheatre, st. augustine, fl 
sat 27 jul mizner park amphitheatre, boca raton, fl 
sun 28 jul ruth eckerd hall, clearwater, fl 
wed 31 jul long center, austin, tx 
thu 01 aug arena theatre, houston, tx 
fri 02 aug verizon theatre, grand prairie, tx 
sat 03 aug brady theater, tulsa, ok 
mon 05 aug paramount theatre, denver, co 
fri 09 aug mesa arts center, mesa, az 
sat 10 aug green valley events center, henderson, nv 
sun 11 aug humphreys, san diego, ca 
tue 13 aug terrace theatre, long beach, ca  
wed 14 aug mountain winery, saratoga, ca 
thu 15 aug uptown theatre, napa, ca 
sat 17 aug benaroya hall, seattle, wa 
sun 18 aug arlene schnitzer concert hall, portland, or
order your tickets now.  shows expected to sell out!


michael nesmith is said to be touring again in 2013

did you catch these 2012 nez tour dates?: 
fri 26 oct òran mór glasgow, uk 
sun 28 oct queen elizabeth hall, southbank centre london, uk
mon 29 oct rncm theatre manchester, uk
tue 30 oct union chapel london, uk

remember, if you're looking for nez videos, cds, downloads, etc., the 
best way to buy them is direct from nez at videoranch 
and don't forget, if you're on a pc, to check out the virtual video ranch 3d experience! you'll 
be glad you did!

peter tork has been touring solo and with shoe suede blues
remaining dates:
sat 08 sept state theater bay city, mi, us

micky dolenz has been touring with happy together
remaining dates:
fri 19 oct b.b. king's blues club new york, ny, us

micky's solo abum remember comes out sept. 25, 2012!



in loving memory of davy jones. 
our dear 
manchester cowboy has ridden off into the sunset. 
we are heartbroken to announce that our beloved monkee, 
davy jones has passed away. davy suffered 
a heart attack and passed away, the morning of wed. feb. 29, 
2012 at the tender age of 66. we are told that in his final 
moments, he was doing what he loved - working 
with his horses. our deepest sympathies go out 
to davy's family and friends and fans worldwide.

tickets for the davy jones memorial in new york, on 
april 3, 2012 sold out in advance.

a private funeral was held for davy in florida on wed. march 7. 
our hearts go out to davy's loved ones.

occupy beavertown!  a fan memorial service for davy 
was held at the church he owned in beavertown, pennsylvania. 
on sat. march 10, noon to 4pm. 


older news:

in 2011, mike was ordained as a minister in the universal life church to join 
his friends, a. whitney brown and carolyn wonderland in marriage.  


got a question?
ask peter tork!
peter offers advice and wisdom on a variety of topics:
http://www.thedailypanic.com

the monkeemobile fetched $360k at the annual barret-jackson auction in scottsdale, az 

have you visited the 3d virtual reality paradise created by michael nesmith?  if not, head over 
to videoranch.com, download & install vr3d and fasten your seatbelts for an awesome ride! nez is a 
gracious and generous host offering great 
music, drive-in movies and good times with your fellow fans! stop in, have some fun and 
make some new friends.

jason nesmith released a new album in 2010!
the album is entitled: shelter and jason says it is available everywhere.
so, pick up a copy, today!

congratulations to all the lucky fans who got to participate in micky's king for a day project! 
we hear it was awesome! 

the rhino reissues of the monkees catalog are available now!
have you ordered yours, yet?

look for friday music reissues beginning in may 2011!

andrew sandoval's long awaited book, the monkees: the day by day story of the 60s tv pop sensation
 (now available)made international headlines when it was the one billionth entry in the oclc worldcat book 
catalog used by librarians, worldwide! congratulations, andrew! 

monkees on dvd:
season one was released may 13, 2003
season two was released nov 18, 2003 

nez re-released elephant parts with new commentary
  


monkees101 news ticker sponsored by:

peace, love and helping make our world a better place!


the wait is over!

monkees - season one 

monkees - season two 
monkees (2 cd deluxe)
more of... (2 cd deluxe)
daydream believer - the monkees story (
 dvd) 
(
vhs)

andrew sandoval's "the monkees: the day 
by day story of the 60's tv pop sensation"










 
click here for the original and largest monkees e-mail discussion list. subscription info, 
rules, history and help files

 
click here for frequently asked questions. a reliable, comprehensive source for tons of  
monkees information.

 
click here for the davy jones fan memorials and rememberances page.

 
click here for question and answer sessions with monkees insiders.

 
click here for urls to the best information sites, fanclub and fanzine info, 
autoresponders, where to get monkees merchandise and monkees contact info.

 
click here for other monkees forums - lists, chats, boards. 

 
click here for a beginners guide to both general and monkees-specific netspeak.

 
click here to pick up cool monkees stuff (including some freebies) for your fave monkees fan.

 
click here to contact the listowner and moderators, 
in reference to the monkees mailing list.

 
click here to contact only the listowner/sitemaster, in reference 
to the monkees mailing list or this website.

 
click here for text 
links, by tree, to every page on this site. no tables, scripts, site graphics or banners.

 
click here to learn more about this site, the official monkees faqs, 
the monkees mailing list and melhi.






love is the ultimate trip buttons, shirts and gifts from glibware
that's a groovy button, what does it say? love is the ultimate trip!
not just a fan favorite from the clip on the monkees tv show, this was also a very popular slogan in the 60s.

















check out the glibware shop for lots more groovy ultimate trip gear and other fun stuff.














 
































click a 
button to visit another site on the monkees web ring tour!
thanks to ringmaster zan and 
designer nathan strum.
web ring and page logo graphics © nathan strum, 
1997.













this site contains paid and affiliate advertising - partly to serve the monkees fanbase with handy access to the titles and other monkees items 
mentioned or discussed on the site and partly to offset the costs of the site. additionally, the site owner may include advertising for her other 
projects. any reviews/opinions/etc expressed on this site are genuine and are unsolicited by merchants or advertisers. these would be published 
exactly as they are even if the site contained no paid or affiliate advertising.  in the event that a paid ad is ever accepted for publication on this site, that is submitted to the 
site owner in article, opinion or review form, it will be clearly marked as paid content.

unless otherwise noted, all text content, site design, etc., other than affiliate & non-affiliate ads, are original melhi creations, copyright melhi and may not be used without permission  the word "monkees"
is the trademarked property of rhino 
entertainment company





   





