







lyndale stairs | attic stairs | staircase design | staircase manufacturers | bespoke staircases


























call us today for a free survey01543 677780

your scrapbook:
login































 01543 677780






login



									home
								



									about us
								



									design
								



									areas we cover
								



									stairs								


style
timber
commercial
gallery




									ladders								


timber
aluminium
hatches
loft boarding




									installations
								



									news
								



									contact
								






request a free survey
							













×
request a free survey
(dependant on area) 



full name:



telephone number:



email:


request survey














midlands leading specialist
lyndale is one of the leading manufacturers & suppliers of high quality stairs and stair components in the uk.
we are proud to work on a personal and friendly level with our customers, giving them the confidence not only in our stairs and components, but the expert service and experience they receive from lyndale from the initial contact to job completion.  






























our services & products
here at lyndale we offer everything from grand rustic bespoke staircases to the modern contemporary and everything in between including the cost effective alternatives. our aim is to enhance your home exponentially to your specifications. from residential properties to commercial site plots, lyndale stairs ltd works tirelessly to provide the high quality service that our clients have come to expect over the last twenty years, at extremely competitive prices. with our no-obligation free survey we can get you one step closer to getting a stunning new feature in your home.








design
creating your ideal design
if you wish lyndale to design a staircase for you, then you can just forward your architect’s plans or any basic measurements that you have and that will allow us to design the staircase for you or alternatively call us today to talk to one of our designers who can help you along the way. 






staircases
crafting your perfect staircase
your staircase can say a lot about your home, therefore you want your staircase to be a focal point, a feature that not only stands out, but also compliments the setting. here at lyndale we want, and can, provide the perfect design to meet all of your expectations and more. 





installations
installation by expert fitters
after crafting your perfect staircase, we can also have our team of skilled fitters install it for you. giving you a complete service and peace of mind that one company will be responsible from start to finish. as well as new staircases, we also renovate existing stairs to offer the same style as a new staircase. 






loft ladders
safe & convenient access
we have many different types of loft ladders to suit all different applications and uses. as well as ladders, we also offer loft boarding, insulation & roof windows all at very competitive prices. 







help & guidance
find out about the terminology and technical language associated with the design and production of stairs and stair systems to assist you in communicating your ideas and requirements to our designers. we also have a separate design guide to assist you in the design process. 

contact us
terminology guide








what our customers say




just a quick note regarding the installation of our loft ladders done this morning. the installation was done successfully. we are very pleased with the work done and most impressed with the installation that was accomplished both very quickly and most efficiently. your fitter was very polite and accommodating. we were very impressed. all that remains now is to see that it works well over time which i am sure it will. neil & alison evans, walsall




we had our stairs fitted by your installation team, they are a credit to your company, a professional and polite team, we are really pleased with the result. a special mention to your surveyor, who not only helped us with the installation but with other aspects of the project, a very pleasant and amicable chap again a credit to your company. thank you very much to all involved and lyndale would definitely get our recommendation! kay & kevin whitmore, aldridge




the work on our staircase completed today and i really only have two words to say: wow & sensational. the work started by the installation team has been terrific. we are over the moon with the new appearance of our hall, stairs and landing. what a transformation ! thanks to you all at lyndale stairs. john & carol bell, wolverhampton




just wanted to drop you a quick email to say how pleased we are with the stairs that have been completed today. thank you so much, wouldn't hesitate to recommend you. mr withers, atherstone




we are extremely pleased with the service, fitting and quality of our new lyndale loft ladder. the work was carried out by polite, professional staff, to a high standard. we will no longer have to worry about climbing an unsafe stepladder to gain access to our loft. we can say without hesitation that we will recommend lyndale stairs to our friends whenever the opportunity arises. thank you to all concerned. john & frances carr, burntwood




i would like to say thank you for the excellent customer service i have recieved from lyndale. your surveyor was reall helpful and thanks to the design teams ideas i have a better staircase than i ever thought i could have. your installation team did a beautiful job - so neat and tidy with a perfect finish. thank you once again! samantha buswell, stonnall




we are very pleased with what we have had fitted today. your fitter arrived on time and completed the job in an efficient and tidy manner. we are very pleased how he made good the plasterwork. we are happy with both the product and the service given and would definitely recommend your company. jeanne and rob rollason, burntwood




just a quick response to say how very pleased we are with our new loft ladder and hatch.  the installation team were fantastic, very professional, with excellent workmanship; they just got on with the job and even cleaned up afterwards!  they demonstrated how the hatch and ladder worked and gave us full confidence in the product. we will recommend lyndale to our friends and family without hesitation lesley and kevin blackburn, uttoxeter




another very satisfied customer! fitters arrived on time - very presentable and friendly - good protection to carpets - quick and professional installation to a high quality of workmanship - complete clearance of debris - at good price. perfect service and would recommend to anyone. mr kevin blackhall, rugeley




hi lyndale,
i absolutely love the stairs!!! your fitter is such a gentleman too.
thank you all. mrs spencer, four oaks




we had our staircase re-fitted today and it looks fantastic. many thanks to all of you for a very professional job. special thanks to your installation team for their superb craftsmanship and to the office for organising things and keeping us informed at every step of the process. brilliant customer service. many thanks dawn and dennis shaw, rugeley




 
just to say that we are very pleased with the installation - certainly a transformation and a vast improvement to the look of our stairs and landing.
thanks to all your staff concerned. john and edwina gwinnett, wolverhampton




 
thank you for the work on the stairs, we are very impressed. please pass on our thanks to your colleagues who carried out the work. mr & mrs urbicki, longford, newport




i have to give credit where i feel it’s due.
it’s all to common to hear people complain when things go wrong but you don’t often hear words of gratitude when things go right.
i would therefore, be most grateful if you would convey my gratitude to the fitter who fitted our staircase and i would be most grateful if you also let his supervisor know.
he has done a truly marvellous job of fitting the staircase and conducted himself in a professional manner whilst doing so. it was a pleasure to see a craftsman at work. not so many about these days!
i would have no reservations about recommending your company to anybody. well done! mr house, atherstone




can i take this opportunity to thank you for providing such an excellent service. all of your team, including the fitters and polisher, have been very friendly, polite and professional. thanks to the offices in particular who worked patiently to help design and organise the fitting and polishing of the stairs. i have worked with alot of companies during my build project and not all of them have been such positive experiences. the customer service has been impeccable throughout being extremely helpful and the lines of communication and following up on queries has been faultless. it's been a real pleasure to do business with lyndale. thank you. mrs chhokar, sutton coldfield




regarding the polishing:
pleasent, efficient, satisfactory in every respect, thanks. mr crawford, lichfield




regarding the polishing:

really pleased with your polishers work, polished the staircase to a stunning colour, thankyou! mr & mrs hyde, norton canes




just a note to say thank you for a great job with my new stairs. we are very pleased with the finished article and with the courteous and efficient service we have had from all involved. as you know, we had been let down by 2 previous companies and it was good to find a company like lyndale that was professional from start to finish.  please could you pass our thanks to all involved, it was a pleasure to deal with a company such as yours. i would also thank you for your patience in dealing with this project and for pushing it through sooner than expected. best regards mr & mrs bound, kenilworth




fantastic job - great service dr agarwal, wolverhampton




very friendly staff and have done a fantastic job. it all looks very good! mr & mrs palmer, lichfield




may i thank you for our installation today and congratulate your company for an overall superb experience! 
our fitter today was  hard working, demonstrated professionalism and his workmanship was second to none, even with the temperature in the loft being quite high! 
my wife and i are very pleased indeed with the installation and thank you, please pass on our thanks to your fitter and all involved. 
kind regards
 
  mr & mrs grocott, stafford




your installation team have done a great job. it has been expertly done and i am very grateful to fitters for their first-class carpentry. it can't be easy to put in a small window into the roof from inside and would you please thank him from me for his skilful work.
i would like to thank lyndale for the quality you achieve - i've already recommended you to my neighbour, who's thinking about loft space!
best wishe mr m spencer, sutton coldfield





thank you lyndale for a job very well done!
excellent job! bridgwater, great barr




we are very pleased with our decision to use lyndale stairs, because as much attention was paid to refurbishing the existing stairs as the re cladding - our stairs are now solid and do not creak and flex. at the quoting and design stage, the surveyor was very helpful and knowledgeable which inspired confidence.
during installation, the fitters were excellent, both in their workmanship and liasing with us over small details to the plan.
the polisher spent a lot of time taking the work to the next level by filling any gaps with an appropriately coloured wax so that all the joints are seamless. in addition, his use of a non slip slip varnish on the bottom two treads has meant we have not had to hide the beauty of the oak with carpet.
whilst there was a problem with one pane of glass, without hesitation, it was replaced. in my opinion lyndale stairs as a company, reacted admirably to a problem, plus the fitter was able to replace it without fuss or damage.
it was certainly very nice to deal with a company where it is obvious that everybody is working towards giving the customer exactly what they want and to a high standard. mr darby, kenilworth




the stairs look amazing.  thanks to all that helped put it together right from planning to finishing stages.  all the staff are an asset to the company including the polisher.
your quotation was a bit higher than one of your competitors, but i chose to go with lyndale stairs because of the customer service offered by yourself right from the outset.  in particular, how you explained everything to me.
thank you once again. kalirai, wolvehampton




thank you for an excellent job in replacing our staircase. we are delighted with the end result.
your team all worked professionally and produced good quality craftmanship. mr & mrs craddock, burntwood




fantastic job, thank you for all your great work.
five stars!!! stella barnfield, alrewas




i just wanted to drop you a note to say thank you to you and the team for a fantastic job on our new oak staircase.
 
from start to finish the team supported us in a friendly and professional way, especially with the testing times of covid 19. 
 
thanks for matching the stairs to the new parquet floor.
 
the fitters attention to detail and commitment to their trade was great and really refreshing to see.
 
please pass on our thanks to them, as what they achieved has been really appreciated. scott gripton, lichfield




just had new stair rails fitted. was a bit nervous as i hadn’t heard of the company before but found from start to finish the experience was really good!
dean the surveyor was really thorough and bought spindles for us to look at as i wasn’t sure what i wanted
will the fitter was superb. did an absolutely brilliant job, so much so that when he didn’t arrive on the last day but they sent matt i was initially a bit concerned. however he did a really good finish to the job and now i’m really pleased with the look!
everyone i’ve spoken to or interacted with have been really professional and very nice. would absolutely recommend! mary meacham, lichfield




great job and service from top to bottom! thank you olga dubova, evesham




lyndale stairs have boarded our loft today, including fitting a new hatch and ladder. the difference this has made to the storage potential in our home is amazing and the service was outstanding from initial quote to fitting. at an excellent price too, we would not hesitate to recommend lyndale stairs to anyone. emma shelton, cannock




we are very pleased with our new stairs and  cupboard. 
i also want to say how impressed we were with mat who undertook our work. he worked really hard all day with only a very short lunch break. arrived on time and kept us informed of his progress, and asked our opinion as to options as and when required. 
he was very pleasant to have in the house and cleaned up well after his visits - put my my housework standards to shame! 
thank you for your efforts we would recommend you to any future potential customers. pat and john collins, shenstone




just wanted to thank you so much for organising the de-construct of our stairs at short notice this afternoon.
will, who fitted our stairs originally, carried out the work superbly.
both myself and the wife have been so impressed with the way that you have responded to our plea for help in the stairs de-construction.
to be honest, this mirrors the brilliant experience we had when your company originally fitted the stairs a few years back. mr & mrs golder, four oaks




the fitters sent to board our loft space have just left, having carried out a lovely job of fitting the floor & ladders.
they were both courteous & cleaned up all residual mess nicely. you wouldn't know they'd been here.
 
the loft is now fit for purpose re storage space after nearly 40yrs!
 
use of the entry hatch & ladder was explained & demonstrated thoroughly & succinctly.
 
thanks to all the team for an excellent service.
 
kind regards,
 
mrs carole burton.  carole burton, lichfield




dear lyndale,
 
thank you so much for ythe immaculate work that your company has done for our staircase. it has transformed our house. i would also like to mention that the fitter matt was very professional and did a fabulous job. i will definitely recommend you.  janan hill, sutton coldfield




loft ladder
we would just like to say thank you so much for such a good job! the two fitters was so polite and helpful and extremely clean .....all demonstrated how it all works .....so we are so pleased with the work completed and just so happy we chose a local company ....from start to finish a great job thanks again. regards steve and karen helden mr & mrs helden, whittington




afternoon,
joyce & i would like to say a big thank you to you and your installation teams in supplying and fitting not only the new stairs but also the new landing floor all completed and ready for our daughter's wedding on 4 september. we always knew the schedule was tight but you pulled out the stops for us and we cannot wait to see the photos of lydia coming down the new glass stairs in her wedding dress.
thanks once again. the floor and stairs look magnificent.
 
best regards
 
joyce & richard smith mr & mrs smith, little aston




hi,
just wanted to drop you a message to say have pleased we are for the work carried out by stuart & danny, they have both done an excellent job, polite & tidy workers . thank you 
regards
jo & nigel beardsmore mr & mrs beardsmore, rugeley




further to the completion of my staircase today i just want to thank your company for the outstanding work carried out.
the complete process from initial quotation to completion was to agreed timescales and cost and the fitter was extremely professional and left the area clean and tidy.
we would definitely use your company again for future projects.
regards
steve edgworth steve edgworth, solihull




thank you to the team at lyndale for their efficient and professional attention to detail before and during the installation of our loft ladder.
matt worked quickly and carefully to complete the work and ensure that we were happy with the smooth and easy operation of the ladder.
 
margaret and mike pearson margaret pearson, lichfield





area’s we cover
below are some of the areas that lyndale stairs cover, please do not hesitate to contact us if the area you are looking for isn’t listed

ashbourne
congleton
derbyshire
east midlands
gloucester
leamington spa
leicestershire
london
milton keynes
newport
newport pagnell
north east
north west
nottinghamshire
nuneaton
oxfordshire
south east
south west
staffordshire
tamworth
wales
warwickshire
west midlands
yorkshire











scrapbook
save your favourite styles
save any of the images that you like into you very own scrapbook. you can log-in at anytime to view these and add or delete the images as you like. when you are ready, you can call us and we can view your scrapbook with you and discuss any of the designs in more detail. please log-in or register your details. login now
or
register












our recent work
this shows a selection of our most recent works. currently we are working adding to this section and new images will be updated when they are available. 












add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book













add to my scrap book














useful links

about us
ladders
design
installations
areas we cover
news
stairs
contact
privacy



latest news

quintillis road, berkshire
supplying staircases now in berkshire & many more areas
read more...


contact us
unit 1, mount road, burntwood, staffordshire, ws7 0aj
01543 677780
sales@lyndalestairs.co.uk
























copyright © lyndale stairs limited 2025all rights reserved.


designed & developed byweb design lichfield







 contact us
 back to top






