













mothers with attitude









































































mothers with attitude



humor and help for adoptive moms, special-needs moms, any old moms at all.

































































































welcome to mothers with attitude!





find all the articles on this site using the list below, and visit the blog parenting isn't pretty for more thoughts and rants about parenting children with special needs.

frustrated by the lack of employment prospects for your young adult with intellectual or developmental disabilities? take a survey and help me brainstorm a resource that will help us all.

check out my books on special education advocacy and sensory processing—plus a new one on inclusion by my co-podcaster nicole eredics.


parent's portfolio


for school:




adoption

concerns about "the giver" and "the truman show"

regarding "baby picture" assignment

regarding "imagine you are an orphan" assignment



fetal alcohol spectrum disorder

behavior management plan for fasd

handling [child]'s behavior

helping [child] behave

introduction to [child]

introduction to "the nurtured heart approach"
google drive folder of fasd materials



language and learning disabilities

accommodations requested

behavior management plan for multiple disabilities

observations on how [child] learns

recommended modifications



post-institutionalization issues

behavior management plan for multiple disabilities



sensory integration dysfunction

note to the gym teacher




for home:



adoption

on adopting older children



behavior

on counting to three

on impulse control

on lying
lying vs. “truthiness”

on tic disorders



education

on homework

on kindergarten readiness: a teacher's perspective

on kindergarten readiness: a pediatric nurse practitioner's perspective



medication

on fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and medications





contributor's corner



essays:




a few feet and a world apart

a message for those who look but don’t see. | by kristina smith blizzard



dealing with disruption

in the aftermath of hurricane katrina, the mother of a child with special needs tries to keep things in perspective. | by sharon dufrene



athletes choke, but moms don't

a sports writer salutes his mvp. | by mark dewar



three little words

the things we take for granted. | by amy krause



"let him try it"? let's not.

for some kids, "trying and seeing" is like tightrope walking without a net. | by stephanie mullins



what's happened in five years

celebrating the little and big things kids bring. | by chrystal ziliotto



the misunderstood child

a poem about children with hidden disabilities. | by kathy winters



could you?

a mother's challenge. | by dee o'neill



meet "halinka"

a great read for parents of older eastern european adoptees and their children. | by nancy dynes



why the silence?

a mother's reaction to child abuse in the archdiocese of boston.



keeping christmas sane

a mom of 18 tells all. | by mary-jo jackson



reading list

adoption books for kids. | by mary robertson




book excerpts:




an anorexia primer

excerpt from eating with your anorexic: how my child recovered through family-based treatment and yours can too by laura collins



cross-cultural adoption. the do's and don'ts for grown-ups

excerpt from cross cultural adoption: how to answer questions from family, friends & community by amy coughlin and caryn abramowitz



the power of a clumsy hello

excerpt from fbi girl by maura conlon-mcivor





your expectations about the emotional needs of your child

an excerpt from the post-adoption blues: overcoming the unforeseen challenges of adoption by karen j. foli, ph.d., and john r. thompson, m.d.



the wild boy

excerpt from not even wrong: adventures in autism by paul collins



sensory integration inspiration

excerpts from love, jean: inspiration for families living with dysfunction of sensory integration by a. jean ayres, philip erwin and zoe mailloux



an unexpected journey

excerpt from little people: learning to see the world through my daughter's eyes by dan kennedy




[can't read that fast? go to love notes for special parents for the full text of these inspirational notes, written and designed by terri mauro]










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home















the parenting roundabout podcast





share this on facebook





think that current "cut and paste this to support special needs" post lets folks off the hook? share this one instead.



about me





terri mauro


terri mauro has been the about.com guide to parenting children with special needs and blog manager for friendship circle. she is the author of 50 ways to support your child's special education and the everything parent's guide to sensory processing disorder (an update to her earlier book the everything parent's guide to sensory integration disorder). she is a cohost on the parenting roundabout podcast and previously was cohost of the inclusive class podcast, her humorous website, mothers with attitude, was named a usa today hot site and a good housekeeping site of the day. 

view my complete profile



more from terri


by terri mauro
the parenting roundabout podcast
twitter
facebook




find what you're looking for



home


blog: parenting isn't pretty


parent's portfolio


contributor's corner


recommended reading


store





encouraging words































































simple theme. theme images by nic_taylor. powered by blogger.
























