


starstuffs - healing the mind, body and spirit































starstuffs
healing the mind, body and spirit
shamanism, ascension, awakening consciousness, spirituality, metaphysics, physics and consciousness, animal totems, chakras


"the words upon these pages mean nothing in themselves: just shapes that form characters with meaning.
but woven between the words is a message that speaks from a long-forgotten part of you." (starstuffs "who be you")






animal totemsprimal spiritual animal connections to teach the soul through discover and animal awareness, meanings of feathers, sacred directions, along with various animal dictionaries to aid your quest
physics and consciousness a new paradigm in quantum interconnectedness: how science, frequency, thought and applied shamanism are inter-related with a comprehensive book list and related links
who be you? your soul's calling to the path of love: personal power within perceptions and energy, illusions, emotions, intentions to discover your soul path of love. which do you choose - love or fear?
inner wisdom loving steps to spiritual awareness: personal power steps for soul awakening through energy awareness, recognizing life dramas, synchronicities and one's interconnection to all things
wolf gallery compilation of many of my favorite wolf images from lone wolves to wolf packs along with inspiring quotes and "wolf" as said in different languages along with many conservation links
articles a variety of inspirational writings and eclectic articles i've written over time on spirituality, religion, awareness and personal development with lessons of hope, faith and love 
inspirational sayings this section contains inspiring quotations and sayings from a vast range of people from eeyore to the talmud, from einstein to st. thomas aquinas
native american prayers prayers are said with the heart and carried on wind- a unique artful collection of various prayers/hymns about great spirit, earth, oneness, nature, along with blessings and encouragement
native american spirituality this section has been undergoing a major renovation. it will return when time allows.
hanoochi one from the stars - an inspiring variety of spiritual poetry with artistic sights and moving sounds along with insightful quotations to move your spirit
the chakras this section has been undergoing a major renovation. it will return very soon!

art gallery digital art images such as dolphins, wolves, mandalas, scenics, pyramids, space, numerous animals along with geometric and abstract creations 
christmasmeaning of x-mas, candy cane symbolism, the 12 days of christmas, christmas around the world and numerous small flash greeting cards
 
home
about
reader's comments
affirmations
humorous links
contact
bookmark





welcome

hello everyone, welcome to my corner of the universe. you will find a variety of topics to aid in your soul's search for meaning. what i've shared in each subject area are topics that interest me and hold valuable universal truths of being, living, thinking along with demonstrating our dynamic interconnection to the whole of creation. each section is a small part of the holographic classroom of religions, beliefs and philosophies that inspire me to share ideas and thoughts as i have for so long.


many of the subjects you will find here were initially written, web published and online since 1997 as spiritual healing and teaching tools for those i met and those i've counseled. i've written all the main web sections you see here, unless otherwise noted. there have been several revisions over the years with even more items to add as time warrants, so please pardon the stardust of construction..just as the universe changes, so shall these contents. 

please choose your interest from the variety of links showing on the left. 
p.s. many of the web pages are undergoing revisions and expansions, so please be patient as the changes take place.




email starstuffs or
facebook

copyright © 20xx
share




