

folderclone automated file and folder backup software




download 
purchase
product information
faqs


what users are saying

registration key recovery
salty brine products
tech support
















with over 25 years of experience, millions of worldwide downloads, and used by most fortune 500 companies, you can rely on us.



looking for a simple way
 to back up your data? 

folderclone lets you make an identical copy of a
 folder from one drive to another.  it can copy files between a desktop 
computer and a laptop, or replicate data between a workstation and a 
server.  it can also copy important files from your hard drive to 
another location (external drive, nas) or to cloud storage providers 
such as onedrive, google drive, etc.
'set it and forget it'

folderclone runs in the background, periodically checking the 
source folder and updating the target folder with new or changed files. 
it does this automatically without you having to do anything! you never 
need to think about this again!

let's be honest 

you are 
going to lose files one day.  your hard drive will crash, you'll 
accidentally delete some important file, etc.  life happens!  if this 
has ever happened to you, you know how stressful this is.  the amount of
 money and time that this can cause can be astronomical!  a recent 
report by verizon found that "small" instances of data loss (around 100 
lost records) cost businesses an average of $18,120 to $35,730. the same
 study found that large-scale data loss (100+ million records) costs an 
average of $5 million to $15.6 million. with folderclone, if something 
ever happens to your source files, the program can easily restore them 
from the copies on the target folder.



















check out what
                            other users have said about folderclone.  


if you like what you read, try it
                          yourself for 30 days at no cost.  you read that
                          correctly- keep your data in sync for free for the
                          next 30 days.  what have you got to lose?  click
                            here to download the latest version of
                          folderclone.  thank you
                          for taking the time to evaluate folderclone. we
                          appreciate your business.


richard's computer crashed.  
fortunately, he had been backing up using
                                  folderclone. 
here is what he had to say:
folderclone
was
                                  wonderful. the computer i was copying
                                  files to from the server merely needed it's
                                  name changed on the network and immediately
                                  became my
                                  server.  hardly any hassle at all. 
                                  sadly, the real frustration has been getting
                                  the old server back up again and getting all
                                  the files re-established.  i am really
                                  pleased i found your product."   
r. kilburn






benefits of folderclone


easy - just a few-clicks to back up using an intuitive user interface
automatic - scheduled, unattended back up of your files
anywhere -  back up to to an external drive, a network attached storage device, a server, or a cloud storage provider
simple - quick and simple to restore files in case of emergency
reliable - over 25 years of experience, millions of worldwide downloads, and used by most fortune 500 companies. 













 looking for a file/folder comparison and synchronization tool?
check out foldermatch
looking to compare web pages?  
check out html match

looking for a duplicate file finder? 
check out doppelganger.




your privacy is important to us!  when you visit and navigate our sites 
and when you communicate with us via our website, we will not collect 
personal information about you unless you provide us that information 
voluntarily.if you provide personal information to us voluntarily via 
our website, we will not sell or license that information outside of 
salty brine software.  more complete information is available here.
salty brine software   all rights reserved.







