




















































the misadventures of stephanie — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































divasteph
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














divasteph







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








the misadventures of stephanie
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile

> steph's page bringing sunshine to an otherwise dull world
> previous 10 entries



july 8th, 201111:59 am - now i have 2stupid spam folder!(1 comment | leave a comment)july 30th, 200604:14 pm - my horoscopes...etcso,i recycled all my old bottles and such today... 4 huge bags = $6i now have $6 to my name... yay meplus i did something good for the world... i wonder what my bottles and glasseswill one day become?there were lots of homeless or near homeless people there... it was hot... and i waited aroundummm 1 hour...it smelled bad... but it's good for the earth and for meeverything in the middle east today is horrible... i want a cease fire... i want the death to stopit's senseless... we want our land... we want our freedom... hezbola sucks... but it's not worth all the deathall the horrormy horoscopesunday, july 30, 2006virgo (aug 23 - sep 22) it's difficult for you to let go, for your practical side provides an anchor to hold you steady. additionally, you usually have a backup plan if that should fail. now, however, you might benefit from temporarily cutting yourself free and feeling the exhilaration of floating in zero gravity. don't worry; your parachute will open just in time.monday, july 31, 2006virgo (aug 23 - sep 22) you thought you would enjoy yourself by being more involved in group activities, but you probably didn't plan on it turning into so much work. whether or not you are being paid for your efforts, you may not be in a position to quit before it's completed. the pressure is on you; it's best to stand up to the plate and make a solid hit.(1 comment | leave a comment)july 29th, 200611:53 pm - more ebay wins that have started to come in...i know... but i totally bid on them when i was stuck in bed...anthropologie dressloop keyboard clutchpurple gumball machine (i think to sell my buttons/picks out of ... or just for fun at home on display or with gum)you rock...loop tote my fabulous purple vintage suitcase... it's amazing...and was soooo cheap!and of course the purple violin...this week was crazy and fun and nuts and tiring...mon. work with no jaclyntues. work with no jaclynwed. santa monica pier trip daythurs. jaclyn back...scuba day with huge inflatable water slides... i was in charge of snow cones... yet, i rode the slides with lisa all afternoon and fell asleep around 6pmfri. shabbat at camp then shabbat at tbh (welcome dinner for day school, tot shabbat, teaching/leading rikud, then leading adult service with rabbi sarah)sat. led shira and havdallah for tbh brotherhood "fiddler on the lawn" musical sing-a-long, and barb-b-que.xoxook i sleepy...(1 comment | leave a comment)11:16 am - i'm sad, and scaredhatred hits home: 6 shot at jewish officeby seattle times staffa man who described himself as a muslim american angry with israel barged into the offices of the jewish federation of greater seattle on friday afternoon and opened fire with a handgun, killing one woman and wounding five others before surrendering to police. the dead woman was identified this morning as pamela waechter, 58. this morning, officials at harborview medical center say three women critically injured in the gunfire have been upgraded from critical to serious condition. three of the victims underwent surgery last night. they are layla bush, 23, of seattle; christina rexroad, 29, of everett; and cheryl stumbo, 43, of seattle. they are in the intensive care unit, said pamela steele, hospital spokeswoman. the two other victims, dayna klein, 37, of seattle, and carol goldman, 35, of seattle, remain in satisfactory condition. waechter grew up in minneapolis, minn., as a lutheran, the daughter of a businessman. she converted to judaism after marrying bill waechter, an airline pilot, and the couple moved to seattle in 1979. after raising their two children, waechter became a student at the university of washington, graduating with a degree in nutrition. she became much more active in the jewish community than her husband, bill waechter, from whom she is now divorced. she worked at jewish family service and later at the jewish federation, where she did outreach and fundraising. she rose from secretary to two-term president at temple b'nai torah.police identified the arrested suspect as naveed afzal haq, 30, who until recently had lived in everett. a law-enforcement source said haq apparently has a history of mental illness. haq, described as a studious loner, was raised in the tri-cities area and his family has close ties to the local muslim community center. court records show haq has a charge of lewd conduct pending against him in benton county. a bail hearing for haq is set for this afternoon. king county prosecutors are expected to ask a judge to set bail at several million dollars, according to dan donohoe, spokesman for the king county's prosecutors office. the shooting came a day after the fbi had warned jewish organizations nationwide to be on alert after hezbollah leaders in lebanon and al-qaida's second in command urged that the war raging in the middle east be carried to the u.s. however, the law-enforcement source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there is no evidence that haq was involved with any group. "he said he hates israel," said the source, who is part of the seattle joint terrorism task force, which was called in to help investigate the shootings. david gomez, the assistant special agent-in-charge of the seattle fbi office, said there is "nothing to indicate he is part of a larger organization." "we believe he is a lone individual with antagonism toward this organization," said gomez. police and witnesses say the man forced his way through a security door just after 4 p.m. after an employee had keyed in the access code. he began firing indiscriminately with a semiautomatic 9-mm handgun. the man announced he was a muslim american as he began shooting, according to people who talked to the survivors. seattle police assistant chief nick metz said there were at least 18 people in the offices when the shooting started. many fled out a back door as the gunfire erupted. the jewish federation of greater seattle, founded in 1926, is an umbrella organization for the local jewish community. it raises money for jewish social-welfare organizations, runs youth and adult jewish educational programs, and engages in efforts in support of israel. the federation's mission is to ensure jewish survival and enhance the quality of jewish life locally, in israel and worldwide. the center is located on third avenue between lenora and virginia streets in belltown. witnesses say the gunman shot one receptionist, then ordered her to dial 911. he then took the phone from her. "he told the police that it was a hostage situation and he wanted us to get our weapons out of israel," said one woman who works in the building and heard the account from the wounded co-worker. during a news conference friday night, seattle police chief gil kerlikowske said that, based on the conversation haq had with 911 dispatchers, police are treating the shootings as a hate crime. u.s. attorney john mckay said his office will review the information to determine if federal hate-crime charges will be filed. the woman, who would not allow her name to be used, said she was at her desk when she heard what she thought were balloons popping. "it went 'pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!' and then we heard a woman scream," said the employee. the man surrendered about 15 minutes after the shooting started. a harborview medical center spokesman said all of the victims were women. three were in critical condition and underwent surgery friday evening. one of the victims was identified by family members as bush. "we just heard she's alive a minute or two ago," said her mother, kathryn bush, from her home in panama city, fla. she was in critical condition friday night. dozens of police responded and quickly cordoned off the area. at first, officers didn't know whether there was more than one shooters or how many people had been injured. heavily armed swat officers searched "every room, closet and crawl space" in the two-story building, looking for additional suspects and victims, said police spokesman rich pruitt. . members of the department's bomb squad swarmed around the suspect's white pickup, which was parked in a nearby lot. the vehicle was later impounded. the law-enforcement source said haq had a license to carry a concealed weapon, though not the weapon that was used in the shootings. federation employee marla meislin-dietrich said security videotapes show the gunman shoved his way past another employee who had just entered a pass code to open a security door. "he was armed and he pushed his way in," she said. amy wasser-simpson, the vice president for planning and community services for the jewish federation, said the man announced "i'm a muslim american; i'm angry at israel," then began shooting. wasser-simpson said she heard the account from staff members who witnessed the shootings. wasser-simpson was not in the building because she was working from home. she is in charge of the organization at present because the federation's new chief executive officer has yet to start the job and the interim ceo is out of town. haq's parents and friends were stunned that he had been arrested and booked into the king county jail for investigation of homicide. no criminal charges have been filed. his 1994 yearbook photograph from richland high school showed a smiling haq with the words "peace be unto you." a man who answered the door friday night at the pasco home of haq's parents said the house was a federal crime scene. the man, who would not identify himself, said the family was not available. hundreds of people have died in israel and lebanon since lebanon-based hezbollah guerrillas seized two israeli soldiers in a cross-border raid july 12, prompting israeli air strikes in lebanon and a barrage of rockets fired at israel by hezbollah. friday night is the start of the jewish sabbath, and rabbis were trying to find out more about security in preparation for that night's services. robert jacobs, the regional director of the anti-defamation league, issued a recommendation to every jewish institution, synagogue and temple that they get their people out of their buildings "until we find out if it's a lone incident." "we're trying to keep the community as calm as possible," he added. kerlikowske said extra officers would be posted at temples, synagogues and mosques in the area even though seattle police and the fbi believe the shooter acted alone. he said police would be posted at mosques to prevent "retaliatory" crimes. rabbi daniel weiner of temple de hirsch sinai had said he was checking with police to see if security there needed to be bolstered. several rabbis said friday night they were continuing with services despite the shootings. "even if [the shooting] is based on hate, we're not going to let that have any kind of victory over our community gathering," said rabbi jonathan singer of seattle's temple beth am. rabbi daniel weiner of temple de hirsch sinai, which has locations in seattle and bellevue, said friday evening that he was checking with police to see if more security would be needed for that evening's service(2 comments | leave a comment)july 25th, 200610:25 pm - my newest friend / instrumentmeet the newest member of my familyviolette...the violet violin... yes, thanks to ebay, i now have a purple violin...if i start to play as well as i used to it will be a wonder... i'm not so bad... but no where near as good as i used to be... i hope it's like a bicycle... i ust have to get used to it again...current location: north hollywood, cacurrent mood: creativecurrent music: that old time rock'n'roll(1 comment | leave a comment)july 22nd, 200606:17 pm - i made this for taylorbut myspace is being annoying so i can't put it up to show her yet.so, i'm putting it here(leave a comment)02:48 pm - my next big show~ *** my 25th birthday party/show!!! *** ~                     highland grounds *with the amazing rebecca berlin & fabulous taylor greenwood*ok.... so, i will be a quarter of a century and that is a super scary thought... help me drink and sing the night away with a super duper fabulous party on my actual birthday... i am going on at 10pm... mark your calendars.... i will not forgive you for missing this one!!! 8pm. rebecca berlin (amazing piano chick singer/songwriter) 9pm. ??? 10pm. me and all my gladness birthday girl with band 11pm. taylor greenwood (fabulous bluesy rock chick singer/songwriter with her full band fabulousness) xoxo $7 21+current music: momma's boy - elizabeth & the catapult(leave a comment)july 16th, 200601:47 am - addictions-fruit-cheese-music-scrapbooking-ebay-ikea-lemonade-open mics-jewish people-making merchandise(4 comments | leave a comment)july 15th, 200604:14 pm - proud sister, picks pics, and ebay maniai am so proud of my brother...he has gone back to school...asked out a hot girl...ran the peachtree road race...is taking over his life...i couldn't be any prouder even if he was a nuclear scientist...gabriel the great!  little plastic pink picks so, my guitar picks i ordered like a month ago for my last show are finally here... for my next show which will probably be in sept.... look for stephanie guitar pick necklaces and earrings soon ... i am sure...ebay-r-usi am addicted to ebay...i have bid on loop bags,...alvin and the chipmunks drinking glasses (old school from mcdonalds), a nanette lepore skirt, necklace making supplies for the pick necklaces, a purple violin, a jaymar toy piano like the one from my childhood, and skinmarket loot... ohh skinmarket i miss you sooo!         little plastic castle by ani difrancoin a coffee shop in a citywhich is every coffee shopin every cityon a day which is every dayi pick up a magazinewhich is every magazineand read a story then forgot it right awaythey say goldfish have no memoryi guess their lives are much like minethe little plastic castleis a surprise every timeit's hard to say if they are happybut they don't seem much to mindfrom the shape of your shaved headi recognized your silhoutteas you walked out of the sun and sat downand the sight of your sleepy smile eclipsed all the other peopleas they paused to snear at the two girls from out of townand i said "look at you this morningyou are by far the cutestbut be careful getting coffeei think these people wanna shoot usor maybe there's some kind of local competition hereto see who can be the rudest"people talk about my imagelike i come in two dimensionslike lipstick is a sign of my declining mindlike what i happen to be wearing the daythat someone takes my pictureis my new statement for all of womankindi wish they could see us nowin leather bras and rubber shortslike some ridiculous team uniformfor some ridiculous new sportquick someone call the girl policeand file a report in a coffee shop in a citywhich is every coffee shopin every city on a day which is every day"hezbollah rockets kill eight israelis in haifactv.ca - 1 hour agoat least eight israeli civilians have reportedly been killed after hezbollah rockets struck the city of haifa. at least five rockets struck israel's third-largest city on sunday."---stunned and horrified---<<<((--my <3 is with israel--))>>>current location: home... in bedcurrent music: turning of the world - petula clark(3 comments | leave a comment)july 14th, 200608:17 pm - updates and shopping queenhola-today went back to the doctor...yeah, my leg is scabbing.... boo, it still hurtsit was so hot out today... my car said 113*f - :oi went to tj maxx to find a wedding present for arianai got her something very pretty... and treated myself to some pretty deals toowanna see?stuart weitzman peep-toe suede beauties...$20!!! (about $180 less than they should be...)fishie fishie... koi converse all starsand a loop hobo bag... purple shiney goodness with leather leaves...meanwhile here are some other photos...my flowers from zach - opened up some beautiful yellow lilyscha cha couldn't resist... silly kitty!here is my hand... showing the bruises progressing from the ivmy leg after the dr. today...(leave a comment)





> previous 10 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























