




cabins for rent in va - rental cabins in virginia































































 

 

  
















our story
directions
activities
testimonials
rates & policies
cabins
welcome
menu 







540-943-8552 | share: 
 
 
 
 

 




			  your truly restful getaway!
			  
				  one mile from sherando lake
			  





late winter/early spring  special !!!
any new reservation for stays from now until the end of march 
will receive a 25 % discount for stays sunday through thursday
stays for friday -saturday will receive a 15 % discount

welcome to virginia’s blue ridge




welcome to your vacation! cabin creekwood offers four unique, pet-friendly cabins in the peaceful surroundings of the blue ridge mountains near waynesboro virginia. our cabins range in size from 1 to 3 bedrooms, and each is fully furnished to offer all the comforts of home, complete with stocked kitchens, bbq grills, air conditioning, fireplaces, and woodstoves. each of our cabins has its own unique charm with modern luxury in a mountain setting.




 location is everything when planning a vacation, and few places offer the peace and quiet found at cabin creekwood. while the cabins offer privacy, our central location means you’re just a few short miles from exciting attractions like wintergreen ski resort, the george washington national forest, numerous wineries and microbreweries, and sherando lake. the cabins are just 2 hours from richmond, 3 hours from washington dc, and 4 hours from norfolk, making it easy to escape the city and find relaxation in the blue ridge mountains

 winter on the blue ridge
in the midst of the winter season, there is a unique beauty that envelops the landscape along the blue ridge parkway. as the snow gently blankets the earth, a serene silence descends upon the surroundings, creating an atmosphere of tranquility and peace. this is the art of winter silence, a captivating experience that invites us to embrace the serenity amidst the majestic beauty of the blue ridge parkway.
the blue ridge parkway, with its winding roads and breathtaking vistas, becomes even more enchanting during the winter months. the barren trees, adorned with delicate frost, stand tall against the backdrop of the mist-covered mountains. the air is crisp and invigorating, awakening the senses and inviting us to explore the hidden treasures that lie within this winter wonderland.  the nearby wintergreen skiing and snowboard trails are officially open for the season. this winter, why not embark on a thrilling skiing or snowboarding experience? our cabins provide the ideal base for all your winter sports adventures.
 

check out all new photos under "cabins" tab and brand new oakwood video below!
 

 





 


area attractions



 


outdoor activities



 


dining






our virginia cabin rentals in winter

					posted: january 15, 2023				

cabin creekwood, the best of virginia cabin rentals, is nestled in the mountains of virginia near the shenandoah valley. surrounded by nature and away from the hustle and bustle of the city, you can count on your stay with cabin creekwood being completely peaceful and relaxing. even in the winter when the air is chilly […]



virginia cabin rentals are perfect for valentine’s day

					posted: january 15, 2023				

the middle of january is the time to start planning the perfect valentine’s day getaway for you and your sweetheart. don’t wait until the last minute, make sure you wow your lover with something truly special. cabin creekwood is located in a prime spot for lots of date ideas that would make your valentine’s day […]




 
 





		if you need information about any of our services, please feel free to use our contact form, 
	  	send us an e-mail to info@cabincreekwood.com, or give us a call at 540-943-8552.
	


540-943-8552 | info@cabincreekwood.com
 lyndhurst, va 22952
 

privacy policy | sitemap  copyright © 2013-2015 cabin creekwood. virginia web design by appnet.com  content written by stan horst		



























