








william parkinson books, antiquarian book dealer, book and map auction,
americana, vermontiana, new englandiana, vermont books, maps, broadsides,
ephemera,
















 

 
william parkinson books 
p.o.
box 40

hinesburg,
vt 05461 

william parkinson books is an
antiquarian book dealer specializing in vermont books, maps, broadsides and ephemera.
we have been selling vermontiana for over 39 years to 
date and have produced 236 catalogues of vermont
material. listed below are some of our upcoming and past americana and
vermontiana book and map auctions.
 

 
the robert a. mello collection
 
to be auctioned: 
 
october 12, 2024
preview october 11, 2024
 
please click here to open the auction catalogue
 

 
click here for
the
 auction 
highlights
page
 

 
fort
ethan allen museum 
website
 
click here to
enter the museum website
 

 
our
current book catalogue 236
 
click here for
catalogue 236
 

some
of our past auctions

americana and vermontiana auction 
october 27, 2007 
click here to
view the auction listing and the prices realized.
this sale offered more than 500 individually
catalogued lots of americana, maps and vermontiana, with particular strengths
in early 19th-century federal government
publications, vermont and new england maps, and
pamphlets. categories of note include indians, individual states, canals,
politics, and government.
highlights of note; burgoyne, gallatin, life of
general sam houston, mitchell, primm, durnford, burgett, gerlach map of the
battle of hubbardton, brssier,
jefferys,
carrigain,
ruggles, whitelaw, james wilson celestial globe, doton,
hamilton, u.s. acts, u.s. senate, allen, b.h. hall, h. hall, roberts, willard.

early
americana sale 
may 12, 2007 
click here to
view the auction listing and prices realized
this sale contained more than 450
individually catalogued lots of 1780-1820 americana, with particular strengths
in 18th- and early 19th-century broadsides, pamphlets
 and federal government publications.
categories of note include the barbary war, burr conspiracy, embargo, indians,
war of 1812, magazines, the district of columbia, politics,
 military, federal budget, individual states
(georgia, indiana, louisiana, michigan, mississippi, missouri, north carolina,
ohio, rhode island, tennessee, etc.), early acts and 
laws, and departments of the federal
government. 
 

 
americana and vermontiana 
from the collection of gertrude r.
mallary 
november 6, 2004 
click here to view
the auction listing and prices realized

authors



ethan allen,
ira allen, hamilton child, abby hemenway, william beaumont, jeremy belknap,
george benedict, james dean, joseph gallup, john graham, benjamin hall, susanna
johnson, edward hitchcock, daniel horsmanden, solomon
mack, alexander mackenzie, samuel williams, lemuel roberts, vt state prison,
royall tyler 
subjects 
almanacs,
civil war, early bibles, bennington birdseye, broadsides, crime and trials,
davy crockett, capt matthew phelps, matthew lyon,
maps, oneida commuinity, orvis fly fishing, railroad,
steamboats of lake champlain, somers muting,
 





  
americana,
vermontiana, new englandiana 
books and map auction 
from the collection of father john
mcsweeney 
november
8, 2003 
click here to view the
auction listing and prices realized.




features- maps, broadsides, books,
ethan allen, ira allen, presdee and edwards, burgett,
f w beers, h f wallings, lewis robinson, abby
hemenway, shelton and kensett, dennis townsend, amos doolittle, james whitelaw,
hamilton child, samuel williams, james wilson globes, and many more.





  
email us at:   william@parkinsonbooks.com

phone number     802-482-3113 
8am to 8pm 



