









the full spectrum of high quality machines for trade and industry.



































products
service

 

 machine registration
 
 

 spare parts
 
 

 technical service
 
 

 find a dealer
 



company

 

 about
 
 

 career
 
 

 history
 
 

 otto martin (germany)
 



news
 





















 






sawing








planing








shaping








sanding








pressing








handling








recycling extraction








safety accessoires



 




the full spectrum of high quality machines for trade and industry.
whenever it comes to the processing of wood and wood based materials in the trade and industrial environment, yo deserve only the best. as one of the leading suppliers of woodworking machines and accessories in the usa, martin woodworking machines offers you leading european brands and extensive know-how.
 
stock machines

 








 

shaping






t27


spindle moulder






 
view machine

 







 

sawing






t77


sliding table saw






 
view machine

 







 

planing






t45


thickness planer






 
view machine

 







 

pressing






corvus


vacuum press






 
view machine

 







 

recycling extraction






power unit 350


pure air dust extractor






 
view machine

 







 

safety accessoires






centrex









 
view machine

 











our brands
 































testimonials
 




 


precision is what martin means to me


„my primary product is custom cabinetry for residential projects. having a versatile saw that can cut a perfect miter on a 10’ panel then in seconds be used for ripping solid wood allows unlimited creativity. offering a complete product line from cabinetry to solid wood countertops to large windows and doors the martin machinery lets me offer our clients what they want. with the t54 jointer i can comfortably mill up stock for 10’ doors, knowing that it will be flat. precision is what martin means to me.“
 
scott slater
bespoken woodworks
sierra madre, ca







 


almost 80 martin machines


“as one of the largest manufacturers of solid wooden doors in the usa, we need jointing and planing machines, which guarantee the highest precision and the cleanest planing results – and all of this in various types of wood. we have been making a perfect job of this, not only in terms of quality and reliability, for years with almost 80 martin machines.”
 
edward j. rossi
cal door
morgan hill, ca







 


the most solid i have ever seen


„i got into the world of martin group machines with my t74 slider. after i had so much good experience with this solid and very accurate sliding table saw i bought my martin t45 thickness planer with the “shelix” spiral cutter head. it does a fantastic job and i and my workers enjoy working with a simple to operate machine. the last martin machine i got is the martin t54 jointer. this jointer make perfect straight boards and the 90° fence is the most solid i have ever seen. i also purchased the barth vakuucar+ available from martin.  this mobile workbench has a swinging frame which allows me to work by myself when moving large panels.“
 
dave edwards
edwards & wilson cabinet makers
toronto, canada







 


the fifth machine purchased from martin


„this is the fifth machine purchased from martin. this machine is so silent and accurate it is remarkable. impossible to measure any deviation from the dimension given. no snipe, no grain tear out. this machine has rapidly changed our s4s process. the perfect pairing with our martin t54 joiner.“
 
walden & co
healdsburg, ca







 


convinced of its quality for years


„we decided on a t75prex sliding table saw from martin because we have been convinced of its quality for years. we already have a martin shaper, thickness planer and sliding table saw in our workshop. the t75 prex with vacuum table and dual tilt has made our decision to replace our old saw easy. the new saw increases our possibilities, makes work easier for us and helps us to save time.“
 
peter craz
craz woodworking associates
bellport, ny







 


the results are excellent


“we love the martin slider! it has changed the way and speed of our work. i never would have thought i could joint wide, thick hardwood on a table-saw better than my jointer but the martin slider does! breaking down sheet goods is about 2-3x faster now than our old method, and the results are excellent.”
 
jason straw
straw fine furniture & kitchen cabinets
gainesville, fl







 


the ability to sand veneered panels without damage


„i have a cabinet shop in southern california.  i was in the market for a new sander and have had a few widebelt models in the past. the main reason that i was upgrading was that i needed a machine with 53” width and the ability to sand veneered panels without damage. i had previously owned a double head 43” sander with air platen and did not trust the machine when sanding veneered panels. it was always a job for hand sanding, which is expensive and time consuming.the weber sander has a few features that make sanding difficult parts a breeze. first of all the machine has a segmented platen which uses 22 mm air cylinders to control the pressure of the platen. […] the machine with variable speed on both the sanding heads and the conveyor belt is setup for lacquer sanding.  the belt speed is slowed down, and the feed is sped up.  with the cbf head the machine does very short sanding strokes, which does not load up the paper. the automatic belt cleaning during this program cleans the sandpaper. what happens is almost magical and the results are stunning.
 
the build quality of the weber is first class. the machine is made almost 100% at their factory in bavaria germany. weber makes metal sanding machines that are workhorses and uses this same heavy-duty construction in the wood line.  the electronic parts are either siemens or toshiba and can be sourced overnight if the machine needs repairs (so far no issues with my sander).
 
i could not be happier with my purchase. i have had 2 other german sanders and neither one compares with the weber.“
 
scott slater
bespoken woodworks
sierra madre, ca







 


great resale value


„i am building high end custom furniture and for this i needed the right machines for precise and quick results. i chose the weber wide belt sander because it gives me the best flexibility for solid wood, veneer and lacquer/sealer sanding. with the patented weber cbf system, i get almost no oscillation and the few marks left are removed by the patented weber planetary brush head aggregate. the planetary head not only takes the marks away it also can sand deep into profiles and breaks the edges so that we do not need to sand by hand anymore.
i also purchased a tilting arbor martin t27 flex shaper, t45 thickness planer, t54 jointer and the t75 prex dual-tilting sliding table saw. these machines are heavy duty and carry with them a great resale value…something that you do not see much anymore with industrial woodworking machinery.“
 
isaac b. hayun
trieste corp.
long island city, ny







 


successfully reduced our sanding labor


„at meridian products we produce high quality kitchen cabinet components. our doors and drawer fronts can have solid wood raised panels or veneer panels.  with the old technology wide belt  sanders in our panel line we were required to  do a lot of hand orbital sanding to get the quality level  our customers needed.  we identified our requirements and researched several brands and did some live demonstrations. after traveling to ny to demo the patented cbf system we chose to purchase two weber machines, a three head calibration sander and a two head finish sander. the machines are well built and easy to operate.  we have successfully reduced our sanding labor and are producing a more consistent finish.“
 
meridian products 
new holland, pa







 


electrical spare parts are available for many years to come


„at cozzolino we produce high quality furniture for our customers in new york. for the final sanding we didn’t have a perfect solution so we checked out different wide belt sanding machines. we decided to go for the weber ksn-2-1350 (dm) compact as we achieved the best sanding results with this machine. the weber sander stands out for its ease of use and with the siemens components it is guaranteed that the electrical spare parts are available for many years to come.“
 
peter craz
cozzolino custom millwork inc
west orange, nj







 


greatly simplified our working processes


„we are using the barth multi press now. we were on the lookout for such a device for a long time and are now very happy that we have this press. this has greatly simplified our working processes. a single worker can glue carcasses, drawers, table boards and a lot more. otherwise two workers are always needed when working with traditional clamps. everything which we produce in our workshop is glued in this press.“
 
roland oberlader
roland’s joinery
telkwa, british columbia







 


never seen such well packed machinery


„it is a beautiful day in middle on february 2015 in ca and today my barth vmp3513 membrane press did arrive. when i saw the semi pull up and the size of the box i was shocked. i purchased some 60” forklift extensions which made the unload very easy. if i did not have the extensions i would not have been able to unload it. the driver was very nice and helped get it down the driveway – i had him use the pallet jack on the end while i used the forklift to steer it to the front of the garage. i then took the press off the crate and moved it to the shop using the forklift and a pallet jack. the crate was built like a tank and was quite hard to take apart. i guess that they justify the price of the crate based upon the number of nails. i had a friend come over tonight to help get it into the shop, i did the main job of getting it out of the crate this morning. i have never seen such well packed machinery than what has come from barth.“
 
bespoken woodworks 
sierra madre, ca







 


approximately 35% quicker


„working for years with a traditional american-style vacuum bag and pump, we already knew what a vacuum system like this could do for us. with the barth vmp4013 we quickly learned there were even more differences compared to our old system. because of the oil lubricated pump, now we accomplish our jobs approximately 35% quicker and have more pressure. the pressure is approximately 2000 lbs. per square foot. when the press is not in use, the convenient cover protects the rubber membrane and it can be used as a temporary work bench. casters allow us to move the machine to the work instead of the other way around. all in all, this press has improved our production in many different ways.“
 
peter craz
craz woodworking associates 
bellport, ny







 


fast, simple and economic solution


„i have only a limited space available for a case clamp, veneer press and a panel press. the barth rpg-l/vmp3513 offer one side the barth vmp3513 veneer/vacuum membrane press and on the other side that barth rpg-l multi press. the vmp offers the solution a 100% veneer press that also can be used for forming with an extremely shot pressure time of 5-7 minutes at regular veneering without heating! the rpg-l gives me the possibility to glue cases, frames and sold wood boards with a very quick setup and a 100% perfect gluing results. for me the barth rpg-l/vmp3513 is the prefect press for each workshop that has to work each day on a different project still needs a fast, simple and economic solution.“
 
dr. kent adkins
dr. kent adkins 
st. louis, mo







 


positive result of a higher productivity


the barth vacuucarxl helps our worker with up to three vacuum suction cups to hold the workpiece in place so that our workers have booth hands free for doing their job. the possibility to set up the height of the work plate to the needed height helps our workers to reduce their health problems what has the positive result for us of a higher productivity.
 
edwards & wilson cabinet makers 
toronto, canada







 


save a lot of set up time


„the barth vp vacuum membrane press replaces in our workshop the traditional vacuum back. with the press we save a lot of set up time before the real gluing/pressing process and in case in case of the natural rubber membrane we do not need to use double boards at regular veneer jobs. with the right glue (regular water based glue) we save here at so much time that the press will be paid back by itself soon. the barth special membrane is a big difference to each other product that is available on the marked and makes a big difference.“
 
edwards & wilson cabinet makers
toronto, canada







 


energy costs are reduced by 99%


„we use barth vacuum membrane presses to veneer and glue molded parts. the barth presses have convinced us because due to their proven technology the pressing time is very short and as no heating is necessary, the energy costs are reduced by 99% compared to heated-plate presses. the pressing time for veneer is only 6-8 minutes when standard water-based glue is used.“
 
conrad schrock
rockwood door & millwork 
millersburg, oh







 


paying for itself


„the machine is a huge time saver. we are averaging about 10 hours per job faster with this machine, so the gannomat protec is really paying for itself.“
 
neal walden
walden & co
healdsburg, ca







 


fast, very accurate and operator friendly


„we bought a weber wide belt sander from martin woodworking machines in 2017 and were very satisfied with this machine. when we had to increase our efficiency in the field of cabinet making, we contacted martin again and found the perfect solution with the gannomat protec. the protec works fast, very accurately and is very operator friendly.“
 
marek weglicki
best mark national 
irvington, ny







 


good for our employees


„we invested in a new weber wide belt sander and because a high quality finish is essential for us, we also needed a powerful dust collection system. the al-ko pu350 has a 99.9% clean air return system. this way we have no dust in our workshop which is good for our employees and what’s more we are able to obtain a perfect surface finish. the al-ko pu350 collector is equipped with an automatic fire-extinguishing system which is another big advantage.“
 
cozzolino custom millwork inc.
west orange, nj







 


impressed by the user-friendliness


we have opted for the protec because it offers the best possible machine package. the machine convinces with its precision (flush corner connections), speed, footprint and price. we have been using the machine for several weeks and are impressed by the user-friendliness of the software.
 
doug sinjem
d.l. sinjem co. inc. 
la habra, ca







 


a demonstration convinced us


we are producing high-quality furniture and interior fittings and wanted to minimize our production time without compromising quality. a demonstration convinced us of the gannomat protec machining center. the protec won us over by its powerful technology and high level of precision of the manufactured parts.
 
lance mack
mack custom woodworking 
shokan, ny






load more


find your personal contact in your area.
 
find a dealer

newsletter
spare parts for your machines!
your machine needs a refreshing part to boost your efficiency. martin provides you the whole range of spare parts.
 
request

don’t hesitate to contact us!
 

 












company


please leave this field empty.


first name *


last name *


please leave this field empty.


street *


nr. *




zip code *


city *


country *




e-mail address *


phone


please leave this field empty.


message






yes i have taken note of the privacy policy.






* = required field










            to top
        






further informations
find a dealerjobsimprintcontact
phone: 704.921.0360fax: 704.921.0361info@martin-usa.com 












































