









cambridge history | original research | articles | exhibitions



























































skip to content











history cambridge on facebook





history cambridge on youtube





history cambridge on instagram





history cambridge on flickr























search




































search














donate


















history cambridge on facebook





history cambridge on twitter





history cambridge on youtube





history cambridge on instagram





history cambridge on flickr






































 
research conduct research researching a person? researching a building? using our archive index of finding aids history cambridge collaborativefeeling curious? ways to explore history hubs articles history hive self-guided tours oral histories works in progresswhat’s on? ways to engage events news tory row anti-racism coalition (trac) neighborhood history centers volunteersupport ways to support us give online now individual support sponsorship legacy giving volunteer bookstoreabout about us history cambridge collaborative neighborhood history centers anti-racism opportunities newsletters strategic plan hooper-lee-nichols house faqcontact









donate





































 
research conduct research researching a person? researching a building? using our archive index of finding aids history cambridge collaborativefeeling curious? ways to explore history hubs articles history hive self-guided tours oral histories works in progresswhat’s on? ways to engage events news tory row anti-racism coalition (trac) neighborhood history centers volunteersupport ways to support us give online now individual support sponsorship legacy giving volunteer bookstoreabout about us history cambridge collaborative neighborhood history centers anti-racism opportunities newsletters strategic plan hooper-lee-nichols house faqcontact








 













we use history to catalyze the connections that make cambridge, massachusetts more vibrant and cohesive.
 







 








march 4: confectionary cambridge: candy-making in history and memory

tuesday, march 46-7 pmcambridge public library — o’connell branch48 6th street, east cambridgefree; please register! you’re invited to this special event with history cambridge’s beth folsom and historian caitlin hopkins. the local candy-making industry goes back to the 1760s, when an irish immigrant named john hannon built a chocolate mill on the neponset river in…



 








march 12: history hang at paddy’s lunch

wednesday, march 126-8 pmpaddy’s lunch260 walden streetfree! didn’t make it to our holiday party last december? or maybe you just love hanging out at cambridge’s oldest women-owned bar? join us at paddy’s for a casual get-together before the st. patrick’s day crowds arrive. we’ll be chatting with owner ruth allen about her experiences as a…



 








feb 22: foundry festival

saturday, february 22, 202511 am-1 pmthe foundry101 rogers street, east cambridge this year’s foundry festival focuses on the theme of “resilience.” how has the east cambridge community faced and overcome past challenges, and how can we react to the current climate of uncertainty in ways that will help our community not only survive but thrive?…



 








march 12: 2025 annual meeting

wednesday, march 129 am etvirtualfree; registration required join the board of history cambridge to celebrate our past year and learn more about what’s in store for 2025! register for this event!
























 

history of poorhouses reflects changing attitudes toward those on the margins of society

by heli meltsner, 2024 this year, as part of its exploration of north cambridge, history cambridge highlights the ways in which the neighborhood has historically been home to industries and institutions cantabrigians needed but wanted to push to the edges of the city’s boundaries. slaughterhouses, tanneries and brickyards were all necessary industries, but those in the…



 

‘the corner of the city he calls home’: north cambridge through the eyes of charlie sullivan

by marieke van damme, 2024 no matter what era you’re in, some things are universal – such as young people enjoying a good time. where did north cambridge teenagers go to party in the mid-1970s? some went to a vacant, overgrown area near the train tracks just out of porter square, the site of a horrific…



 

new years in cambridge of the past held meaning as ways to address moments of crisis such as war

by beth folsom, 2024 for most of us in present-day cambridge, the arrival of a new year brings with it both reflection on the past year and the promise of a new start; whether we want to eat healthier, get organized, start exercising or any other of the many resolutions we make each new year’s, the…

























 

east cambridge history hub

2025 is our year of east cambridge see what events we’ve got planned! a brief history of east cambridge the area that we now know as east cambridge was for many centuries largely salt marshes and mud flats which, at low tide, virtually cut the area off from other parts of the city, as well…



 

lgbtq+ history hub

this hub is a work in progress. have some resources to add? let us know! in this hub introduction cambridge is a well-known leader in lgbtq+ rights. the city was first in massachusetts to perform gender-affirming surgery in 1972, and in 2004 it became first in the country to grant same-sex marriage licenses. city government…



 

north cambridge history hub

north cambridge history hub



 

fort washington history hub

fort washington park is the last remaining fortification from the revolutionary war in cambridge, but the park and neighborhood hold rich histories beyond the revolutionary era. this history hub contains materials that details the eras of the park



 

cambridgeport history hub

history hub for all things cambridgeport



 

culinary history hub

culinary history of cambridge by rain robertson, and revised by deb mandel, 2022 cambridge holds a rich and distinctive culinary history. it gave america ice, the porterhouse steak, peking ravioli, its first star chef in julia child, and a hankering for indian food. this is a survey of 20th century markets, delis, cafeterias, and local…



 

indigenous peoples history hub

curious about the indigenous history of this place? start learning here.



 

inner belt hub

cambridge had a major role in battling one highway for decades and eventually sparking a process that created a powerful coalition that led officials to remake transportation policy for the boston area inside route 128



 

black history in cambridge: online resources hub

above image: saundra graham speaks into a megaphone during the occupation of 319th harvard commencement june 11, 1970 (courtesy cambridge historical commission) delve into these online resources that explore black history in cambridge. more programs and events about cambridge’s black history are being planned. to be notified, sign up for our monthly enewsletter. articles self-guided…



 

early black cambridge resource hub

are you interested in learning more about the history of race, slavery, and african american life in the cambridge area? this guide highlights many of the resources available that touch on these topics, including primary, secondary, and public-facing sources (such as self-guided tours and websites). while this hub is focused on material related to the 1700s, it also offers relevant material from later periods in cambridge history.



























 

feb 5: an evening with cambridge’s lisa mcmanus: a fundraiser for history cambridge


 

january 23: history hang


 

january 16: history hang
























 

self-guided tour: the work of revolution in cambridge


 

self-guided tour: gold star memorials in north cambridge


 

self-guided tours: mapping feminist cambridge


 

1986 neighborhood trivia hunt


 

self-guided tour: stories from the early african american community of old cambridge


 

self-guided tour: women activists of riverside 50 years after suffrage


 

self-guided tour: monuments and memorials in cambridge


 

self-guided tour: the history of candy making in cambridge


 

self-guided tour: loyalist women of cambridge


 

self-guided tour: lois lilley howe homes of gray gardens


 

self-guided tour: central square activism from the 1960s to now


 

self-guided tour: cambridge and the american revolution


 

self-guided bike tour: pedaling the people’s republic, a history of political activism in cambridge


 

self-guided tour: huron village’s modern houses


 

self-guided tour: caribbean community in the port


 

self-guided tour: clay, bricks, dump, park: a tour of north cambridge


 

cambridge through the pages


 

self-guided tour: william james’s cambridge


























 

wing “vinnie” wong














 

the harvard square defense fund records, 1979−2007




















 
curious about forgotten souls of tory row?in 2022, history cambridge was awarded an arts for social justice grant from cambridge arts. we selected the artist collaborative black coral, inc. for the project and installation began in may 2022, with the art on view from june 1st 2022 through april 7th 2023. “forgotten souls of tory row: remembering the enslaved people of brattle street” honors the enslaved adults and children who lived and worked on this land as well as those whose labor on caribbean plantations helped finance the grand homes of white tory row elites.
 




















search our site
find original research by history cambridge staff, interns, volunteers, and community members, including articles, oral histories, and online exhibitions. search results also include our finding aids, which describe archival materials you can make an appointment to view in person.


















search





















looking for information about a person?

we can help


 















looking for information about a building?

learn more here


 












shed light on untold stories and silenced voices.
passionate about cambridge history? support our mission by volunteering with history cambridge corps.





learn more












 















sign up for our monthly e-newsletter





sign up here





















our history is yours
we are a private non-profit funded by individual and corporate donations. we appreciate your support!





donate





















sharing curiosity









formerly cambridge historical society
history cambridge
159 brattle street
cambridge, massachusetts 02138
617-547-4252
info@historycambridge.org











history cambridge’s headquarters is located on the traditional homelands of the massachusett people.













© 2025 history cambridge. all rights reserved.












 




				sign up for our monthly e-newsletter			

we send a monthly e-newsletter to subscribers, filled with stories and articles about our annual theme and updates about our activities.
subscribe to our e-newsletter today!
email *first name *last name *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest example: yes, i would like to receive emails from cambridge historical society. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact


			×			


scroll to top 

























