


index













home

about us

services

solutions

support

contact






ponderosa golf course


home

about us

golf

dining

gallery

contact





































we are tucked among western 
pennsylvania’s rolling hills of 
beaver county, just a few miles 
from the west virginia border. the 
scenic and challenging golf course 
draws golfers from three different 
states. you’ll find over 6600 yards 
of beautifully maintained fairways 
and the greens fast and true. 
ponderosa offers the best quality 
golf facility at affordable prices. 
 
experience our fine dining and hospitality by hosting your 
event at our establishment. if your hungry for a hearty home 
cooked meal in a comfortable glass enclosed dining space, 
then ponderosa is the place to be. 
we are tucked among western pennsylvania’s rolling hills of 
beaver county, just a few miles from the west virginia 
border. the scenic and challenging golf course draws golfers 
from three different states. you’ll find over 6600 yards of 
beautifully maintained fairways and the greens fast and true. 
ponderosa offers the best quality golf facility at affordable 
prices. 
 
experience our fine dining and hospitality by hosting your 
event at our establishment. if your hungry for a hearty home 
cooked meal in a comfortable glass enclosed dining space, 
then ponderosa is the place to be. 





  news | upcoming events
  promotions | coupons
  golf rates


new restaurant hours:effective march 15th - open 7am - 8pm.
annual and seasonal promotions are always available. click the button below for more info or follow us on facebook to stay current with our on-going specials!
2024 fall golf ratesstarting october 7thfor a full listing of our current golf rates and specials, click here or the button below.



learn more

learn more

learn more




copyright © 2020 by ponderosa golf course  ·  all rights reserved  ·  e-mail: ponderosagolfcourse@yahoo.com2728 state route 168, hookstown, pa 15050





 
call to book  |  (724) 947-4745



 
follow us on facebook:



