

















new jersey school of architecture | hillier college of architecture and design












skip to main content

















menu


j. robert and barbara a. hillier college of architecture and design

search




search

 




in this section

home
abouthistory
dean's welcome
accreditations
research
our people
contact us

schools & programsdean's scholars
new jersey school of architecture
school of art + design
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
online programs
dual degrees
high school summer programs

current studentsacademic advising
admitted m arch students
learning and teaching culture policy
study abroad
scholarships and awards
student clubs & organizations
resources

prospective studentsprospective students
explore our programs
visit
admission and portfolio requirements

news & eventshcad studio news
design showcase
conversation series
gallery events
blog
newsletters - hillier college of architecture and design 
newsletter archive

 







 














 


undergraduate programs





bachelor of architecture (b.arch.)





njit’s bachelor of architecture (b.arch.) is designed to take full advantage of being located in a top research university in the new york area.
learn more









bachelor of science in architecture (b.s.arch.)





njit’s b.s. arch. program is a pre-professional, four-year program, leading to accelerated graduate-level degrees including architecture, infrastructure planning, civil engineering, and construction management.
learn more








  


graduate & doctoral programs





master of architecture





njit’s master of architecture (m.arch.) is a naab accredited and stem designated program developed for a new generation of leaders in architecture.
learn more









master of science in architecture





njit’s m.s.arch. is a stem designated program for graduates and professionals to specialize in urbanism, sustainability and/or computation.
learn more









master of urban design





the master of urban design is a 30 credit, interdisciplinary post-professional urban design program that focuses on innovative urban design and planning practice that is informed by in-depth local analysis and global understanding of large-scale forces at work in city-making and urbanization.
learn more









graduate double majors






m.arch. and master of urban design (mud)
m.arch. and management - m.s.
m.arch. and civil engineering - m.s.
m.arch. and master of business administration (mba)

 
learn more









ph.d. in urban systems





a joint doctoral program between new jersey institute of technology and rutgers university - newark, the program aims to enable graduates to generate research-based knowledge of urban systems and to participate in the development, implementation and evaluation of policy and services for urban populations.
learn more









certificates





njit’s certificate programs are designed for graduates and professionals who want to specialize in sustainable building design, digitally augmented architecture, sustainable cities and urban ecologies, or real estate design and development.
learn more








 



 meet some of our alumni



we prepare students for a plethora of options beyond traditional architecture and design careers.
learn more
















“hcad has allowed me to grow as a person overall both inside design but also outside design.”
ryan zolich


















“my understanding of architecture radically transformed in my first year, while the third year was the most transformational as a designer.”
brian witney


















“i am indebted to njit for molding me into the interested, ambitious, and dedicated person i am today.”
joanna michel khater
























