




  

















broadway junior | music theatre international





  
















skip to main content


close 


the mti office will close early at 1 pm et on friday, february 14th and remain closed through monday, february 17th in observance of presidents' day. office operations will resume on tuesday, february 18th.






 



music theatre international




main menu

showsbrowse shows
10-minute musicals
browse collections
broadway junior
concert dance
concert selections
future releases


resourcesmti production resources
community marketplace


mti classroomdramatic moments


help / faqshelp center
get started
faqs
streaming faqs


newsnews
email list sign-up


about usabout mti
contact us






 




mymti accountsmymti home
apply for a licenserequest a perusalpay an invoice 



regionmtimti europemti australasia 



search 



callboardclose 


 

 








 














 











 
broadway juniorkid-sized versions of the world's best musicals. 


broadway junior

aboutshows
about
showkit
get started
audition materials
download

previousnext 




broadway junior






broadway junior® has all the ingredients you need.... just add kids!
developed by renowned educators and designed to suit school assemblies as well as the energies and attention spans of younger performers, broadway junior® musicals are perfect for teachers or directors who are new to musical theatre and seeking to introduce students to the joys of participating in a show. 
conceived in 1996 by mti's co-chairman, freddie gershon, broadway junior® musicals are condensed, author-approved versions of classic musicals, disney favorites and modern works, custom-tailored to the needs of young people and schools. 
the music is written in keys that are appropriate for developing voices, and all shows can be expanded to accommodate as many performers as can fit on your stage.  our 30-minute kids shows are generally appropriate for performance by elementary school-aged students, and our 60-minute jr. shows are typically appropriate for performance by middle school-aged students.
the best part is that everything you need to produce your broadway junior® musical is included in our state-of-the-art showkit® of materials... and is yours to keep! 

millions of successes

25,000,000
	people who have seen a broadway junior® performance.
5,000,000
	students who have been involved in a broadway junior® musical.
500,000
	educators involved in a broadway junior® production.
100,000 +
broadway junior® productions that have taken place in north america.
300
	sustainable musical theatre programs created by mti and educational theatre experts, itheatrics, in under-served schools nationwide.
95%
	retention rates in those schools served by the broadway junior® initiation.

discount pricing for schools

30-minute kids titles will range in price from $445 to $545, and 60-minute jr. titles will range in price from $600 to $695.
we've created a special license just for accredited schools grades k-9. this license includes all the showkit® resources, plus the right to perform the show as many times as you would like within one year. (restrictions may apply.)

achieve your arts requirements
many states and districts have requirements for arts instruction... and for good reason! the arts have been proven to nurture student engagement, bolster confidence and promote creativity.

a musical theatre production brings all of the art disciplines together. this efficient model for arts instruction is engaging for learners of all stripes.

visual arts are explored through scenery, costume design, poster creation and more. visual learners will relish constructing the world of the play.
music is studied and sung to tell a story. aural learners will savor the rhythms and melodies inherent to this project-based learning.
dance is brought to life through the show’s choreography. kinesthetic learners will embrace the movement of your show.
drama is investigated through character work and storytelling skills. linguistic and interpersonal learners will embrace the written word and collaborative process.


prepare students for college and careers

schools are preparing students for success in college and the workforce. a musical production builds life skills through stage skills like these:

collaboration: just as they will need to work in teams in university and the workplace, students in a school musical must work together toward a common goal.
perseverance: determination is a major predicator of academic and career success; your show enforces the discipline and practice necessary to build resilience.
empathy: by walking a mile in another’s shoes, students expand their horizons and potential.
creativity: the 21st century workforce needs innovative thinkers. quality arts education allows students to see the possibilities in their world.
confidence: the leaders of tomorrow must be confident in their decisions and demeanors. by performing in a musical, young people build the self-assurance necessary for success.


age restrictions will apply

please review your contract carefully as age restrictions will apply. broadway junior® musicals were created for young performers, and adult actors are not permitted to be cast in onstage roles in any broadway junior® production.








 


callboard


jr
full


trending this week 

  

disney's finding nemo jr. explore the big blue world with this lively new stage musical based on the beloved pixar film! 




roald dahl's matilda the musical jr.the children are rising up. join the revolt in this broadway junior adaptation of the tony award-winning hit!  




disney's frozen jr.disney’s worldwide phenomenon is taking broadway junior by (snow)storm! 




disney's aladdin jr.discover "a whole new world" with this magically updated version of the academy award-winning disney classic!  




annie jr.the irrepressible comic strip heroine takes center stage in one of the world's best-loved, award-winning musicals.  




disney's beauty and the beast jr.the award-winning animated film and stage play comes to life in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale.  




shrek the musical jr.everyone's favorite ogre is back in this hilarious stage spectacle, based on the oscar-winning smash hit film and outrageous broadway musical.  




disney's dare to dream jr.celebrate 100 years of disney music with this breathtaking musical revue!

 




between the lines jr.you have the power to change your story. 




disney's newsies jr.seize the day with disney’s rousing musical that has thrilled and inspired young people for generations. 


 


trending this week 

  

mean girls high school versiona fetch opportunity for high schools and youth theatre groups to license this queen bee!
 




roald dahl's matilda the musicalthe story of an extraordinary girl who dares to take a stand and change her own destiny. 




disney's descendants: the musicalyou'll be #rottentothecore with descendants the musical! 




disney's the little mermaidin a magical kingdom beneath the sea, the beautiful young mermaid, ariel, longs to leave her ocean home to live in the world above. 




into the woodsthe brothers grimm hit the stage with an epic fairytale about wishes, family and the choices we make. 




mamma mia!over 60 million people worldwide have fallen in love with the characters, the story and the music that make mamma mia! the ultimate feel-good show! 




beetlejuiceit’s showtime, folks! 




disney's beauty and the beastthe enchantment never ends in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale. 




little shop of horrorsfeed the need for musical hilarity with this delicious sci-fi smash about a man-eating plant. 




mean girlsthis fiercely fetch queen bee of broadway will have you wearing pink...but only on wednesdays. 


 



    new acquisition  
the notebook begins a new chapter at mti

 

    mti welcomes the musical that swept broadway off its feet.  
read more 




    new release  
fall in love with darling grenadine

 

    a new romance available for licensing.  
read more 




    new acquisition  
suffs keeps marching with mti

 

    music theatre international acquires suffs, the tony-winning true story of the women who fought tirelessly for the right to vote.  
read more 




    new acquisition  
how to dance in ohio waltzes up to mti

 

    the exuberant coming-of-age comedy joins mti.  
read more 




    now available  
1660 vine the musical now available for licensing

 

    this show will go viral on your stage!  
read more 

 


 
 
 



music theatre international
423 west 55th street
second floor
new york, ny 10019
t: +1 (212) 541-4684
f: +1 (212) 397-4684


music theatre international: europe
12-14 mortimer street
london w1t 3jj
t: +44 (0)20 7580 2827
f: *44 (0)20 7436 9616


music theatre international (australasia)
ground floor, suite 220-22 albert road,
south melbourne, 3205victoria, australia
t: +61 3 9581 2222

©mti enterprises inc. all rights reserved.




secondary menu

terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact




follow us

facebook us
twitter us
youtube us
instagram us




thoughts on our site?

send feedback 


 
 
 








