home | first state bank of anadarko




homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.     fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfirst state bank of anadarko  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


products & services


checking accounts

savings & money market

debit cards

cds & iras

credit cards

banking services



lending


auto & consumer loans

real estate & mortgage loans

cds & savings: borrow from yourself





business


business checking

banking services

commercial & industrial loans

agriculture loans

credit cards



digital banking


online banking

mobile banking

estatements

bill pay

person-to-person payments

card suite life



resources


financial calculators

id theft & online security



connect


contact


contact us

locations & hours



about us


about first state bank

employment opportunities

news & events





 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll 

banking from your phone?


download our app for ios

download our app for android



  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchfirst state bank of anadarko   access to your accounts, from anywhere.
use the my fsb mobile app to check balances, view transactions, and search for specific transactions by amount or date, transfer funds and make loan payments.
mobile banking details    schedule your payments in advance.
it's easy with bill pay! make a one-time payment or schedule recurring payments. are you enrolled?
explore bill pay    be green + easy access to your statements.
a private, confidential and secure way to store your statements, online.
go paperless with e-statements play main slider/pause main slider welcome to first state bank
at first state bank, we're not just a part of your history; we're committed to being your partner in shaping a brighter future. 
about fist state bank   
send a message
 
we're here for you. let us know how we can assist!
 
contact us  

branches & atms
come say hello in person, or grab some cash!
 
view locations
  
financial calculators
can you afford it? find out with our budgeting tools.
start calculating  
the latest...
we've compiled the latest news and bank events!
see upcoming events  
stay secure
stay safe online, and help your kids do the same.
id theft info  
help! i lost my card!
 
misplaced your debit card? the numbers you need:
 
report lost/stolen card     see how much more you can do.
our mobile banking app is a powerful, convenient way to manage your money.
mobile banking     now offering credit cards!
get rewarded for your purchases, and you can apply for one online.
explore credit cards  

  we're committed to being your partner.
in the market for a new car, appliance, vacation or major purchase? look no further!
consumer loan options    cards, packed with power.
get a contactless card today for purchase flexibility and convenience.
dive into debit cards play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  your journey is our journey, and we're here every step of the way.   get the most from your business debit card  more information on the rewards plus debit card.
rewards plus details  lost or stolen debit card?  call first state bank's debit card hotline, 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
lost/stolen debit card  echoice account  complete your echoice customer information form. 
echoice info form   sign up  connect with us to stay in the know on our latest offerings. sign up close newsletter signup   sign up 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you! got itback to the topfirst state bank of anadarko routing # 103101505bank nmls # 794462phone # 405-247-2471



privacy policy

contact us

sitemap

©  first state bank of anadarkoequal housing lender 

 

