








holly pipe | drill pipe | drill pipe supplier | drill pipe inspection | drill string components | machine shop services | drill pipe cleaning




































drill pipe

nst
rentals
flush joint


drill & drive
wash-pipe casing
drill string design


inspection

straightening
cleaning
pull testing
refacing


subs & tools

oilfield
hdd


machine shop

drill string design
straightening
welding & fabrication
refurbishing
capacities








single source directional drilling tools 
our history
holly pipe corporation is a directional drilling tools and services company specializing in new and premium used drill pipe, rental and repair services. our headquarters is located near the gulf of mexico in lafayette, louisiana, and a stock yard location in breaux bridge, louisiana.
holly pipe supplies drillers worldwide with quality horizontal and directional drilling tools, drilling tubulars, drill pipe inspection services, drill stem subs and cutting numerous drilling connections  for the hdd and oilfield industries. holly pipe also offers welding and precision cnc machine shop services through our sister company, nugent special thread corporation (nst®).

















our latest projects… pacwave
holly pipe corp: not your average pipe supplier
hdd co. was awarded the project in 2019, and construction commenced in spring 2020, after the design work was completed.
for the subsea portion of the project, hdd co. completed four bores of 5,200 ft. holly pipe corp. supplied the drill casing, which featured an 8.625-in. id and 0.625-in. wall thickness. bundled high-density polyethylene (hdpe) pipe supplied by isco was then pulled through the steel casing provided by permalok.
learn more







n-series surface casing 

robust & high torque
reusable threaded design
no-weld flush joint connection
available in 7 to 18 5/8 inch od, and 15, 20, 32 & 46 foot lengths










drill pipe inspection services


nst manufactures tools that must meet api standards upon completion, therefore; in an effort to provide top quality products, holly pipe and nst also provide qualified turn-key ndt inspections to fulfill the highest standard of integrity for our products. we also provide the latest forms of inspection upon receiving and cleaning used drill pipe. we strive to deliver the highest quality products to drillers worldwide through the standards of api 7-1, ds-1 and asnt certifying drill pipe and tools free of all defects.




forms of inspection:

drill pipe tubes 2 3/8"-6 5/8": electromagnetic or f.l.u.t. (full length ultrasonic testing)
steel welded products: dry & wet magnetic particle
subs / connections: black light
steel shafts: ultrasonic
stainless steel: liquid dye penetrant







mission statement
holly pipe corporation and nugent special thread corporation conform to the drilling industry's utmost performance, safety and environmental standards to ensure the production of drilling tools trusted by professional drillers everywhere.






quality policy 
nst corp. will continuously improve its service to better satisfy the needs of its customers and will deliver to them, on time and defect-free products conforming to customer requirements.
to view our new and used available tubulars click here.
for more information please contact us.






  © holly pipe corporation > drill pipe | inspection | subs & tools | machine shop | about us | available tubulars | contact us < 1-800-221-2009   







 






























