




















marquette university // be the difference
  




academicsadmissionstuition & financial aidcampus life


apply/visit/givesearchmenu






close menu




apply
visit
give



search marquette
search:search button




academicsundergraduate programsgraduate programsgraduate business programsmajorslibrariescolleges/schoolsstudent successstudy abroad

admissionsundergraduate admissionsgraduate admissionsgraduate business admissionslawdentistryapply

tuition & financial aidundergraduate scholarshipsgraduate/professional scholarshipsapply for aidvalue of marquettemarquette central



campus lifevisit marquetteuniversity safetyresidence lifestudent affairsmission and ministryathletics

aboutour missionour historycatholic and jesuitrankings/recognitionsuniversity leadershipmarquette todaycareersalumni

researchresearch and innovationresearch and sponsored programsfaculty research






marquette a to zabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


facebookinstagramx-twitterlinkedinyoutubetiktokthreads





arrive with the will.leave with a way.
take your first step
apply today  plan a visit  discover our difference  we're here to help 







explore your purpose. become your potential.
we’re a catholic, jesuit university in the heart of milwaukee, wisconsin, that prepares our students with the knowledge, skills and sense of community they need to build meaningful careers, lead purposeful lives and transform the world around them.

















 

we're highly rated.



top 20%

best national universities
u.s. news & world report

#6

nationally for job placement
zippia.com, based on u.s. department of education data 

best value

top 55
u.s. news & world report


 












be a part of something  greater.
students don’t just come to marquette for a degree. they come here to build lifelong connections and find a community of kindred spirits focused on the greater good. they leave ready to be the difference in their own extraordinary ways.












 



undergraduate
75+ majors and 80+ minors
if you’re a first-year or transfer student, learn more about marquette’s undergraduate admissions. or if you’re ready to explore our majors and minors, click on the button below.
explore majors and minors
 




graduate
90+ certificate, master’s and doctoral degree programs
ready to take the next step in career journey? explore all our graduate school has to offer below. 
explore graduate programs
 




online
online graduate programs
looking to advance your future with the flexibility of an online program? explore our online graduate opportunities below.
explore online graduate programs
 




health programs
10 health care professional programs
from physical therapy and physician assistant studies programs to wisconsin’s only school of dentistry, marquette offers some of the nation’s top-ranked health professional programs. explore our programs below.
explore health programs
 




law school
19 law programs
marquette university law school offers a full program of legal education. explore our offerings below.
explore law school programs
 




business graduate degrees
nationally ranked mba programs
launch the next phase of your life with the marquette graduate school of management. explore our graduate business degree programs below.
explore business graduate programs
 












we make connections that  count.
















































 

we are marquette.*





8,000+
undergraduates 


115,000+
alumni around the world


3,700+
graduate and professional students


1,690
first-generation undergraduate students






 


*this is who we are. see what we do, every day at marquette today.
 









you'll stand out with a marquette degree.















 




96%

of graduates with full-time employment consider their job to be related to their career goals
undergraduate first destination survey 2023






 




96%

of our alumni are employed full time 10 years after graduation
zippia.com/u.s. department of education data






 




99%

of graduating seniors participated in at least one high-impact learning activity (such as an internship, service, student organization)
graduating senior survey 2023
















              live large.
              live well.


              curious what campus life at marquette is all about? expect to have the time of your life!
            







 

research, scholarships and innovation.

people across the globe are facing big challenges, and we need all available brains and bodies on board to solve them. so at marquette, we have multiple opportunities to generate ideas, foster innovation and research critical questions. 







 

more ideas mean more solutions.*



1 in 4
undergraduates participate in faculty research


#38
most innovative schools
u.s. news & world report


$40m+
research and development expenditures fy22 



 



*read about our research impact at marquette today.
 









we take you into the community. because   being the difference begins at home. 
















 

building a foundation of service for future generations
a new first-year classroom experience teaches the importance of building a community connection while laying a foundation for a lifetime of service.
 
get the story






 










mu and milwaukee. together since 1881.
our central location just over a mile from lake michigan gives you the ideal spot to discover milwaukee, our hometown. you’ll find world-class sports, dining, concerts, festivals, shopping, art and theatre — all within walking distance. and with an extensive number of nonprofits, organizations and companies in every industry, including several fortune 500 headquarters, milwaukee boasts an abundance of job and internship opportunities.



















 

there's only one way to get here.

plan a visit here to help




 





problem with this webpage? report an accessibility problem. to report another problem, please contact webrequests@marquette.edu.  marquette.edu feedback






searchsearch button



facebookinstagramx-twitterlinkedinyoutubetiktokthreads




marquette university
1250 w. wisconsin ave.milwaukee, wi 53233(800) 222-6544
contact us




key resources


españolcareerscampus mapcampus contactsmarquette emailcheckmarqd2lmyjob


admissionsaboutlibrariesresearchathleticsalumniuniversity safety




marquette a to z
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
privacy policylegal disclaimernon-discrimination policyaccessible technology
© 2025 marquette university








©

