







electronic component testing, counterfeit mitigation & authentication and component engineering - ecomp, electronic components, inc















































ecomp, electronic components, incelectronic component testing, counterfeit mitigation & authentication and component engineering 


home
products

manufactured electronic components
obsolete & legacy electronic component procurement specialists
network
displays
memory
power management
telecom


services

counterfeit mitigation of electronic components
primary concerns of semiconductor reliability
component engineering
electronic component testing services
packaging
certifications & registrations


manufacturers

semiconductor manufacturers
electronic connector component manufacturers
electronic relay manufacturers
passive, active electronic components, batteries, communications components and antenna manufacturers


line card
about

business overview
certifications & registrations
naics codes


contact
news
catalog

electronic component testing, counterfeit mitigation & authentication and component engineering
we are procurement specialists locating hard-to-find, obsolete and legacy electronic components and offering electronic component services including: engineering outsourcing, testing/authentication, dna marking and bill of material analysis. we also manufacture products for your new or legacy design.
obsolete & legacy electronic component procurement specialistsat ecomp, we are electronic component procurement specialists locating hard-to-find, allocated, mature parts to support your production and legacy systems. we test and … read more
electronic component testing labcost effective test solutions

ecomp is an independent electronic component testing entity providing testing for the aerospace, defense, medical, automotive and commercial … read more
manufactured electronic componentsecomp has the capability to manufacture products for your new or legacy design.  we represent a variety of manufacturers that specialize in semiconductor, analog, digital, rf, design and development.

ecomp line card
electronic component … read more
counterfeit mitigation of electronic componentsmission critical systems as in the aerospace, military, medical and industrial industries cannot be allowed to fail. many of these industries utilize legacy systems designed years or decades ago but are still in use today. these legacy systems require constant support and updating, with the resulting problem of essential electronic components that are no longer produced.

at times, the … read more
new electronic solutionsecomp is committed to meeting your demanding requirements for quality electronic products and service offering new electronic solutions. through a suite of network components/products, engineering resources, and services from legacy to npi, we offer turnkey solutions, seamless procurement and "one stop shopping." whether you're refurbishing legacy equipment or buying new, we create customer … read more
about usecomp is a specialty distributor and authenticator of electronic component products for the military, aerospace, medical and industrial marketplace. we provide authenticity verification / value added services for legacy components and can offer engineering assistance and custom replacement solutions for obsolete products and systems.
our vision: 
enabling the production of your legacy systems … read more
company profile

ecomp™ is a specialty distributor and authenticator of products for the military, aerospace, medical and industrial marketplace. we provide authenticity verification / value added services for legacy components and can offer engineering assistance and custom replacement solutions for obsolete products and systems.

terms and conditions of sale
terms and conditions for suppliers
news
click here for the latest news.

   
   
contact
ecomp™
electronic components, inc.
39 loring dr
framingham, ma 01702
toll-free 1-877-463-2667
tel: 508-881-8399
click here to email us.
 © copyright 2002-2024 ecomp™, electronic components, inc., all rights reserved  site map • website design by big ape studios













