







henredon

















































        
          
            henredon
          
        
      












































































































































                
                  
                    henredon
                  
                
              
luxury home furnishings, noted trend setting styles and exceptional quality









 









  






 

murphy modular sectional















configurable modular design. loose and reversible back cushions.




    shop now
  



murphy swivel boucle chair















100% polyester fabric. full 360-degree smooth swivel base.




    shop now
  

 

testimonials“i love this sectional. here are the reasons why for me it’s perfect: each “seat” is separate making it very versatile and less cumbersome; it sits flush with the floor so you don’t have dust collecting under the furniture that you can’t easily get to; it’s low profile which makes your space seem more spacious; the seats are deep front to back which is so much more comfortable; the back cushions are not fixed so they can be moved to provide a wider space if one needs extra sleep space; the fabric is plush looking. there is a lot of bang for the buck with this lovely sectional‼️”————“i have been searching for several months for a sectional sofa with beautiful texture and quality fabric. i was amazed when i found this henredon modular sofa on costco's website. the value is amazing! i work with home designer's with my business and i certainly understand the difference between average quality and high quality. this sectional exceeded my expectations and "bravo" to costco for supplying such a wonderful high-end piece of furniture at an amazing price that i am proud to have in my home.”————“great quality, style and value. swivels 360 degrees! fabric is called a boucle, which it is, but it is not a highly textured boucle-still pretty. the light wood base and the upholstered structural detail on the sides provide extra interest to elevate the design… and you cannot beat the price!”*testimonials from costco verified customers

 



luxury leader in home furnishings. unequivocal quality. timeless design.
subscribe to our newsletter




email address






subscribe






thank you!



 

















































henredon™ is a trademark of hhg ipco, llc. ©2024 hhg ipco, llc.  all rights reserved.









