 








home - easyfab



















































































please wait...












 
































features
about us
shop
fabric studio

features
library
resources
faq


contact us
f.a.q
help

template help
video help
pdf help


my account
log in0 items$0.00









 





become your own fabric designer for as low as only $69! 

store products 

purchase now 







simplest way ever for creating personalized photo fabric, no-sew templates, and your own unique fabric designs. 

view features 

purchase now 







choose from our many creative fabric designs, and easily add your favorite photos and text. 

store products 

purchase now 



 








what is easyfab design studio?
easyfab is a software program that allows you to easily create and print your own fabric designs by using your own home computer. designed to be used by both novice and advanced computer users, our software lets you create beautiful fabrics in only three easy steps.






 













easy to use…
using our simple step-by-step menu, even the novice can quickly create amazing fabrics and unique projects. our coordinated fabric designs make it even easier for you!











affordable…
think about how much money you will save on personalized gifts each year by using easyfab! need just a small piece of fabric you can’t find? create it and print it yourself!











flexible…
easyfab has both the depth and flexibility to manipulate images and text, and to create one-of-a-kind patterns that any designer would be proud of! it’s time to roll up your sleeves, and get started playing and discovering the easyfab!


 











 







new library collections:
samples from the hundreds of images included in easyfab basic and easyfab deluxe. check top online casino signup bonus latest offers and codes. 




templates
swatches
patterns
design images








swatches-1                swatches 









swatches-2                swatches 









templates                templates 









patterns3                patterns 









patterns-1                patterns 









templates4                templates 









templates-3                templates 









templates-2                templates 









library-5                design images 









library-3                design images 









library-2                design images 









patterns4                patterns 









patterns1                patterns 









swatches4                swatches 









swatches-3                swatches 









library-4                design images 









 






features and pricing






features

number of templates
number of swatches
number of backgrounds patterns
number of design images
windows version *
mac version **












easyfab basic

33
33
117




 $69 
buy now











easyfab deluxe

63
54
225
306



 $159 
buy now









* system requirement for windows.

os version supported – windows 7, 8,10 & 11
hard disk space required – 2 gb.
ram required – 4 gb (8 gb recommended).







** system requirement for mac.

os version supported – 10.9, 10.10, 10.11, 10.12 or 10.13 .
hard disk space required – 2 gb.
ram required – 4 gb (8 gb recommended).




 







client testimonials





i’ve always wanted to be able to easily create my own personalized fabric and i’ve finally found a way!  thank you easyfab!
 



susan b. 






i’ve never written a testimonial before, but really wanted to for this program.  the fabric and template choices are wonderful, the process is so simple, and the results are spectacular.  i also like that i can print fabric myself or order yardage online.
 



lori s. 






as a computer novice, i never expected to be able to design my own fabric.  but i’m able to now with easyfab and its so much fun!
 



sarah m. 






the program basically walks you step-by-step through the process, and there is help throughout the program. i love the fabric choices and can’t wait to make some of the projects included.

 



andrea g. 






i love the ability to create personalized fabric with only a few clicks on the screen and by dragging my photo onto the fabric.  i’m so impressed that easyfab was able to take something that seems difficult, and make it so easy! 
 



lauren c. 






i’ve used other software to try to design personalized fabric, but always struggled and the results were never this good!  where have you been all my life easyfab?  sometimes the best things in life are worth waiting for!
 



richard r. 





 









2017 © copyright easymade publications. all rights reserved.privacy policy





 


 
website powered by wp licensing system 



































