




michael's journal




















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































burnt_smiles
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














burnt_smiles







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







michael's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 3 most recent journal entries recorded in
michael's livejournal:


friday, june 9th, 200609 jun 2006|01:46pm
today is going to be very busy hi everyone! life as i know it has been going in spurts. one day it's slow,the next day i almost can't keep up. i sure wish i would stay,like you know...really busy all the time. steady. well i got to spend some time with alittle someone special. it was serenty. boy,i really miss her already. she just got use to me and she had to go back to newark. the time went so fast,i stayed with my g/f over night at my girlfriends parents house,so me & her could spend some time with "renny". it was late in the evening when her mommy dropped her off,so we ended up spending the night. i really enjoyed my time with her. emly(our neighbours grand-daughter)is here today. i jotted outside when i seen her to do my "regular" picking on her a little. :)) my g/f sent me after a bag of tweety-bird lolli-pops to give her,we both took one pink jelly bracelet off our wrists and made emily a friendship bracelet. so glad to see her too. i really don't want her to go home so soon,but her parents are coming to get her today. my g/f went to her new dr.(the 6th)an endocrindologist and things like new medicine for her tmng- hyperthyroidism,waiting to see results from the toxic dye uptake scan disc. the ultrasound films showed up to 8 nodulars two which are huge and the doctor seemed alittle nicer. but the new meds make me very nervous as well as the risks that come with this extra health condition. i just want all that meds to not react all fucked-up. im going to keep close eye on her health. so i better go so i can spend a little time with her. baby if you read this i <3 u!!!!!! laterz all. current mood:  curious

frowns

saturday, may 20th, 200620 may 2006|08:22pm
a week later (i think) well it's been a week later since i updated. things are still going ok so far,but i can't stay on very long. i have things to do. well hope thing go well for my girlfriend at her doctor's visit. i love her so much i wouldn't know what to do with out her..<3 <3 on the hand...i got my cartledge periced on my left top. yeah i know it's nothing new,but i've been wanting it done for awhile and well "it kicks ass\m/ my g/f lovz it too. also finally met my g/friends lil niece serenity but everybody in the family calls her "ren or renny" 4 short,i'm just getting that down..lol. i hope chad brings her back up soon. she looks like drew berrymorre when she played in "et" awwhhh i miss her. she reminds me of someone else too,but i will not go there. anyways probally lots more crazy stuff to put on here,but as always gotta go peeps. adios. current mood:  busy

1 smiles| frowns

wednesday, november 9th, 200509 nov 2005|04:06am
mi numeral uno i had a really good day. but i the had the best evening in a long time. but i can not wait to spend more time with some one speical,my girl friend. so i learnd so much and can't wait to learn more. i love her very much! love cookies,too. wish i could spend more time with her. i want to learn to type faster,but the real test is when i try to sign on later without any help,but i believe in myself and know i pick up quickly. wish me luck♣ good thing i took notes,lol. what do you think...?..hahahh. later on. current mood:  accomplished

5 smiles| frowns








about livejournal.com































