

famous 56.com







™

rockin in
the cradle of liberty!!




the home of wfil radio, in the 60s & 70s.
now celebrating our 26th year!
over 398,000
visitors to this site. thank you!!!


(updated february 8th, 2025)
website audio
greetingclick
here to listen  - now in mp3 format!

( ©1986
tm century productions, dallas, texas. used by permission)
 more sad news...we've
lost another family membermel klawanskyme
& mel  - wfil reunionthis will be the
hardest news personally that i have ever had to report.our
friend mel klawansky passed away. as most of you already know,mel
was a long time wfil radio engineer. he was also so much more to me. without
his knowledge, patience & guidance, this website would have never happened.mel
opened so many doors for me, introduced to so many people, and
made me feel so warmly welcomed into the wfil family. his
passing today is a devastating one for me personally. he
became such a huge part of my life on so many levels.i
will miss him more than i could ever express in these few words. until
we meet again some day....  funeral
arrangements are as follows.....








relatives and friends may attend
              a visitation thursday, february 13th, 2025 at the danjolell
              memorial home of broomall, 2811 west chester pike, broomall, pa
              19008. from 6pm until 7:45pm. 
funeral service will follow at 8pm.








   wfil featured aircheckjay
cook - 1970 click
here to download & listen (mp3)  
max myers pictures - 1972here
are a group of photos taken at a wfil softball event, held at max myers in ne
phila.click on any image
for full size pic! thanks to robert arden for sharing!from left to right - dave parks, jim o'brien, jim o'brien,
brother love, joe pellegrino, wfil mobile bandstand, full wfil team (newsman
matt (glenn) brenner wearing "gross" shirt on far right) 
**quick
note**going forward, all
features will be posted in the mp3 format!you'll
be able to listen anywhere!!

the
        guestbook is back!! 

click
        here to sign!
also..
famous56.com is on facebook. click
here to view & join!
 



a brief history,

rockin in the cradle of liberty, wfil,philadelphia, non-stop music, the pop explosion, the
helping hand marathon. these are just a few examples of what made wfil, so famous in the late 1960s, and in the 1970s. hello, i'm ron turner, and welcome to my small piece of cyberspace. wfil was such a large part of my life , that i found it appropriate to dedicate some web space to it. if you grew up in the delaware valley area, i'm sure you remember " famous 56". who could ever forget george michael welcoming us to a friday night? the morning antics of dr. don
rose, and lu-lu belle? not to mention, the unforgettable voice of "allen stone,
wfil,
news". and of course, who could ever forget jim o'brien. 

the "pop explosion" was born on september 18,1966. wfil, was up until then, a "middle of the road" station, playing standards, with a little rock and roll mixed in. but on that fateful morning in september, wfil began its' journey to become one of the greatest stations in the nation. with a tight format, great personalities, and fantastic jingles, wfil took over the number 1 spot in philadelphia radio, a spot formally occupied by
wibg. the list of greats that graced the microphones of wfil is much to long to list. the ones' listed here, had a lot to do with the success of the station. unfortunately, sooner or later, all good things must come to an end. in 1977, wfil changed formats, to reflect what management felt was the needs, and desires of the philadelphia listening audience. disco, and fm stereo, were taking over at the time. wfil switched to an early type of a/c station. this , however, didn't work either. next, it was time to try a country format. "philly
56 country" was born, and lasted for a year. then came various other formats, until one night, on september
2, 1983. at 6pm, the "boss was back"! famous 56 had been reborn. it seemed like a great idea at the time. the radio market in philadelphia was boring, to say the least. why not bring back "famous 56"? it was a gallant attempt, but just wasn't the same. the glory days of wfil could not be recreated.
now in 2022, wfil is now broadcasting a religious format, and is now owned by salem
communications in lafayette hills, pennsylvania.



behind the scenes
in addition to the air talent, there were many
folks behind the scenes that helped make wfil the success that it was. one of
the most important was a man by the name of jerry donahue. jerry was production
director at wfil for over 30 years.  it seems that everyone who worked with
jerry over the years has a story or two to tell. all of which end with a warm
smile and a fond memory. even though jerry is no longer with us, his
contribution to the history of wfil is one that will live on forever.
 
the boss chicks at garden state park - 1974 
  

what happened to the wfil
  double - decker bus??
then....

1993

this was taken in 1993 by vince, of wams/wrje.
  the bus was located in a field on route 50, in easton, md.

what happened to the "other boss bus"?here
is a great story sent to me recently by gary bowker.....
in 1984 i worked for borkon truckarama on
route 73 in maple shade n.j. in the back right hand corner was a big red double decker
bus. as i walked up to the bus i could clearly see the "wfil" logo 
and as i entered i saw a small sign with "boss bus #2  i remember
seeing boss bus #1 and #2 and the mustang on the old albums. one day i asked the
manager about the bus. whoever owned it after wfil, owed jerry borkon owner of
 borkon truckarama some money. he did not have the money and mr.borkon took
the bus he just put the bus in the back and forgot about it.
                  
one day the manager asked me to go out back and cut it up into pieces with the
torch. i really did not want to do this. it's a part of philly history. but i got to
do what they tell me to do so i spent 2 days cutting it up into pieces. it was in
real bad shape...no glass, the steps were rotted out (found this out the hard
way) i wish i took some pics back then. i remember looking into that bus
thinking of all the fun people had in it.

 




pictures from former
wfil engineer terry skleltonclick
any thumbnail for full size version. from
left to right....
wfil engineers fred moore & terry
    skelton
wfil opening day at the shore
wfil opening day part 2
wfil book cover
music power bumper sticker
wfil postcard, also photo used on pop
    explosion lp
wfil party 45
wfil party 45 with invite
wfil am transistor radio
 
**important e-mail
information**all
e-mail should now be addressed to ronturner5@verizon.net.  
 site
contributors


a special "thank you" to all who have contributed to my site, especially chuck gagliardi, bruce northwood, marc howard, randy roberts, john pizzi, mel klawansky, frank hogan,
ralph michaels, robert arden, joe flaska, diane (john) heiler, john flack, bruce
rubin, dave decaro, paul kovacs, bob hickerson, eddie coyle, steve ross, roy
akins, charlie mills, gary hendler, bill langill. ted winkler, jake schwartz,
  tony davis, les waas, bob hamilton, bill cain, rich franklin, carmen malizia, tracy
  carman, gene vassall. cindy brumm, bob kravitz, dave shayer, joyce (haverdink)klawansky, banana joe montione, joe gallagher, jim macino, wayne
  cabot, harry smith, kevin fennessy, roger hendler, hank bashjian, doug
    neatrour, ken heffner and jim glogowski.

also,
  special thanks to paul venuto,
  who spent countless days "breaking" me into the world of computers.
  if  it wasn't for him, this site would have never been created.thanks,
  paul!

to listen to any audio on my site, you will need the "realplayer", which is available as a free download below.

 
   






site navigation


wfil
aircheck index   (here's where you can listen to your favorite boss jock!)
wfil
record album covers
the
wfil boss chicks


wfil
boss jocks
wfil memories
where are they now?
the
1975 helping hand marathon featuring, john lennon

jim o'brien tribute
george michael tribute
wfil engineers
wfil news team
here comes the prize patrol
wfil
scrapbook page 1
wfil scrapbook page 2
wfil
scrapbook page 3
wfil
scrapbook page 4
wfil
scrapbook page 5 - the mel klawansky collection
wfil
scrapbook page 6 - the randy roberts collection
wfil scrapbook
page 7 - the gene vassall collection
wfil
scrapbook page 8- the bruce northwood collection
wfil
scrapbook page 9

wfil
2002 family reunion
wfil
2006
family reunion wfil
2011 family reunion
wfil 2014 family reunion
wfil
2016 family reunion


wfil surveys
the boss is back?
wfil jingles 
(the song between the songs!!)
sounds of philadelphia
my favorite radio-related
websites











if you have a special memory of
  wfil, or if you would like to contribute something, such as pictures,
  airchecks, surveys, etc.,
please send me an e-mail at ronturner5@verizon.net.thanks!







 
  

please note; this site is in no way affiliated with wfil, owned by salem communications, and broadcasting a religious format on 560 am, in philadelphia.


famous 56.com protected
  by federal copyright
 please keep in mind that
  this, and all
pages on my site are ©1999-2025


famous56.com. the jingles, and airchecks are
  used by permission, from their various copyright holders, if known, and may not be used without the consent of the webmaster. no claim
  is made for material that has been donated to me, for use on my site.  for more information, or to
  report an offender, please contact;
library of congress
  copyright office
  register of copyright
  101 independence ave., s.e.
  washington, d.c. 20559-6000


this
material is presented as an historical tribute, and complies with current
copyright laws, regarding "fair use", and "incidental use"
of copyrighted material. information presented at this site is for research
and enjoyment.

 if you are a copyright holder to any
material on my site, and wish to have it removed, please send me an e-mail
to ronturner5@verizon.net.

you are visitor




