



home





























skip to content
mywcjc

mywcjc

about
campuses
information for
current students
alumni
veterans
employee resources




menu
open search

search

submitclose search






programssubmenu
program finder
explore by interest area
continuing education
adult education & literacy
online courses
earn credit while in high school
classes & registration


admissionssubmenu
how to apply
new student orientation 
 tuition & fees 
financial aid 
records
visit 


student lifesubmenu
housing 
clubs & organizations 
fitness center 
library 
athletics
events calendar
bookstore 


communitysubmenu
programs for the community 
give to wcjc 
recruit our students
alumni


supportsubmenu
health & safety
academic support
career support
transfer support
disability services
trio student support program
veterans services
informational technology
testing services













find your opportunity
stay close to home
play video


contact
visit
apply now






follow your interest. begin your journey.all programs


biologyengineeringgeologypre-allied health

start your degree at wcjc
save time and money by beginning your educational career in one of our academic programs.
                           when you're ready, transfer your credits to a 4-year school.transfer-oriented programs


business office technologyemergency medical services (ems) information technology & networkingpolice academy

fast-track to the workforce
learn the skills you need through one of our affordable vocational programs. earn
                           a certificate or degree to land your dream career.career-oriented programs





enter a supportive environment.









                              							each student here today can explain the impact a compassionate instructor can
                              have, and each instructor can tell you the imprint a compassionate student can leave."
                              						

rachel wittig
a.a. in art, class of 2023 commencement speaker





academictake advantage of our academic and career advisors to help you reach your highest
                           potential.

financialwork with our financial aid staff to find scholarships and other aid to help you pay
                           for your education.

careervisit the career center for help with resume building, interview skills, and finding
                           a job.




 


fourcampuses.one wcjc.






wharton






richmond



sugar land



bay city








close


whartoncampus






                                             													 15+
                                             												

                                             													healthcare, wellness, and human service programs
                                             												
program finderapplyfull campus info

campus locationnestled in the heart of wharton, this campus offers a comprehensive range of academic
                                             and technical programs and state-of-the-art healthcare training facilities for an
                                             exceptional learning experience.

student lifedon’t just come to campus for class. attend one of our fine arts performances or come
                                             to corbett park for a baseball game or the gene bahnsen gymnasium for a volleyball
                                             game. live on campus in our residence halls, grab lunch in the cafeteria or snack
                                             bar, work out in the fitness center, join a club, or visit the j.h. hodges library
                                             to learn about our many student services, study spaces, and library resources.







                                             													“higher education/college always sounded like something i wouldn’t be successful at,
                                             but clearly i was wrong. i learned at wharton that i truly could do it all.”
                                             												


                                          													samuel mcclamrock
                                          												

                                          													student
                                          												





close


richmondcampus






                                             													 8+
                                             												

                                             													technical programs in high-demand fields
                                             												
program finderapplyfull campus info

campus locationlocated in historic richmond, this campus provides a dynamic learning environment
                                             and hosts a variety of specialized programs tailored to meet the needs of the local
                                             community.

student lifehome to the wcjc  emergency medical services training lab, process technology lab,
                                             cosmetology studio, and a variety of offerings and activities.







                                             													the richmond campus made it easy for me to take the first two years of courses at
                                             wcjc before transferring my credits to a four-year university.
                                             												


                                          													kailey jones
                                          												

                                          													english, a.a. ‘20
                                          												





close


sugar landcampus






                                             													20+
                                             												

                                             													transfer programs for students seeking a 4-year degree
                                             												
programsapplyfull campus info

campus locationin partnership with the uhsl, our sugar land campus offers convenient access to a
                                             wide array of courses and resources for students in the fort bend county area.

transfer supporteffortlessly transition to uhsl, or any other four-year university, to pursue your
                                             bachelor's degree!







                                             													speaking to the financial aid advisors at sugar land has given me access to scholarship
                                             opportunities i would not have gotten anywhere else.
                                             												


                                          													tiffany okonkwo
                                          												

                                          													business administration, a.a.
                                          												





close


bay citycampus






                                             													15+
                                             												

                                             													career-ready degrees, certificates, and continuing education programs
                                             												
programsapplyfull campus info

campus locationthe bay city campus is dedicated to serving the educational needs of students in the
                                             matagorda county region, offering industry-based programs that provide students with
                                             the skills they need to become career-ready in as little as one year.

student supportwe offer unparalleled hands-on training in cutting-edge programs such as nuclear power
                                             technology, process technology, manufacturing technology, and emergency medical services
                                             with all of the benefits wcjc offers.







                                             													as a marine veteran, i don't think i've ever had such willing instructors to go the
                                             extra distance so that each student fully understands things. every question i had
                                             was always answered, and for that, i am very appreciative.
                                             												


                                          													dustin fehmel 
                                          												

                                          													electronics & engineering, a.a.s. ‘21
                                          												











keep up with usall news
      wcjc undertakes host of improvement projects february 14, 2025        wcjc drama department presents 'comedy of terrors' february 13, 2025        wcjc choir members join texas two year all-state choir february 10, 2025        wcjc band performs director's favorite songs february 5, 2025        wcjc offers new patient care technician program february 4, 2025        state grant benefits wcjc automotive technology program february 3, 2025  




                        			get involved. join us.

view all events








chart your course

contact
visit
apply now


top of page
 








911 boling highway wharton, tx 77488 (979) 532-4560



facebook

instagram

twitter

pioneer





campuses

wharton
richmond
bay city
sugar land



resources

online services
employee email
intranet
wcjc resume
careers at wcjc
academic calendar
events calendar
library
mental health resources
texas public information act



wharton county junior college is an equal opportunity educational institution.







hb2504
consumer info
privacy notice
investment disclosures and financial reports
title ix
clery act


2025 © wharton county junior college | all images found in this website are the property
               by wharton county junior college and may not be used by any other entity for any other
               purpose without written permission from the college.



 










©


