



home - hot dog chicago style - the search for the perfect dog




































untitled





history
fun facts
cool stuff


our ratings philosophy
reviews

madison area
chicago area
wisconsin (outside of madison)
other states

dogbase
test lab
good, bad, ugly
suggest a place for review


everything you need to know
step-by-step assembly instructions
ingredient shopping list
where to find ingredients


noteworthy
hdcs in the news


our story
visit our blog
contact us
 


















pardon our dust while we are re-designing our website.  there are many updates coming, so stay tuned and we hope you enjoy our new site.













reviews
dogbase
faq
make your own
about us
contact us

suggest a place
visit our blog
home


















welcome to the hot dog chicago style website!
do you love hot dogs? if you answered "yes", you have come to the right place. hot dogs are served and cooked many different ways throughout the world, but nothing compares to the perfect chicago dog.





need some great birthday or holiday gifts?
our t-shirts and other products are a great way to show your true chicago style. click here for some great gift ideas for anyone who loves chicago dogs! 
we are no longer opressed by the man!
the saga of the little guys against the ketchup giants continues. click here to read the full story.
dogs are good for you...especially when your favorite team loses
it is scientifically proven that eating chicago style dogs cures the depression felt when one's team loses. note: this statement has not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. eating chicago dogs is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. 
do you know of a great place to get a chicago dog?
let us know and we will add it to our review list. click here to suggest a place.
go bears! go cubs! go sox! go bulls! go blackhawks! go fire!
congratulations to the blackhawks on their quest for the stanley cup!  even though this year is sometimes rough for chicago sports teams and their loyal fans, we would still like to congratulate all our teams on a wonderful season! we are proud that hot dog chicago style helped people all over the united states kick-off their stanley cup, super bowl and world series playoff parties with chicago style hot dogs. visit our "make your own" section and learn how to create a chicago dog. we wish all our favorite chicago teams the best and hope for a great season.
cece's kitchen
we were recent guests on cece's kitchen, an internet talk radio show. a special hello to all of the fans from cece's kitchen who are visiting us. click here for information about the show.
road trip to chicago
we are planning our next trip to chicago to do reviews of chicago's finest.  help us plan our future visits. if you know of a great place we should review, please let us know. click here to suggest a place.

baseball, hot dogs...
hot dogs are certainly one of america's favorite foods and has a long-lasting association with baseball.  who doesn't remember going to a baseball game as a kid and eating a hot dog.
not long ago, we wanted to take our kids to a chicago cubs game, but the summer ran away from us. although we never did make it to the friendly confines of wrigley field, we did go to an arizona diamondbacks game while on vacation. since this was the kid's first major league baseball game, we decided to give them the true baseball experience and hand over the the "big-bucks" for over-priced hot dogs. i am not so sure they remember much about the game, but they will always remember the "colorful" vendors and certainly never forget their first time eating a hot dog in a real baseball stadium.
as good as it gets!
a good hot dog can be a thing of beauty and a stupendous culinary experience, but the chicago style hot dog has been described as the quintessential hot dog. years ago, sinead o'connor had the hit song, "nothing compares to you". we like to believe that she was singing about her love for the chicago dog.
we are often asked why we created a website dedicated to the chicago dog. the answer is simple, we are passionate about our hot dogs and want to share that passion with you. after browsing through our site, we sincerely hope that you too will agree that nothing compares to a chicago style hot dog.
as transplants from the chicago area, we truly miss the plethora of hot dog places. we currently live in madison, wisconsin and are conducting a search of the area for the perfect chicago style hot dog. we are locating and reviewing every place in the madison area that serves chicago's best. we also plan on reviewing places in chicago. if you think you know where you can get the quintessential chicago dog, please let us know and we will try to do a review.
believe it or not, you can create a superb chicago dog in the privacy of your own home. don't miss our "make your own" section for instructions on creating this culinary delight.  we will tell you everything you need to know from where to buy the ingredients to how to assemble your dog.
if you have any comments or questions, click here to contact us.

check out our blog: well, we now have a blog all about hot dogs.  we do not write the blog, but our friend jessamine graciously offered to do all the blogging work.  jessamine is a technical writer at the company we work for.  jessamine lived in the chicago area for many years and is no stranger to chicago dogs.  click here to check out her musings.
help support this site: spread the word that ketchup and chicago dogs don't mix. show your true chicago style by purchasing our new just say "no" to ketchup products. all proceeds help offset our costs associated with operating this website. click here to see all available products.
legal disclaimer: we are not responsible for any cravings you may have. please be forewarned that the chicago dog may be habit-forming...at least we hope so!
 












































































| the chicago dog | 
history | 
ratings | 
make your own | 
test lab | 
fun facts | 
gbu | 
about us |

| top of page | 
frequently asked questions | 
contact us | 
blog | 
home |




















©
  hot dog chicago style - all rights reserved










