







home page - on the move permits









































































			skip to content		

on the move permits


























menu

 


order permits
contact us
about us
permit info
pilot cars
travel restrictions














order online




































serving your trucking permit needs 



since 1993 


























 







let us help 



you get 



on the move 



							whether you’re hauling an oversize or overweight load, or traveling across state lines without irp authority or ifta decals, on the move will help you get the permits required to complete your trip – on time and hassle-free.

as more than a nationwide permit service, we assist with permits for all states in the continental us and across canada, so you can get all your hauling permits in one place.						






order permits










contact us






























over 1,000,000 permits completed! 



							with over 30 years of experience, on the move is the best permit service for the job. our knowledgeable and friendly agents are ready to assist you with your coast to coast trucking permits. we also provide information about state requirements, trucking holiday travel restrictions, and pilot car services. check out our links in the navigation bar for more!						






about us





















 
oversize permits



 
overweight permits



 
temporary ifta/fuel permits



 
temporary reg/irp trip permits





















 


















not sure if you need a permit? 



							check requirements to find out what kind of permit you need.						










do i need an oversize or overweight permit?

an oversize/overweight permit is required when you travel in a state and your loaded dimensions exceed the legal width, height, length, or weight limits for that specific state. the most common state legal limits are 8’6″ wide, 13’6″ high, 65′ long, or 80,000 lbs distributed evenly on at least 5 axles (12,000 lbs on the steer axle & 17,000 lbs on each of the next 4 axles). however, specific state rules vary and can be more restrictive than the common limits. the actual permit will list the dimensions allowed for your specific load, the routes, travel regulations & restrictions, and the time period allowed to make the move.







do i need a temporary registration permit/trip permit?

generally a trip permit/temporary irp permit/temporary registration permit is required when you travel in a state in which your apportionable vehicle is not registered under the irp/ucr.  “apportionable vehicle” means any power unit that is used or intended for use in two or more member jurisdictions and that is used for the transportation of persons for hire or designed, used, or maintained primarily for the transportation of property, and: (i) has two axles and a gross vehicle weight or registered gross vehicle weight in excess of 10,000 pounds (6,000 lbs in some states), or (ii) has three or more axles, regardless of weight, or (iii) is used in combination, when the gross vehicle weight of such combination exceeds 10,000 pounds (6,000 lbs in some states).







do i need a temporary fuel permit?

generally a temporary fuel permit/temporary ifta permit/fuel tax permit is required when you travel in a state in which your “qualified” vehicle does not hold an ifta (international fuel tax association) decal or license. all states in the continental united states and all canadian provinces except alaska, yukon, and northwest territories, and the district of columbia, participate in ifta. if you are based in a jurisdiction that is a member of ifta and operate a qualified motor vehicle in two or more jurisdictions, you must comply with the ifta laws. a “qualified” vehicle for the purposes of ifta & temporary fuel permits is the same qualifications listed above for trip permits: any power unit that is used or intended for use in two or more member jurisdictions and that is used for the transportation of persons for hire or designed, used, or maintained primarily for the transportation of property, and: (i) has two axles and a gross vehicle weight or registered gross vehicle weight in excess of 26,000 pounds (6000 or 10,000 lbs in some states), or (ii) has three or more axles, regardless of weight, or (iii) is used in combination, when the gross vehicle weight of such combination exceeds 26,000 pounds (6000 or 10,000 lbs in some states).







































order permits online







							or call 727-942-2006 to speak to a live agent!						























 






































 















contact us 



phone: 727-942-2006
orders@onthemove.us

fax: 727-942-2011						







							hours						



							monday – friday

7:00 am – 5:30 pm ct

8:00 am – 6:30 pm et						







							information						



about us
permit info
pilot cars
restrictions 





















 




















