







mississauga dental clinic | mississauga dentist | teeth whitening | emergency dentist


























































































































 










 




							email us						


						info@thesmilecentre.com						









 




							call us						


905-277-3088 













 




							text us						


416-606-2853 














 
schedule an appointment























home
what we do

consultation & diagnosis emergency continuous care teeth whitening restoration extractions root canal therapy orthodontics crown bridge & veneers dentures & implants

how we do it

waterlase dental implants invisalign braces velscope lumineers veneers pinhole® surgical technique zoom teeth whitening

before & after
who we are
cdcp
faq
videos
keep in touch





x
 











icon-facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 





















we can make your 



smile better
 



							when you need a dentist, dr. william rodriguez and associates is here to serve you.						







 
book appointment







 

 

 















welcome to our dental family  












 







after more than 26 years, we are still here, still making great smiles come true for you, your family and your friends. we are grateful for your loyalty and look forward to seeing you again, as we continue to deliver the kind of comfortable and easy dentistry that you have come to know. we welcome new patients from the entire region of peel, greater toronto area, and farther. we provide general dental services, using laser and digital technology where appropriate. allow us to take care of your smile. it is our honour and privilege to serve you.   







 
schedule an appointment



















 





 







after more than 26 years, we are still here, still making great smiles come true for you, your family and your friends. we are grateful for your loyalty and look forward to seeing you again, as we continue to deliver the kind of comfortable and easy dentistry that you have come to know. we welcome new patients from the entire region of peel, greater toronto area, and farther. we provide general dental services, using laser and digital technology where appropriate. allow us to take care of your smile. it is our honour and privilege to serve you.   







 
schedule an appointment
















learn about the services that we provide to make your smile great 








waterlase™waterlase™ laser uses a unique combination of laser and water/air spray to perform dental….

read more



 








implantsimplant dentistry replaces missing teeth with an artificial tooth root and crown that matches…

read more



 








invisalign™ braceswhile traditional braces can be the cause of discomfort and inconvenience, wearers…

read more



 
















velscopeusing velscope, a wide variety of oral abnormalities can be discovered often before they’re visible…

read more



 









lumineers veneerswith lumineers, you no longer have to hide your smile…and you don’t have to endure lengthy…

read more



 















 
view all services















before after
 





































































knowledge centre
 











 





















invisalign dentist: a bright smile
show the world a bright and healthy smile when you schedule your appointment with us. dr. william rodriguez and associates proudly offers invisalign services for patients of all ages.

in addition to our invisalign services, we are also experienced with dental bridges and teeth whitening. we offer personalized, gentle care because we know that each patient has varying needs. as part of our commitment to excellent patient service, we make our office a comfortable and relaxing environment.

contact our mississauga dental clinic to request an appointment for your next checkup. our dentists are happy to work with patients throughout brampton, milton, etobicoke, and mississauga, ontario.
read more















laser solutions
a visit to the dentist can go a long way, but proper knowledge is key to ensuring long time oral health and quality of life. at dr. william rodriguez & associates, we are committed to giving you the knowledge that will allow you to properly care for your teeth. we use lasers whenever possible for your comfort and safety.

dr. william rodriguez is the first dentist in the area to offer waterlase™ laser dentistry. this laser uses a unique combination of laser and water-air spray to perform dental procedures without heat and vibration, thus eliminating the use of needles in most cases. you no longer have to worry about numbness that is associated with dental procedures, and even better, the healing time is much faster.
read more















velscope
using velscope, a wide variety of oral abnormalities can be discovered — often before they’re visible to the unassisted eye. velscope is a non-invasive technology that helps detect oral cancer. early detection allows for a wider range of treatment options.
read more







 











meet our team 



							always friendly service with a smile!

						











						dr. william rodriguez					


				principal dentist			


















						dr. christine li					


				associate dentist			


















						dr. nayereh (nina) sabaei					


				associate dentist			


















						dr. patrick rodriguez					


				associate dentist			


















						dr. emily nguyen					


				associate dentist			














 
view more























						 dr. william rodriguez 					


				principal dentist			


















						dr. christine li					


				associate dentist			


















						dr. nayereh (nina) sabaei					


				associate dentist			


















						dr. patrick rodriguez					


				associate dentist			



















testimonials 



what people say 











one word "awesome"  i know that is not a word usually goes with a dentist.  but dr. will provides a comfortable service with an exceptional support staff.


clive grant




 









the most warm, kind and professional dental office. it's everything you would want a dental office to be. i hated going to the dentist but these guys really make the whole experience so much better.


mrinalini ramesh




 









been going to the smile center for over 20 yrs. dr. william rodriguez and his staff provides par excellence service, professional and friendly. would highly recommend their services.


sonnya




 









margarita's brushes are magical! not only does she transform you beautifully, her professionalism is very laudable. this has been how my colleagues and families have experience with margarita! 


caroline martin




 







 












testimonials 



what our patients said 











“please let doc know that | came in really stressed but | left feeling very happy. |
don't know what he does, always happy when | leave your office.”


mark




 









“you guys are awesome! i've been coming here for almost 25 years and my visit is
always enjoyable.”


njerico




 









talking about customer service, this is customer service! call my insurance for me and giving your time to find out if all my claims are received and paid. you are an angel, girl


sheryl




 









“professional, friendly and courteous staff. dr. rodriguez is a great dentist who always listens to his patient's needs. thanks for the excellent service.”


 square pos client




 









“he has magic in his hands. did not feel any pain and sensitivity.”


ludmila




 









“this was a very pleasant visit."


danny




 









“you guys are so good! | live all the way in markham and i still come here. *-


garth




 









 












 











1
step 1









book your appointment online

nameyour full name

emaila valid emailemail

phone numberyour full name

dateof appointmentdate_range

languagepick one!8:00 am8:30 am9:00 am9:30 am10:00 am10:30 am11:00 am11:30 am12:00 pm12:30 pm1:00 pm1:30 pm2:00 pm2:30 pm3:00 pm3:30 pm4:00 pm4:30 pm5:00 pm5:30 pm6:00 pm6:30 pm

languagepick one!select the services you requireconsultation & diagnosisemergencycontinuous careteeth whiteningrestorationextractionsroot canal therapyorthodonticscrownbridge & veneersdentures & implants

if you have any questions or comments, please use the box below.more details0 / 

recaptcha v3

submit






keyboard_arrow_leftprevious

nextkeyboard_arrow_right

formcraft – wordpress form builder 





















 






 
350 burnhamthorpe road west, suite 125 mississauga, on l5b 3j1




 
info@thesmilecentre.com





 
(905) 277-3088







 







working hours 














 
monday to saturday: 8:00 am to 5:00 pm



 
sunday and holiday weekend: closed










quick links 















 
resources





 
new patient form





 
accessibility policy





 
privacy policy





 
legal policy





 
videos





 
blogs





 
faqs











share with us 





















icon-facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 






















copyright © 2024 dr. william rodriguez dentistry professional corporation. all rights reserved. 







							“mississauga’s established dental care, trusted by generations.”						



















































































