


oaktree kennels









oaktree
westies


 

      

this web currently under reconstruction. 
 

announcement:
it is with a great deal of sadness that i announce i have
decided to continue a moratorium on breeding westie litters.   as the
covid-19 pandemic continues to carry on seemingly uncontrolled in wisconsin and
with veterinary care limited to a drop off in the parking lot and wait for a
call scenario (which i could never do), i will not be breeding my girls until
conditions change.  
i am maintaining a list of interested potential puppy owners
and will contact everyone when i begin breeding again.  until then, i will
be happy to answer any questions you might have about westies in general and
oaktree westies in particular.  you have the best chance of catching me by
phone on monday, wednesday and friday in the afternoon or tuesday and thursday
in the morning.  do to the large number of emails i am receiving, please
resend if you do not receive a reply within a week.  if you hit my junk
file i might miss your inquiry.  
links etc. on this web page may not work as they should yet--i'm
making the web page a priority now as i have no puppies to care for so check
back for improved function.  

currently visitors are limited at oaktree.. call for
appointment. 

welcome to oaktree westies
i am happy you have come to my website where
i hope you can learn a little more about me as a westie breeder and my wonderful crew of
west highland white terriers. my late husband david and i began breeding dogs in 1978 and
in 1985 focused on giant schnauzers and west highland white terriers. although all breeds
have their good points, giants and westies have the qualities we liked best in dogs.
personality plus with stable temperaments, terrier harsh coat, no doggie odor, no seasonal
shedding, and of course, impressive appearance  are just some of their wonderful
characteristics. although i no longer breed giants, my love for them continues. surf
through my pages to learn more about our past giants and my present in westies. 
follow the link to our westie page packed with information about the west highland white
terrier and westie photos also links to our akc champion westie alborada-watch-me-now and
to all our westies including our last arrival from spain, alborada krauss. enjoy!

my mission
at oaktree my mission has always been and
will always be to provide the highest quality west highland white terrier puppies to
select loving homes in a professional manner. 

my profile
my goal as a breeder is to raise healthy
west highland white terrier puppies of excellent westie temperament that are proper
representatives of the breed. in that regard i have worked for over 25 years to be able to
say that westies born at oaktree are of  excellent quality with a firm foundation of
health and 'westietude.' just take a look at my litters pages to see the direction i am
heading at oaktree.

affiliations
american kennel club
canadian kennel club

where is sarona?

sarona is located in northwestern wisconsin
about 6 hours from chicago, 2-1/2 hours from minneapolis/st. paul and an hour north of eau
claire wisconsin between rice lake and spooner.
 
contact information
i make every effort to answer each and every
e-mail i receive.  if you have not received a reply within a week, do send a gentle
reminder or call...

telephone 
715-354-3274
fax 
715-354-3274 
postal address 
w3153 church road
         
    sarona, wi 54870-9204 u.s.a.
electronic mail 
general information: oaktreewesties@centurytel.net
    webmaster: oaktreewesties@centurytel.net

webrings to browse








 
 
































 

 





for
                more information contact
oaktree
                kennels
w3153
                church road
sarona,
                wisconsin 54870
phone:
                715/354-3274 voice, fax, data.
e-mail:
                oaktreewesties@centurytel.net
          


for
                easy site navigation use these links
home
westies
                | planned
                westie litters  | rudy's
                page   | westie
                links
rudy's
                show results | show
                schedule | cheri's
                page
westie
                photo album | westie
                news | giants
new
                westie litters
previous
                westie litters
annie's
                page | tinker's
                page


  

copyright
                © 1996--2021  oaktree kennels, bonnie sue hurley. all rights
                reserved.
send
                mail to oaktreewesties@centurytel.net
with
                questions or comments about this west highland white terrier web
                site.
                last modified: 01/09/21
                

 


