


	welcome to future systems solutions
















































company
|
partner
|
press center
|
contact us
|
customer service






















homeproducts

caspercasper server editioncasper tech editioncasper secure drive backupcasper secure server editioncasper secure tech edition

purchasesupport

support centerknowledge basemy account

ordersprofiledownloadslicenses

contact support

buy online

























learn more >>







						"possibly the most easy-to-use automated backup program ever released."
						-- microsoft windows™ xp: the official magazine
















 new! casper™ 11  new version!

  new version 11 now available!
complete, easy-to-use pc backup protection for windows

									designed exclusively for windows™, casper makes it a snap to keep a complete image file backup 
									or instantly-bootable backup replacement drive for your system. when disaster strikes, you can restore 
									your backup image or simply boot and run your computer directly from your bootable backup 
									and be up and running again immediately. it's that easy!
								



											casper creates a complete copy of your system hard disk, including the operating 
											system, applications, settings, and all of your data.
										


easy-to-use wizards quickly guide you through the process step-by-step.


safely test-boot your system from a backup at any time for added assurance!




learn more



buy now
try now





read the full review!






 new! casper secure™ drive backup

  new version 4.0 now available!
complete, easy-to-use pc backup protection for users of symantec™ (pgp™) and windows bitlocker™ drive encryption

									casper secure drive backup is the only backup and recovery solution specifically designed 
									for users of symantec drive encryption (formerly pgp wde) and windows bitlocker drive encryption. with one click, 
									casper secure creates a complete, fully encrypted backup of your encrypted windows system drive in its original 
									encrypted state without ever leaving windows. when disaster strikes, you can restore your backup to its original
									encrypted state or simply boot and run your computer directly from your encrypted bootable backup and be up 
									and running again immediately. it's that easy!
								



											creates a complete, fully-encrypted copy of your pgp whole disk encrypted 
											system drive, including the operating system, applications, settings, and 
											all of your data.
										



											makes upgrading a whole disk encrypted system drive to a larger capacity 
											drive extraordinarily easy without requiring a laborious and time consuming 
											backup, restore, and re-encryption process.
										



											creates a fully bootable copy of a whole disk encrypted windows system 
											drive that will even boot and run directly from an external usb drive.
										




learn more
watch video


buy now
try now

















play


play






drag




0:00 / 0:00
volume





drag




subtitleshdfull screen








							introducing casper secure drive backup
						
share



















 





								with casper secure, i have a one-step, complete solution. casper secure backs up 
								everything and the backup maintains my original pgp whole disk encryption so that 
								i remain 100% compliant with corporate security policies.
l. lincoln











"...look no further than casper"
pc plus magazine









what the media has to say







...a nimble tool with an easy-to-use interface that makes short work of full-system backups.
smart computing







...the most intuitive cloning program i have ever used. best bang for the buck.
build or buy news









read what others are saying


hi,
what a delight to have software work perfectly the first time. even the copy 
									software that came with my maxtor hard drive didn't work...


read more












© copyright 1997-2025 future systems solutions, inc. all rights reserved.





