


eggless baking











eggless cakes, eggless cookies, eggless recipes





eggless.com


welcome

to the original eggless website
13th sept. 2013. great news! our kindle book is now available on all amazon sites. see the sidebar.
click through the menus on the right for many lacto-vegetarian and vegan recipes for cakes and cookies. there is also information and links for people who are vegetarian and dont eat eggs. we support the  world vegetarian council which left the int. veg union in protest after they accepted eggs as part of a vegetarian diet. we  also support the ideals of the young indian vegetarians in the uk
about eggless
we published our first eggless cake book in august 1993. it's hard to believe that it took us two years to do it. then an ebook version was distrbuted as shareware as a windows help file. our cookie book followed in 1994 and in 1996, we published 'great cakes without eggs'. we began this site at the same time and we have shared many of the recipes in our books. 
technology and the availability of ingredients has moved on. we decided to re-edit our books and produce them as kindle books. we have found great success in the use of flax-seeds in recipes and we are working now to create new versions of our classic recipes, without dairy products.we are also testing many new recipes which we will make available soon. 
who we are
akinchana dasi (day clark) was born in an indian family in tongaat, in kwa-zulu natal, south africa. at age 12, she attended a lecture by hare krishna founder, a. c. bhaktivedanta swami.  soon after leaving school, she joined the krishna community at cato ridge, near peitermaritzburg. she pioneered a prison visiting programme, supporting anc detainees. she helped with the fundraising for the sri-sri radha-radhanath temple of understanding in chatsworth, near durban. she moved to the uk in 1989. 
bhagavat dharma (alan clark), her husband, was born on tyneside in the uk. he met krishna devotees at festivals in the early 1980s, where he performed as a poet and storyteller. he was a full-time member of the krishna movement for 17 years. he helped to run govinda's vegetarian restaurant in leicester and played a part in keeping bhaktivedanta manor, near watford, open for the community. after attending university as a very mature student, he is now a lecturer in film and media. he has a keen interest in testing the recipes. 
the couple spent two years living and working in india. they have a daughter, subhadra and a son, gopal.







eggless cakes
vegan cakes
eggless drop cookies
vegan drop cookies
eggless other cookies
vegan other cookies




news & events

problem fixed (07th june 2015)
someone hacked our index page for eggless cakes and created a link to a page selling watches. this has been repaired and we'll watch this carefully. 
great news (13th sept. 2013)
our kindle book is now available on all amazon sites.  the book includes all of the cake recipes from this site, plus some extras. we're converting our cookie book now, then we'll publish new cakes and some entirely vegan collections.... 
click for the relevant amazon page below:

us
uk
india
canada
germany
france
spain
italy
brazil
mexico
japan




get in touch
        email: mx2cook1954@gmail.com


copyright â© bhima media uk







