



art passions fairy tales - fairies and fairy tale art illustrations























			art passions: fairy tales are the myths we live by
latest
       
 				
 
 featured book
				      
 
	
  art tile



home
       

 first time here?
       
 

 stories
       
 				
 site map
				       

 faq
       

 
 contact

 







fairy tales are the myths we live by
 arguably, art passions is the oldest fairy tale art website on the net. art passions began primarily as a tribute to artists and illustrators whose works i grew up with. i encourage you to explore this site and learn about the works of arthur rackham, gustave dore, william morris, john bauer, aubrey beardsley, edmund dulac, virginia frances sterrett, kay nielsen, adrienne segur, warwick goble, the preraphaelites and others. 

site announcements (worth reading)
most recent additions
site contents by artist
first time here?

latest additions
many, but not all of the stories are now mobile friendly.  new mobile-friend additions:
	
robinson crusoe

the cat that walked by himself

all of the alice in wonderland chapters are now mobile friendly.  i also put up some bigger and better images.
earlier
holiday blog post: the krampus and the yule goat cometh. 
more first-level pages made mobile friendly.  fixed most of the subdomains so there should be fewer error pages.  error pages should be a little more helpful now. 
gustave dore rime of the ancient mariner is now mobile-friendly.  complete text of coleridge's poem accompanied by 36 dore illustrations. 
added new images to maxfield parrish and jessie m. king
books: are you looking for the fairy tale book with the adrienne segur illustrations? don't spend $300 on the original (unless you want to). it has been republished as the golden book of fairy tales. 
stories: stories, fairy tales retold, and a little commentary are listed here: stories, including the princess and the pea retold by xineann. mcgraw-hill is going to use this story in one of its textbooks so i am motivated to do more, as time allows. 

pages to color i've also added some of the black and white anne anderson illustrations from grimms fairy tales and hans christian andersen fairy tales. these are suitable for printing out for children to color. images are from the frog prince, the snow queen and others. these will focus on fine motor skills but are not so detailed as to be frustrating for elementary age children. are these something anyone wants? if these are popular, write me and i'll do some more. 

news and announcements

currently working on: i am making the site mobile-friendly while i check and things, in this order: first-level artist pages, stories (so they can be read on tablets), site map, second-level pages of images, then everything else. there's some progress being made. updating the artist pages, fixing broken links. all of that is tedious so i will add some new articles and retold tales while it goes on. 

i am working on fixing the links, after the move and making the site mobile-friendly. expect things to break fifty ways to sunday as this happens. inlinks from other sites should work and the custom 404 (not found) pages that will help you get where you are going. if you are on a desktop, things should display okay. mobile and tablet are going to be painful for a while longer. the site map should help and getting that current is a high priority. also, i'm semi-retired now so i'll add some links to my tile and art print website and some recommended books and stuff to buy. i'll keep it not-in-your-face, though.

progress meter: there are have been two problems, one overcome. first, the old hosting company implemented something called "cpu throttling" that makes the site unavailable when traffic peaks on the server. i have moved art passions to another hosting company that doesn't do that. as in all moves, things break. please be patient. ideally, i'd have a dedicated server for art passions, but i need to either start selling more prints and tile for that to happen. second, art passions is a pretty old website. increasingly, site visitors are on tablets, not computers, so making the site mobile friendly is a big priority. 

artist still in the queue: florence harrison (done but not up), edward detmold, charles and w.heath robinson, arthur dixon. 
next tasks: verify site map and make mobile friendly, free fairy backgrounds and bookmarks and coloring pages for summer, stories to read, then the artist pages. 
first time here?

confused? some places to start:

site map (new and improved)
site contents by artist
announcements
william morris page
latest additions
illustrated stories online
art prints: fairy tales, mythology, and fables
faq do read before you contact me.
anne anderson pages to download and color
search by keyword
alice in wonderland
 fairy tales of oscar wilde
robinson crusoe
the real princess and the princess and the pea exposed
sebastian's fairy tale scholarship (quiet since he's in school)
how to color ukrainian eggs (psanky)
xineann's favorite poems
cards, postcards, calendars 

what else is here...
it's more than just a gallery. artists: some artpassions visitors who are also artists show some of their work here. 

questions? i may have answered it in the faq. if not, you can write to me using the link at the bottom of this page. i can't really help you appraise art by these artists, or help you write a term paper that's due tomorrow morning. 
resources: i try to keep art passions non-commercial, although there are some links to art prints and tile, and books. since i'm retired, and social security does not go as far as you might think, i'll add a few more. whatever resources i have for finding books or posters by these artists are listed in the faq and book recommendation / resources pages. sets of art tiles, murals, and accent tiles by these artists are available via william morris tile, and many of these illustrations are available as prints are available at artsy craftsy. if you don't find a print there, ask and i may be able to get it for you. also, if you do follow any links to amazon, you are supporting the children's healing art project, whose teacher lead over fifty hours of art adventures for children and their families at doernbecher children's hospital, knight cancer institute, the ohsu pediatric neurosurgery clinic and schnitzer diabetes health center. 
viewing the images: not all images can be displayed inline on the artist page. follow the link to see a showcase image on its own page. a few of these may open in a new tab or window, but i think i have removed all of these. 
news!: for a few years now, i have not been able much in the way of new images due to hotlinking of images (explained in the faq and have even had to remove some of the most popular victims of hotlinks. however, i think i have solved this, so you will find me adding more art and artists now. i'm really happy about this. you are still more than welcome to post images from art passions to your blog or pinterest or tumblr page. no problems there. 

suggestions: where i know of historical sites on the artist, i have linked to those. if i have missed a great site, please suggest a resource. i really value your comments and feedback. 


problems: sometimes things go down, sometimes i am working on an area of the site and it's offline. so if an artist you are looking for is suddenly not available, check back in a day or two. please do not webstrip the site. it makes me have a bad day. 

copyright questions? you can find the current state of this issue on the frequently asked questions page. 




site contents by artist

adrienne segur

 this is really where art passions started you will find adrienne segur's illustrations to the fairy tale book by marie ponsot. 

also: my book of cat stories, the snow queen, ib and christine, and the nutcracker. most recent: added all the illustrations to l'oiseau d'or. 

john bauer

 john bauer's famous trolls and illustrations to nordic myths and tales. 
most recent: more than 50 new illustrations and paintings from bland tomtar och troll, till sagolandet, and later paintings.
 
edmund dulac

 edmund dulac's illustrations grace such hard-to-find classics as his dreamer of dreams, the fairy book, and his picture book for the red cross. 

also: arabian nights, sinbad the sailor, and the rubaiyat. 


most recent: new edmund dulac illustrations include the tempest and gods and mortals in love. 



kay nielsen

 kay nielsen illustrations to grimm's fairy tales, 
old tales from the north, twelve dancing princesses, hans christian andersen fairy tales 
and others. 

most recent: all of in powder and crinoline and red magic added to the kay nielsen page.
arthur rackham
 

really, too many rackham illustrations to list, including peter pan in kensington gardens, 
alice in wonderland, 
mother goose, 
gulliver's travels, 
wind in the willows. 

also twilight of the gods, 
the ring, the wonder book,
goblin market, and others. 

most recent: complete the wonder book.



maxfield parrish

dinky bird, ecstasy, cinderella, and others. maxfield parrish illustrations to poems of childhood and elsewhere. 

most recent: 14 new images images have been added to maxfield parrish. replaced some older poorer quality images with new scans. 
 

fairies and faeries
 fairy art images collections from the illustrations of arthur rackham, gustave dore, edmund dulac, and others.
also: a special collection of rackham fairies only. 
main fairy page (with artist sublinks)

uncataloged fairies



virginia frances sterrett
old french fairy tales, arabian nights, and tanglewood tales.

most recent: the complete color illustrations all her three published books have been added to virginia frances sterrett. 
 

fairy tale art

illustrations to the best loved fairy tales from andersen, perrault, brothers grimm, la fontaine. 


most recent: i am working on this section so you will be able to find images by fairy tale as well as by artist. 



gustave doré

 collections from the raven, the bible, the divine comedy, the rime of the ancient mariner, tennyson's elaine, perrault's fairy tales, paradise list. 

most recent: replaced poor quality ancient mariner images with new scans from the 1876 elephant folio edition and completed the section. replaced the poor quality raven images with new scans from the 1884 edition and completed the section. added cover scan and list of illustrations with the respective engravers. 
 

jessie m. king

 jessie marion king's illustrations illustrations to seven happy days and house of pomegranates coming soon: the rubaiyat and the defence of guinevere. 

most recent: added all the illustrations to a house of pomegranates. 



william morris
 and the preraphaelites

 images of the patterns and artwork of william morris and the preraphaelites. currently working on these pages. 


anne anderson
anne anderson illustrations to old, old fairy tales, grimms fairy tales, hans christian anderson fairy tales.n

most recent: also the wonder book, aladdin, mother goose, heidi and more. parents and teachers are encouraged to download and copy the pages to color.
 

n.c. wyeth illustrations to robinson crusoe

 
the online text of robinson crusoe with illustrations by n.c. wyeth. 


coming soon: the mysterious island by jules verne. 


aubrey beardsley

 images by aubrey beardsley from salomé, the yellow book, le morte d'arthur, and the victorian parodies / erotica. 

most recent: le morte d'arthur images have been added to aubrey beardsley. the images that were causing trouble have moved to their own page. school filter software should block it. 



warwick goble

 il pentermone, book of fairy poetry, myths, goddesses, magical creatures. 

most recent: the complete illustrations to the book of fairy poetry added to warwick goble. 










complete stories
alice in wonderland
fairy tales of oscar wilde
robinson crusoe
the tale of princess tuvstarr and the fish pond
the real princess and the princess and the pea exposed
pages to download and color (for pre-readers)




 pin this page for
 		later



like
 					us on facebook




save
 				to pocket



email
 				yourself this page


pinterest
 						boards


links we like
a couple of these are our sister sites
art passions fairy tale scholarship blog

art of myth and fairy tale

endicott studio


art of narrative


terri windling: myth and moor


center for story and stymbol


journal of mythic arts

sacred texts

open culture

neil gaiman

bumblehill

old book illustrations

art of myth and fairy tale (art prints)

william morris articles at william morris tile

contacting art passions
you can write the webmistress and include your email address and we'll do our best to answer human communications as soon as possible with one exception: "i have an old picture by so-and-so and i want to know what it's worth." i'll ignore those because 1. there are several of those a week, 2. i'm not an appraiser and not qualified to answer, and 3. worth depends on condition. get a referral from a small, local bookstore (if you can find one), or your local college art department. 
you can also use the phone number in the footer to leave a message. that phone number goes to google voicemail except for one hour a day because it has become the internet fairytale library reference desk phone number and rings at all hours of the day and night. sorry about that. leave a message, or use the web form. 

many questions are addressed in the faq. please check the frequently asked questions. if the answer is there, and you send me an email, i'll give you a brief answer and tell you to look there for more discussion. i do get a lot of mail, and i like that. i just don't like typing the same answer over and over. 













art passions • 2850 sw cedar hills blvd, suite 429
  		• beaverton, or •97005 
  		• contact  
  		• 
  	

copyright information: images on this website are believed 
 to be copyright free. my words, however, are not so don't lift
 them and claim them as your own. if you
 believe there is a copyright issue, please see the 
 faq for
 how to proceed. that said, i have spent no small amount
 of money on antique books and done a lot of work
 scanning and cleaning up the art here. some sites, such as 
 wiki art and others 
 have made available much of my work without attribution. 
 that kind of takes the fun out of it. still, you are welcome 
 to use the images for any purpose, including displaying 
 them on your blog or personal website, sharing them on social
 media, creating derivative works, and making their beauty
 available to others. attribution is nice,
 but not required. 
 











