





cleveland-cliffs inc. (clf)





































skip to main content
skip to footer






about
leadership
investors
news
careers
doing business
contact
search






cleveland-cliffs inc.


















home

operations


overview


steelmaking


tooling and stamping


tubular components


stelco




north american steel products




markets




innovation




sustainability


overview


environment


social


governance


steel as a sustainable material


reporting





        about    



        leadership    



        investors    



        news    



        careers    



        doing business    



        contact    



        search    

 


























 












“cleveland-cliffs has proven its commitment to not just preserve, but to grow good middle-class, union manufacturing jobs. we continue to fight for our steel industry, our company, our shareholders, and our workers. as we grow, we retain our strong commitment to maintaining a safe work environment for our 30,000 employees.”
— lourenco goncalves, cleveland-cliffs’ chairman, president, and ceo  










latest news


view news releases
















                                                feb 5, 2025 12:00am est                                            


lourenco goncalves meets with vivek ramaswamy



                                                view news article                                            


















                                                nov 4, 2024 04:05pm est                                            


cleveland-cliffs reports third-quarter 2024 results



                                                view press release                                            


















                                                nov 1, 2024 12:08pm edt                                            


cleveland-cliffs completes acquisition of stelco



                                                view press release                                            









view all news














cleveland-cliffs sets new ghg emissions reduction targets
cleveland-cliffs has set new greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions reduction targets. the company’s prior commitment to reduce absolute scope 1 (direct) and scope 2 (indirect) ghg emissions by 25% by 2030, relative to 2017 levels, has already been successfully achieved well ahead of schedule.
the new goals, as displayed in the adjacent graphic, relative to 2023 levels, are all supported by ongoing and planned technological developments to its ironmaking and steelmaking practices.
read more about these new goals in the company news release. 
                				read company news release            				





























cleveland-cliffs featured in aam's "relighting the flame" documentary
the alliance of american manufacturing (aam), with the support of the united steelworkers, recently produced "relighting the flame," a documentary film highlighting how america's new generation of modern steelworkers are thriving and growing the steel industry in the united states.cleveland-cliffs is featured in the movie, which showcases cliffs employees -- and their families -- from burns harbor, cleveland works, middletown works and the research and innovation center. you can watch the film premiere on aam's youtube page.
watch "relighting the flame" documentary 

























our sustainability report 2023
the cleveland-cliffs sustainability report 2023 covers information and data for calendar year 2023, unless otherwise noted. this report is structured around five sustainability priorities that we believe are important tenets of our company identity, and we take regular action to demonstrate these tenets.
download sustainability report
download sustainability highlights 












cleveland-cliffs reports third-quarter 2024 results 




view news release here











email alerts
stay informed and receive company press releases, sec filings, eod stock charts and notices about future events. 


sign up today













cleveland-cliffs inc.














cleveland-cliffs and cliffs & design are registered trademarks of cleveland-cliffs inc. and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries and affiliates and registered with the u.s. patent and trademark office.                        © 2025
cleveland-cliffs inc.                        all rights reserved.
                    

search product documents
retirees and employee information
ak steel international
privacy policy and ccpa policy
disclaimer
sitemap











                    market data copyright © 2025                    quotemedia. data delayed
                    15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view 
                    delay times for all exchanges).
                    rt=real-time, eod=end of day, 
                    pd=previous day. market data powered by 
                    quotemedia. 
                    terms of use.
                    









