


innerworks publishing




























home
about the authorcontact the authorcoachingtestimonials
9 free e-books to awaken awarenessbook reviews
suzanne speaks
articles to spark the inner journey 
educational newsletters to awaken awareness
current issue
how do you feel?affirmationsself_esteem inventory





menu


about the author
contact the author
9 free e-books to awaken awareness
book reviews
suzanne speaks
articles to spark the inner journey
educational newsletters to awaken awareness
current newsletter
how do you feel?
affirmations
self_esteem inventory








welcome...
					i have created a rich website of services for you and your family in this time of great change. 
					may you find something of value today that takes you further on your journey. 
					you will find ideas to impact your thinking to build self-esteem, improve relationships, 
					and find deeper meaning and purpose for your life.

articles: 
					
painting with a full pallet of color
expand your consciousness to change your life
dealing with dis-ease and physical challenges to live by intention
the collective is made up of every one of us
do you live in an open or closed system?
drawing more good into your life

read more...
 







subscribe to our newsletter


subscribe to the free innerwords newsletter. a newsletter to spark the inner journey. may you find at least one idea that makes your life a little more enlightening today.  by subscribing, you'll also receive a free chapter from, "the harrill solution."

* indicates required
first name 


last name 


email address  *










read the current newsletter here
spring 2022: ways to be of service for the greater good
winter 2021: do you want to phone home like et?
summer 2021: balancing polarities within
past issues



podcast with suzanne


be your true self!

sign up to get a free mp3 download of the live "self esteem -- be your true self seminar".


the acorn analogy

by suzanne e. harrill
deep inside you know how to be you, as
										 an acorn knows how to be a mighty oak.
the acorn does the best it can do
										 at each stage of growth along its life-path.
even if the early start was less than perfect
										 the eager oak accelerates its desire to grow
										 every time that it has nurturing from nature:
										 sunlight, rainwater, and soil nutrients.
you are like the acorn, doing your best under
										 the conditions in which you are growing.
nurture yourself with awareness, acceptance,
										 love, self-respect, and self-esteem,
										 then watch you grow towards
										 your true self!





new book available on amazon
purchase

learn how to use dis-ease and life shocks as catalysts to expand awareness. meet life challenges with practical suggestions that suzanne uses in her own life. undergoing a "dark night of the soul" experience in yourself or a loved one after a crisis is a normal human experience; learn ways to navigate through it. explore ways to communicate with your body. allow your body to be your teacher. whether outer circumstances change, empower yourself to make breakthroughs in understanding, healing, and living your life. 
avanti wellness podcast with suzanne and lydia
endorsements

suzanne harrill is 
								bringing a message to the spiritual growth/personal empowerment community that 
								we have desperately needed. the body is spiritual, too. sharing her own 
								experience of awakening through her personal health and healing journey and 
								bringing a lifetime of study and experience to this work, she has created a 
								guide for us all—deep, enlightening, comforting. this is the book about healing 
								that we have been waiting for.


								rev. michael gott, 
								musician, songwriter, senior minister unity houston

hi suzanne, 
								i'm reading your new ebook, wake up!  your body is telling you something.  
								i just started reading this morning and already i've received so much. i am 
								especially appreciating your appendix about grieving. i feel so supported by 
								your wise, compassionate writing. your book is a treasure!  and it also 
								offers so much support.
with love and warmth, lily revere
 
my name is stephen lamber. i am 71 years old. retired vietnam veteran. married for 46 years with 4 grown children. i am going to try to express my feeling about a book i’ve just read called, wake up. your body is telling you something by suzanne. harrill. after reading the book i waited a few days, put it down, thought about it, and then went back and reread it again. many of my feelings and thoughts i was aware of. but i never really saw them put in print the way she did just starting out in the first chapter, awakening. this is something that i really needed. i had suppressed my thoughts and feelings about vietnam for over 52 years and told my friends and my wife and my children don’t ask. i just would never want to talk about them before now. this book allowed me to (read more)
 
client testimonials





 
 



innerworks publishing
love offerings and tithes appreciated
								 send to seharrill@gmail.com


pageshomeabout the authorarticles
latest newsletterhow do you feel?


							copyright © 2003-2025 innerworks publishing
							





