

map of *nancy*'s site - cybergata central 









cybergata centralon the web since 1994



personal pages

 *nancy*'s home page - all about me! 
   me! me! me! photos of yours truly through the past 40 years.
  jim! jim! jim! photos of my beloved husband.
 

wedding photos

mi familia lópez! photos of my parents, siblings, nieces and nephews.






 genealogy - my new mexico roots, my link to the new england pilgrim settlers,& their link to a web of europe ancestors
including a database of early lópezes of the río abajo, my ancestors with oñate & de vargas,  early settlers of new mexico, founders of santa fé & alburquerque and other genealogical information 

recipes of my childhood, new mexican recipes from  eloisa delgado and my stepmother conchita delgado lópez

 mi familia swetnam photos of my second family, jim's siblings, nieces and newphews

 moosefest & mooseketeers

 photos of seattle taken during our vacation - july 2000 
a slide show of the  
grand canyon made up of photos that jim and i took during our vacation - august 2002 
my  thoughts & links on suvs and global warming 
my peace pages
   cybergata's blog - cats, memes, new mexico  - my blog, just for fun.
   cybergata on tumblr - collection of cool photos found on tumblr
   cybergata on buzzfeed




   links & collections


my
  out of the ordinary links with
link subtopics that include carrying on the '60s,    
my farout funky web graphix, music & blues,  cats, cats & more cats,     cult flix,      mooseketeers & wild web women,       handy, dandy web sites,     web making & java resources     loose links, fun & comix,   and     shop! shop!  plus more graphix and animation. warning - graphix heavy 
my

grateful dead bear collection



new mexico

the ultimate new mexico links 
  and  n.m. license plates from 1920 - today
 indigenous peoples of new mexico links relating the native american peoples in new mexico.
 new mexico postcards - many vintage postcards
 albuquerque and beyond photos photos of the valley, old town, downtown, nob hill area, unm, the unm area, the sandia mountains, and places beyond albuquerque.



cats
 photos of the beloved cats in my life starting with tigre & dulce, tesuque & quatro ,sisters polly & cassy, pojoaque,  sophie's pride and laguna, tiguex & kiwa. 

my cat gif animation sitee with over 50 pages of  animated cats as well as graphic links and links to other animation & graphic sites.
 
cat linx

 kliban cat images

web page helpers & other things i've created to help myself which might be helpful to others
html 
 color codes 

 meta tag maker
 my directions for making a photo cube
my table sampler & tables within tables guide to help you make excellent tables using html.
my farout, funky backgrounds
web links for sites that will help you with your webpage, & well as java help links
cut & paste special characters & alt keystrokes


 search my site adopt me! 
 if you don't live in albuquerque, try finding a pet at either pet harbor or petfinder.





 
 




moon phase info




click for weather forecast



