


st croix villa rentals, oceanfront cane bay vacation home









































































































click the bottle to





contact us!






aerial views st croix







click picture above 
to enlarge it.
**** u.s. citizens
			do not need a passport to travel to st. croix / saint croix!!!
			

it just doesn't 
			get any better than this...anywhere! this very special u.s. virgin islands 
			vacation home rental, is located oceanfront, as close to a beachfront 
			villa as it gets, but with much better views! villa dawn is located 
			on the lush north shore of st. croix...the most beautiful part of the 
			island. this private, secluded and tropically landscaped 1.3 acre st. 
			croix estate comprises a four bedroom, three bath vacation rental with 
			breathtaking views of the caribbean sea and its stunning sunsets. the 
			villa is only steps away from the white sands of cane bay beach and 
			four water-front restaurant and beach bars. in fact, villa dawn is the 
			closest of the caribbean rental villas to gorgeous cane bay beach.
			whether 
			you are a family, couples or singles, young or old, you will love a 
			stay at villa dawn...it is an amazing caribbean villa in an amazing 
			location on the island!




"the location of the villa 
			is unbelievable...the sights and sounds
			of the caribbean sea are awesome."
ralph p, augusta, 
			maine (read 
			more guest comments)
the views from inside 
			this extraordinary st. croix vacation home, from the front veranda, 
			and from the pool deck are simply spectacular! the large pool has four 
			barstools in the water where you can sit and enjoy the view and has 
			a fountain that flows into the pool. this vacation home rental has central 
			air conditioning and is outfitted with lovely tropical furnishings and 
			every conceivable amenity. there is world class scuba diving at the 
			"cane bay wall", which is located right in front of villa dawn, and 
			there are many nearby attractions including a championship golf course 
			that is just a 10 minute drive from this wonderful vacation home. why 
			choose ordinary hotel accommodations and lodgings when you can have 
			your own private resort? our st. croix vacation rentals should be your 
			first choice!



complimentary 

wifi 
internet connection!

our st. croix vacation rentals 
			are literally just steps from the beach. while many owners advertise 
			"walk to the beach", they are in reality a "hike to the beach". not 
			at villa dawn! our exclusive and private property goes all the way down 
			to the small coast road, and just across the road is fabulous cane bay 
			beach! villa dawn has unobstructed views of cane bay, the caribbean 
			sea, st. thomas and the surrounding lush mountains from the large front 
			veranda as well as from most of the 1.3 acres that make up this st. 
			croix, usvi island paradise. lounge in one of two hammocks and listen 
			to the soothing sounds of the caribbean waves, while gentle island breezes 
			caress you. take a dip in the pool... it's spectacular. enjoy the fountain 
			with a waterfall that overflows into the pool. bask under the st croix 
			sun on the 1500 sq. ft. of tiled deck, or sit on one of the four in-water 
			barstools while you watch the stunning sunsets...watching for the elusive 
			"green flash" and marvel at the star filled skies over the caribbean 
			sea....yes...you are in paradise!

"we enjoyed our stay at 
			villa dawn so much...st. croix has made every other vacation we've ever 
			taken pale in comparison."
amy s.
(read 
			more guest comments)



three of the four bedrooms, 
			and two of the three bathrooms, are located on the upper level of the 
			villa. the upper level's large gourmet kitchen, complete with granite 
			counter tops and travertine backsplashes, and the comfortable living 
			room, both have magnificent views of the caribbean sea from the villa's 
			"wall of windows". the air-conditioned and private lower level of the 
			house is fully equipped with one bedroom, a living room, a kitchen and 
			a bath. the lower level also has a "wall of windows" that offer spectacular 
			views from all of the rooms. both levels are equipped with digital cable 
			tv, dvd/vcr and complete am/fm/cd stereo systems. no amenities have 
			been overlooked at this beautiful retreat. duty free shopping and fine 
			dining is just a 25 minute drive to either frederiksted or christiansted. 
			for your privacy, we will only rent the villa to one group at a time. 
			we are available 24/7 for any needs. don't miss out on this vacation 
			rental by owner! you will absolutely love our st. croix villa and condo.







"a vacation at 
			villa dawn is...a stay in paradise!"



be sure to also visit our st croix caribbean 
			condo...





			caribbean condo rental
for more 
			information give us a call or 


email 
			us!
kent 
			vreeland and dawn kimmell
			1-303-888-7288 (kent)
			1-303-888-6899 (dawn)














pictures - villa




rates and amenities




special rates




guest comments 
						& reviews


 




 contact 
						us




our st. croix 
						rental properties




privacy




about us


 






about st. croix




beaches




car rental agencies




casino


 






daytrips / island 
						hopping




dining / restaurants





eco tourism




entertainment




events






golf info




horseback riding





st croix information





information - more!





st croix 

map







massage / spa




more st croix information




pictures - st. croix




places to see




real estate






scuba diving 
						info




shopping




transportation




triathlon




u.s.v.i. info




 




watersports 
						/ sports




weather




wedding info


 








we are proud members of the...




website design 
						and maintenance by kvdv marketing 1999 - 2024© all rights 
						reserved.
						all website contents, including pictures, are the sole property 
						of villa dawn. please contact our webmaster with any errors 
						by clicking
						here.
						thank 
						you!










