










san juan island kayak tours | outdoor odysseys kayak tours






















































 click to call
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerfacebook
instagram
trip advisor
yelp
explore the san juan islands
prepare for your kayak tour
blog
outdoor odysseys kayak tourssea kayak tours

all sea kayak tours
day/night tours
multi-day tours
specialty tours
custom & private tours
rei adventures inspired  3-day stuart island trip


about us

about outdoor odysseys
giving back
careers
our guides
food & amenities
reviews & press
cancellation policy


explore the san juan islands
prepare for your kayak tour
contact us
blog
book now



san juan islands kayaking tours
your next adventure awaits





since 1987, sharing unforgettable adventures on the water and under the stars
outdoor odysseys is a locally owned and operated kayak touring company based in the beautiful san juan islands of washington. our trips offer you the opportunity to travel with passionate, expert guides while experiencing wildlife from orcas, seals, eagles, and so much more. we offer some of the best customer service in the industry to ensure you have an unforgettable experience on your next adventure in the san juan islands. whether you’re looking for a family kayak tour, the possibility of kayaking with orcas, or just looking to explore the san juan islands on a half day kayaking tour, you’re in for one of the most unique trips in the pacific northwest. learn more about outdoor odysseys’ mission and our incredible staff. we look forward to having you join us on one of our san juan island kayak tours!


what sets outdoor odysseys apart

our guides




food & amenities




giving back







kayak tours

day tours


full day san juan island kayak tour with lunchdetails

half day griffin bay kayaking tourdetails

bioluminescence and sunset kayaking tourdetails

multi-day tours


stuart island kayak and camping tourdetails

san juan channel kayak camping tourdetails

jones and stuart islands kayak camping tourdetails

specialty tours



meditation kayak and camping tour
3 day tourmeditation kayak and camping tourdetails


fireworks and bioluminescence kayak tour
3 hoursfireworks and bioluminescence kayak tourdetails


watercolor and kayaking in the san juan islands
4 dayswatercolor and kayaking in the san juan islandsdetails


yoga & kayak camping tour
3 daysyoga & kayak camping tourdetails


san juan islands craft beer & kayak camping tour
3 dayssan juan islands craft beer & kayak camping tourdetails


wine tasting & kayak camping tour
3 dayswine tasting & kayak camping tourdetails


planning a group trip?
learn more about our custom and family kayaking tours

see all tours


the oo crew couldn't have been more professional and prepared from the moment they picked us up at friday harbor through the launch and landing. it was beyond expectations and worth every penny.brianif you’re looking for a fun and unforgettable kayak trip in the san juan islands, i highly recommend outdoor odyssey. our 3-day trip was superb.shellyi am not usually someone to pay for a guided tour, but this was absolutely worth it and a huge highlight during our time in the san juan islands. our guide was awesome. we were a group kids, teens and adults (two families). we learned a lot about the island, and had a ball along the coast for our 7 mile day trip.seth kthe food was excellent. organic as much as possible, fresh as much as possible, well prepared, and plenty of it.timthis trip was one i will never forget. outdoor odysseys does such a great job on these kayak trips. our guides were wonderful. the food was beyond belief...for anywhere, not just a kayaking trip.djwthis company has been around for a long time. they know how to treat people.cocoa




			reviews and press
		





read reviews





“to try for an eye-level orca sighting, outdoor odysseys is genuinely one of the greatest beginner’s kayaking experiences you’ll find anywhere...”

full article







read reviews





outside magazine chose outdoor odysseys as one of its “10 favorite liquid adventures in the united states.”

full article








give the gift of adventure!from single day trips to multi-day tours, a gift certificate for an outdoor odysseys adventure is the perfect present. no previous kayaking experience is necessary.
buy now




footerexplore the san juan islands
orca whales & wildlife
lodging & dining
island activities

prepare for your trip
giving back
travel to san juan island
packing for your kayaking tour
kayaking faqs
general trip faqs


outdoor odysseys sea kayaking
86 cedar street
friday harbor, wa 98250


360-378-3533
paddle@outdoorodysseys.com


privacy policy
digital gift cards
subscribe to our newsletter

© 2025 outdoor odysseys. all rights reserved. 



×
choose your sea kayak tour







i need more info!
create a custom trip

























