





















luxury cabin rentals in hocking hills | cherry ridge retreat










































 book now
buy gift certificates


 cabin search






 cabin search














                        our cabins
                    

our cabins
ravine's edge
the observatory
oak ridge
whispering pines
still waters
water's edge
the boat house
the lake house
pet friendly cabins




                        events & packages
                    

elopement & vow renewal
group retreats




                        enhancements
                    

spa services
extras
food & dining




                        about
                    

why stay with us?
sustainability
specials
our history
reviews




                        resources
                    

contact us
hocking hills
blog
trail map
faq's
employment



gallery



book a cabin

                   buy gift certificates











      your browser does not support the video tag.
    





luxury cabins
in the heart of hocking hills, ohio.




 cabin search
              











    welcome to cherry ridge retreat


    our eight luxury cabins on 148-secluded acres feature privacy, a spa-like atmosphere, and spectacular views. leave the ordinary, find your extraordinary at cherry ridge retreat.

    browse our luxury cabins below.










the boat house
water’s edge
still waters
whispering pines
oak ridge
the observatory
ravine’s edge
the lake house












the boat house
two beds  |  perfect for family or couples getaways.
learn more about the boat house














water’s edge
two bedrooms  |  perfect for family or couples getaways.
learn more about water’s edge














still waters
two bedrooms | perfect for family or couples getaways.
learn more about still waters














whispering pines
two bedrooms | perfect for romantic getaways
learn more about whispering pines














oak ridge
one bedroom  | perfect for romantic getaways
learn more about oak ridge














the observatory
one bedroom  | perfect for romantic getaways
learn more about the observatory














ravine’s edge
one bedroom | perfect for romantic getaways
learn more about ravine’s edge














the lake house
four bedrooms  |  perfect for large families and groups
learn more about the lake house







previous



next











 
 
 
 






    for the ultimate experience in relaxation and luxury, think cherry ridge retreat.


    cherry ridge retreat of hocking hills is conveniently located within miles of some of the area's most "must-see" attractions, including old man’s cave, cedar falls, and conkel’s hollow. our eight luxury cabins are ideal for romantic weekend getaways, family outings, or group retreats. all are situated nearly a mile from the road and nestled in 140+ acres of private forested land. miles of groomed trails, several fishing ponds, and stunning waterside gazebos offer  guests special areas to relax in a beautiful setting.


    at cherry ridge retreat, each cabin is situated on its own private site ensuring perfect views and absolute privacy.









we've won another award!


    adding to our impressive list of awards and recognitions, cherry ridge retreat has earned the 2024 select registry best craft lodging award for our region. this award is presented to a select registry property that defines excellence in craft lodging in a particular region.


    if you are looking for award winning hospitality and lodging in hocking hills ohio, look no farther than cherry ridge retreat!






 
 
 
 










our guests love cherry ridge retreat













                        my husband and i stayed at the observatory to celebrate my birthday and have some time away from the kids. we had the best time! the amenities were… more
~ ap




















                        (our elopement) …was absolutely perfect! we loved our ceremony and all the things you shared. it was beautiful and really spoke to who we are as a… more
~ r&s




















                        winter is a beautiful time to visit cherry ridge retreat! this is my fourth time visiting crr, but my first with kids. the lake house was perfect for… more
~ el




















                        this trip we stayed in still waters cabin and the views on this property were absolutely gorgeous. it is slightly elevated and when in the hot tub… more
~ patricia




















                        cherry ridge retreat ravine's edge oh my goodness gracious! mouth drop mic drop place! wow, wow! wow! the unexpected beauty of your place is… more
~ jen






















my husband and i stayed at the observatory to celebrate my birthday and have some time away from the kids. we had the best time! the amenities were amazing, loved the towel warmer!
~ ap











(our elopement) …was absolutely perfect! we loved our ceremony and all the things you shared. it was beautiful and really spoke to who we are as a couple. we can’t wait to come back and spend more time there.
~ r&s











winter is a beautiful time to visit cherry ridge retreat! this is my fourth time visiting crr, but my first with kids. the lake house was perfect for our multi-generational group, with something for everyone.
~ el











this trip we stayed in still waters cabin and the views on this property were absolutely gorgeous. it is slightly elevated and when in the hot tub it’s snowing and absolutely magical! the owners of this property are amazing and have every detail so well thought out. the cabins are all so amazing. we’ve stayed in whispering pines and the boat house previously. all have their unique surprises. we’ve never gone at this time of year but will definitely do it again. thank you so much cherry ridge retreat!!
~ patricia











cherry ridge retreat ravine's edge oh my goodness gracious! mouth drop mic drop place! wow, wow! wow! the unexpected beauty of your place is absolutely breathtaking. i have seen it in pictures; and had no idea what to expect. you have exceeded our expectations. your place is just exquisite & remarkable. i can't say enough good things about your place. the check in was easy. the staff were absolutely kind, sweet & absolutely helpful! love raya & nathan. we wished we could of stayed longer. the cabin is just beautiful. the bedroom, the shower oh my gosh! there is no other place that we have stayed at that makes your jaw drop when you see this place! the fireplaces, the way the property is laid out, the thoughtful amenities, the little helpful cards everywhere telling you where everything works. everything is so very awesome. the way the cabin is decorated is just gorgeous!. the dishes, the appliances, the towel warmer, you thought of everything for this cabin. we will definitely be back. we just love it here. we had some snow show up unexpectedly; and that made it that more better. the property views just make your heart melt. great job everyone! we can't wait until we get back!
~ jen











 
 
 
 






    in-cabin massage & spa services


    at cherry ridge retreat, luxury and relaxation are paramount. we offer premium services to pamper our guests and create an environment you won't find anywhere else in  hocking hills. enjoy in-cabin massages, a cold-plunge pool at the observatory, hot tubs, saunas, and more. our amenities will make you feel like royalty. schedule an in-cabin chef, charcuterie boards, or any of our additional add-ons and experience a getaway unlike any other.


in-cabin spa services



















news & updates





 
 


escape the winter blahs 






 
 


what to do in hocking hills on a rainy day: top indoor activities






 
 


why you should bring your furry friend to the hocking hills!










sign up for our email list
be informed of our last minute discounts and be the first to know about cherry ridge retreat updates!

sign up for our email list here!















escape the everyday & find your extraordinary in the hocking hills

check rates/availability












luxury cabin rentals in hocking hills






contact

cherry ridge retreat
                    22097 cherry ridge road
new plymouth ohio 45654
                
 740-380-7777
 email us


connect with us












quick links

home
our cabins
events & packages
enhancements
about
resources
gallery



join our mailing list
sign up now!
site search






















sitemap.xml
sitemap.html
privacy policy
rental policies
contest rules
employment






























                © 2025 luxury cabin rentals in hocking hills | cherry ridge retreat.
                
                
                    see offer
                  








cherry ridge retreat cabin finder










                                  cabin finder
                                
















show all



2 adults



2 adults 2 kids



up to 8 people



pet friendly



hot tub



pool



sauna



gas fireplace



indoor wood fireplace



outdoor wood fireplace



forest view



lake view































