


home – rocky mountain hockey schools

















































































                            about us                                                            


our staff
gallery
videos
sponsors & partners



2025 program locations



                            camp & clinic info                                                            


staff information 
registration information 
camp focuses
camp format
bring rmhs to you
year round clinics
coaches corner




                            adventure camp & elite camp                                                            


rocky mountain adventure hockey camp (rmahc)
rmahc camp info
rmhs selects elite camp 
elite camp on-ice 
elite camp off-ice training
elite camp day camper
elite camp resident camper info
elite camp registration info




                            european tours                                                            


finland lions cup - boys tour
registration process








 








rocky mountain adventure hockey camp
june 29 - july 5 , 2025 steamboat springs, colorado day  hockey only and day adventure camper options available 

learn more











rmhs selects finland lions cup tour
4 day training camp followed by competing in the finland lions cup

learn more











rmhs selects elite camp
university of denver july 6-12,  2011-2014 birth years aa & aaa players

learn more











rmhs skill camps
rmhs skill development camps 8 amazing mountain town locations the perfect hockey family vacation

learn more




























2025 rmhs programs







rmhs littleton co defenseman/goaltending camp








2025 grand junction spring skills clinic








rmhs littleton co mite super camp





view all camps











rmhs the skill development specialist 
rocky mountain hockey schools provides the finest player development, training and exposure opportunities for students of all ages and skill levels.


learn more 








photo galleries





2019 rmhs spring program





rmhs missoula ice hockey camp





2019 rmhs skill clinics









testimonials




as a hockey dad and coach, rmhs provides me, my family, and all our association's skaters an extraordinary opportunity. year after year rmhs not only provides significant development and growth for the player but rmhs itself just keeps getting better. wehn program models for others by expanding its own developmental capability you at some point must realize that this is were a player needs to be! we could do it with out rmhs!!!
joel griffith, coaching director, salmon hockey





	i have always been impressed with rmhs and coach smitty. we’ve had a great experience in the multiple events we’ve done over the years, so i was not surprised when the european tour exceeded my expectations.  the trip was extremely organized from start to finish with tour buses for travel and seamless hotel check-ins.  but it is not just another hockey vacation.  the players are there to work and train, and the parents get to experience finland.  there were ample opportunities for guided sightseeing, activities, and relaxation; we even organized nightly saunas with a lake cold plunge.  

coach smitty has a knack for putting together players and families that gel; it is a memorable experience.  our team still has an active team chat and gets together as much as possible.  our family hosted two other families we met on this trip over christmas, while five players participated in a tournament! i honestly couldn’t tell you who had more fun, the adults or the players!  seeing the connect
jessica crowe, mother of keeghan crowe, the wichendon school





i just wanted to send a quick note to say thank you for a great week of 8u hockey.  jp had a blast and said, "this was the best week ever".  he learned so much from his skill development and creating leadership attributes that will be sure to serve him well in all of his future endeavors.  we have never seen him so motivated to continue playing hockey.  after two days of 6 hours of on and off-ice hockey lessons, he came home and created his obstacle course to stick handle through.  we don't push it and let him lead his way, but he was inspired after this week. he even made all of the neighborhood children play a game of army/navy (imagine children running from fence to fence as he yells, "army, navy, and hit the deck").  so again, thank you for a great week of hockey and for developing our players on and off the ice!  
 
megan
 
megan cartwright ma-ecse
the rise school of denver
director of education and inclusion
megan cartwright





i found that each camp was helpful based on camp focus because of the variety of things each camp has to offer. it is a lot of fun attending new camps because i always know that i will leave the camp with more knowledge and skill than when i showed up.

ryan larese rmhs camper





rmhs was a camp i always looked forward to in the summer. rmhs taught me a lot about the fundamentals of hockey that i still use in my game today. i would not be the player i am today without the help from the rmhs staff from back when i was young. they emphasize a learning environment that is conducive to both getting better and having fun. 
bo hanson, rmhs staff member, rmhs former student, university of denver, player




" bryan, i wanted to reach out to thank you for the program you put together.  bradley and i recently returned from breckenridge and cannot say enough good things about the program.  from the attention to detail by the coaches to the experience with the other children, the facility, and the overall program you guys assembled.  bradley had his first game upon returning and its clear his confidence on the ice, and in the game improved measurably.  not only is bradley faster, more agile on the ice, his perspective of the game and play improved.  i notice it and he notices it.  while florida to breckenridge is a hike uphill, i can’t imagine we won’t be making the trip again next summer."

thanks to you and your crew for the work put into making it a success. 

brian berg, hockey parent
brian berg, hockey dad





bryan, 
you've personally coached blake. i have to say i've never disagreed with any evaluation from rmhs. we come from a small market. there have been times through blakes's playing career that he's had more knowledge than his coach about proper technique and the game itself. he's 13. that's unfortunate. i never played hockey. i don't pretend to, either. i've never tried to coach my boy in the sport. i learned the sport by watching 5-year-olds play. i see my boy's passion for the sport, so i try to provide the best for him. hockey is my favorite sport now. blake has come a long way. being from a small market, he definitely has bad habits. some he's developed, and some he was taught. what he does have, however, is what can't be taught. he has the will. he has the desire. he spends more time at the rink in the offseason than any kid in town. he's hungry. he works. after your blbs camp, we came home for team wyoming tryouts the following weekend. blake made team wyoming and received an 
phil monroe, hockey dad










rmhs partners





















































































explore all rmhs camps





rmhs littleton co defenseman/goaltending camp





2025 grand junction spring skills clinic





rmhs littleton co mite super camp





rmhs littleton co summer hockey camp





rmhs flagstaff az summer hockey camp 





rmhs breckenridge co summer hockey camp








contact rmhs

contact us 














 


quick links

home
about us
gallery
rmhs videos
sponsors & partners
links
rmhs testimonials
faq
contact us



contact info

rocky mountain hockey schools 6623 s. ward street littleton co 80127
 (303) 409-2113
email rocky mountain hockey schools

























