





mothering artwork, goddess sculpture, spiritual gifts from bell pine art farm

































 















-5% off most sculptures with code: earth art-free domestic shipping when your total reaches $90



account login | create an account | wish lists | 
  			 
  				contact us | 5418952132


















0  item(s) in your  -$0.00






search
















toggle navigation


menu


log in





search



0 
cart





homeall designscategoriessisterscronesdrumming stylesmaiden, mother, croneall about loveanimal spirit helpersbrain healthfeminine energy balancingmothers and grandmothersprayers for the earthself loveart for challenging timestools for ceremonybirth ~ rebirthitems that ship for freewater blessingslgbtqwellnessfamiliesbowlsessential oil diffusersornamentsconnecting to spiritdivine masculinecycles - becomingdepartures and transitionsdivine imperfections✨studio secondsmoonmothers®vintage goddessgalleryabout usshared storiesreviews











search



















bell pine art farm has been creating  handmade clay goddess figurines since 1986 .handmade clay goddess figurines since 1986









"just for a moment, let there be nothing to do...""just for a moment, let there be nothing to do..."









"the river can hear you say thank you, i love you.""the river can hear you say thank you, i love you."









"protector of wild animals, artemis sleeps with wolf mother."artemis sleeps with wolf mother.









intricate designs are made with many small tools.intricate designs made with small tools.









"the seeds of peace are planted in the hearts of family""the seeds of peace are planted in the hearts of family"









"when we put our hearts together with common intention, miracles happen.""when we put our hearts together miracles happen."









tools for ceremony.nothing toxic or harmful is used.









"when mothers are cared for, everyone benefits."
"when mothers are cared for, the universe benefits."









our sculptures are collected by people all over the world. we can ship anywhere.
we can ship anywhere in the world.




 
 











sisters 












drumming styles 
each figurine embodies the ancient wisdom of drumming as a sacred practice.












vintage goddessgallery 
exquisite and rare pieces from our beginnings in the 80s.












animal spirit helpers 
these sculptures blend images from dreams, nature, and mythology to support our journeys and amplify intentions. 












prayers for the earth 
remembering we are the earth.












water blessings 












wellness 












essential oil diffusers 


















						newsletter sign up
					
healing message portal: for those of us using less social media, this is a great way to stay connected. when you sign up here i'll send you images of bell pine art farm art and with its encouraging messages and stories. i'll let you know about special offers and ordering tips.you can also email me here to say hi. your information will never be shared or sold. ~debbie







moonmothers®
about us
resources

cycle chart
links

customer service

shipping and returns
faqs

shipping and returns
faqs
contact us
messages from bell pine art farm




   82535 weiss road, creswell oregon, usa 97426
   5418952132   5412558512
   email us





  © copyright 2025 bell pine art farm, llc. all rights reserved. | responsive website design by heroweb | search engine friendly shopping cart powered by mightymerchant








 

 
 
 
















