




knight furniture & mattress | sherman, gainesville, denison, texoma, and cooke county, tx


























skip to main content




















search























                        location_on
                    


come say hello!


sherman, tx


gainesville, tx


sherman, tx - outlet


denison, tx



view all





account_circle




cart


0








cart


0






search





search
















locations


sign in






















































shop forliving roomshop byroomshop fordining roomshop forhome officeshop forbedroomshop formattressfinancing options to help you build your dream home!shop la-z-boycomfortable and stylish recliners, sofas, and much to transfer your house into a home.  sit and visit in comfort when friends and family are over.  wanting to watch the big game? la-z-boy has got you covered.  shop la-z-boytexoma award winnerknight furniture and mattress is proud to have be voted best of texoma for the past 15+ years. we are honored to have been voted best of texoma in furniture retailer and best of texoma in mattress retailer by our community. for the past 2 years we have been a finalist for the best downtown sherman business as well. we love working with the people of texoma and are thankful for letting us make your house a home.we pride ourselves on excellent servicewhen you buy our furniture, you also get our commitment to service. experience the best, every step of the way.delivery & setupour professionally trained delivery team will ensure a quick and safe delivery on your purchase. free setup included!haul awaywe can remove your old furniture or mattress from your home when a replacement product is delivered to you.extended warrantiesyou can't put a price on peace of mind. our protection plans can prove invaluable if something happens to your furniture.learn more about services you can depend on >shop with confidencethere’s a reason why knight furniture & mattress has been serving this area since 1912 — it’s customer satisfaction. the moment you step into our store, our committed staff is ready to provide knowledgeable support. our goal has been to deliver the best brands at the best possible price, while delivering outstanding, friendly, customer service. we will work with you to find a product that fits your needs, budget and lifestyle. not to mention, you’ll be supporting the local community!stay connected with us!see what our customers are saying."we visited several stores and had previous experiences with knight and gave them last look at what we were looking for. they helped us finalize the color we wanted, discuss size, and were very helpful in making the final decision. we received the furniture before the expected delivery date, the delivery team was very friendly and assisted in moving our the old furniture. i could not ask for better service."jim r."i will always be a knight furniture customer! there are so many options for mattress and furniture stores but they really are the best choice. aside from amazing customer service, the quality of their furniture is second to none. my mattress is so comfy and i love my new couch! they have a huge selection in store but i'm super picky i was able to build a perfect custom couch that was exactly what i was looking for at a very reasonable price!! i will never shop elsewhere; i was able to get everything i needed to make my new house a home!"ronnie p."my wife and i are first time customers of knight furniture here in sherman texas. we are so pleased with our whole experience from our first meeting with our salesman to our final interaction with the very nice delivery men. the quality of our sofas is outstanding. we were very impressed the the way all the staff at knight furniture treated us. they were all very kind and they went out of their way to help us even after we changed our minds several times about the sofas we'd purchase. i know we'll be back for any future home furnishing needs."thomas h.







 













don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?














knight furniture & mattress features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. knight furniture & mattress offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the sherman, gainesville, denison, texoma, and cooke county, tx area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























