







st. jude’s ranch for children, nevada – transforming the lives of abused and at-risk children, young adults and families by empowering them to create new chances, new choices and new hope in a caring community



















































































































facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagram 


home
about us

our programs

therapeutic residential foster care
transitional living
pregnant and parenting teen
sibling preservation
housing & support services
career opportunity scholarship fund


our team
thrift store
chapel

memorial paver stones
stations of the cross


blog
gallery


healing center
events
careers
donate

donate now
red heart giving society
sponsor
recycled card program
donation center

wish list


financials







menu



 







we are 
st. jude’s ranch
hope
love
family

st. jude’s ranch for children, nevadatransforming the lives of abused and at-risk children, young adults and families by empowering them to create new chances, new choices and new hope in a caring community.

donate now



healing center
providing a safe and supportive place for child victims of sex trafficking to heal.

learn more






about st jude’s ranch for children
our vision is to break the cycle of abuse and neglect by mending spirits and renewing hope.
st. jude’s ranch for children wasn’t a place so much as a dream in the mind of one well-meaning man. ”what if we could build a place for neglected children?” he wondered. “how much good could we do?”
a lot! for over 55 years, st. jude’s ranch has provided a safe, nurturing home with therapeutic residential treatment services to thousands of abused and neglected children in nevada. st. jude’s ranch has made and continues to make a difference by creating new lives with new hope for these children.

about us
events
join our monthly giving program
st. jude’s ranch for children’s red heart giving society is a monthly giving program that allows you to give an amount of your choosing each month to support the children, young adults and families we serve.
during these times of uncertainty, we are especially grateful for any form of donation! for as little as $10 a month, join the red heart giving society to support our work of hope & healing on a monthly basis!

join now
impact




stories that matter
destany williams







follow us on social media
 follow on instagram
 follow on facebook
 follow on twitter
subscribe to our youtube
   

work with us want to make a difference in southern nevada?
view careers at sjrc

contact us 702.294.7100
info@stjudesranch.org
200 wilson circle
boulder city, nv 89005
office hours:
monday-friday 8am-4pm

make a donation please mail your check donations to:
st. jude’s ranch for children
200 wilson circle
boulder city, nv 89005

home
about us
events
donate
red heart giving society
get involved
thrift store
healing center






© 2019 st. jude's ranch for children | all rights reserved | web development by once interactive






scroll to top















































