


connecticut japan karate association and uconn jka








shotokan karate-do international
japan karate association connecticut





what's new?
skdi winter training camp
uconn husky cup competition results
training schedule
events
kyu & dan exam results
visit us onfacebook!


the
university of connecticut
japan karate association
the uconn jka is 
dedicated to the study and teaching of traditional shotokan karate-do. 
our chief instructor, robert jacobs (7th dan), is one of the highest
 ranking jka instructors in the country. the uconn jka is affiliated with
 shotokan karate-do international (skdi), which is
headquartered in new york city under the direction of
master shu takahashi, 7th dan.  the uconn karate club
was founded in 1972 and is a member of the connecticut japan karate association.  our classes are open to everyone - men, women children of all ages! beginners 
as well as experienced martial artists welcome!






trainingat uconn
brief historyof karate

the japan karateassociation
the dojo kun

about theinstructors
photos ofinstructors

directionsto dojo
contact us

faqs

photo album

uconn jkamembership roster
viewkata videos

funakoshi'stwenty precepts

shotokan karate-dointernational dojos




training at uconn	
beginner and advanced classes for men, women and children are
held at hawley armory(near the library at the center of the uconn campus in 
storrs/mansfield, connecticut). community members and visitors are welcome to come train with us or observe classes.
 
our spring training schedule is:

location
monday
tuesday
wednesday
thursday
friday
sunday
hawley armory gym
-
-
7:00-8:45pm
-
7:00-8:45pm
-
hawley armory mat room
-
-
-
-
-
7:00-8:45pm
zoom online classes
-
-
-
-
-
10:00-11:30am


if you are interested in attending the zoom classes, please contact us at 
uconnjka@gmail.com.

karate-do  
(the "empty hands way")

the "kara" of karate means "to render oneself empty".  master 
gichin funakoshi, the "father of japanese karate", wrote, "the student of
 karate-do must render his mind empty of selfishness and wickedness
in an effort to react appropriately toward anything he may
encounter".  karate's roots go back to the shao lin and other
ancient fighting arts of china, where physical training methods
were used to build the endurance and strength required to carry out
the rigid discipline of the religion.  these arts eventually spread
to okinawa and then to japan where karate was refined into its
present-day form.  in 1955, the japan karate association (jka) was
established with master funakoshi as chief instructor. the jka
trained and sent instructors throughout the world, which
is one the the primary reasons karate is as well known and popular as 
 it is today.
master gichin funakoshi

as a form of physical exercise, karate is almost without
equal.  utilizing all parts of the body, karate training increases
the strength, speed, stamina, coordination, reflexes, and balance of the
karateka (student of karate).  it is the ultimate art of
unarmed self-defense.  like knowing how to swim, you always have it
with you.  however, master funakoshi saw karate not only as a means
of conditioning or self-defense, but also as a way to build
character and mental discipline.  the karateka is taught not only
the physical techniques, but also how to use his skills with wisdom
and discretion.  among the many mental benefits of karate training
are improved self-awareness, confidence, discipline and emotional
control.

the japan karate association
and the uconn jka

with millions of members in over 200 countries, the japan karate association  
 (jka) is the largest martial arts school in the world.  
the jka teaches karate in the traditional japanese way, emphasizing
 strong stances and powerful basic technique as well as mastery of kata
(form) and kumite (sparring). in the united states, 
the jka has a main school in each region which trains instructors and ensures the
maintenance of high standards in all of the jka branch schools. 
shotokan karate-do international, which is based in new
york city, is headquarters for all jka schools in the region.  the skdi was founded in 1968
by   master masataka mori, 9th dan (1932-2018).  the uconn jka is dedicated to the continuation of traditional
karate-do as a physical and mental discipline designed to improve
the overall quality of the student's life.
master masataka mori

the dojo kun ("school code")

the dojo kun (in brown type below) is recited at each practice
(the black type is a more literal translation of the original japanese).
 it serves to remind students that karate-do is not just about training the
 body, but also about perfecting character and attitude.  it also reminds
 students that the physical and mental strength learned through karate must
 be accompanied by a moral code of respect and restraint.

seek perfection of character
strive for completion of character
be faithful
defend the path of truth
endeavor
foster the spirit of effort
respect others
respect the principles of etiquette
refrain from violent behavior
guard against impetuous courage
see also sensei funakoshi's twenty precepts
(the niju kun)
and more on funakoshi's ideas on how to practice karate from the
jka boston webpage . . .



uconn jka 
instructors:
our chief instructor, sensei 
robert jacobs (7th dan), is one of the highest ranking jka instructors in the country.
 jacobs began his karate training
at uconn in 1973 and became its instructor in 1976. he is a certified "a" class jka international
instructor. jacobs is twice (1979 & 83) shotokan karate-do america 
mens kumite (sparring) champion.  in national
championships (aakf) he has competed on many teams with 1st place 
wins in kumite (1985) and kata (1990 & 1991).  
he also competed in two world
championships (jka shoto cup, tokyo 1992 and itkf world championships, 
montreal 1993).  he now judges in
national and world competitions (including world shoto cup championships in philadelphia 1994, osaka 1996, 
paris 1998, sydney 2006, pattaya 2011 and takasaki 2024).

jacobs continues to teach karate-do in the strict, traditional fashion -
emphasizing that the development of spirit and character are as
important as that of technique. in his over 45 years of teaching at uconn,
more than 180 of his students have attained
the rank of shodan (1st degree black belt) or above.

our assistant chief instructor is mike jacobs (5th dan). he began his karate training at uconn
in 1990 and is now a certified "a" class jka instructor. mike has placed first 13 times in kumite and 4 times in kata 
among shotokan karate-do international championships, and has won the "outstanding competitor" award for best combined kumite and 
kata performance 10 times. 

in addition to our full time instructors, the uconn jka has produced many alumni who have acheived jka instructor status 
(see membership  roster for full list), many of whom now teach at other jka schools. 
 among those who visit uconn regularly and occasionally instruct here are andrew bakoledis (5th dan, 
chief instructor jka montville), abby barrera (4th dan, asst. instructor jka montville), maura graham-vecellio (4th dan, chief instructor jka wallingford),
and mark rollins, (3rd dan, asst. instructor karate spirit).
 all are veterans of regional and international competition and bring a rich diversity of teaching experience to uconn. 

instructors andrew bakoledis, mike jacobs and alumni joe vincente were on the u.s. kata team that made the finals (top 8) at the
2011 jka world shoto cup championships (pattaya, thailand). see youtube videos of the team here: 
semi-finals - kanku sho and 
finals - meikyo).	


how to reach us
e-mail us at uconnjka@gmail.com
or click here to see all jka connecticut dojo listings.


