





a caring home for children | the masonic home of georgia























 
 
 




about us

who we are
history
daily living
endowment
photo galleries



child placement


upcoming events

all home events
5k road & trail run
charity golf tournament



job opportunities


alumni


contact us


give!



contact information

                phone: (478) 743-5154
                masonic home of georgia
                1417 nottingham dr. macon, ga 31211
click here for directions »





donate!








living the legacy
make a donation & make a difference in the heart of someone special!
make a donation






our mission
we work to improve the lives of at-risk children and young adults from all walks of life.
helping communities by helping children
we have successfully helped thousands of children move beyond living circumstances to become positive, contributing members of their communities. we provide food, clothing, shelter, education and scholarships to assist families of every creed, race and religion, without discrimination. we conduct our work with compassion, dignity and excellence.





















announcing the 2nd annual masonic home camp charity golf tournament!
join us on the beautiful georgia coast for a day of sunshine, golf, friends and fun! the golf tournament fundraising event will take place in at shellman's bluff, ga at sapelo hammock golf club.
learn more »
































a caring space for families in need
the masonic home of georgia is a basic residential childcare facility located in macon, ga.
we provide the opportunity for a parent or legal guardian that is struggling to give their child the opportunity for their dreams to become reality. the children that have participated in our program are given the structure to grow physically, mentally and spiritually so they can go onto lead fulfilling lives.
learn more »






























the 2nd annual 5k road & trail run!
register now for the 5k road & trail run for the kids!
people of all ages, shapes and sizes are invited to join us for a beautiful spring morning run through our campus in macon, ga.
featuring a tot-trot for the youngest runners and a virtual 5k option for anyone who wants to support, but might not be able to make it in person.
learn more »


















a rich history of success
helping children since 1905
by providing a solid foundation that nourishes the well being of the whole child - spiritually, physically and mentally, they are given the tools to successfully navigate life to find direction and achieve their goals.

"my two younger sister and i entered the masonic home of georgia in june, 1959, after our mother passed away. little did i know that was the beginning of a lifetime of family, friends and great memories."

-brenda lawless brannon, masonic home of georgia alumni



              	sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
              








how you can help!
1. spread the word!
if you know of a child or a family in need of help providing for their child(ren) - tell them about the masonic home of georgia.
2. make a donation
the masonic home of georgia is funded by the masons of georgia. when you make a donation - you choose where you would like your donation to go: education, operations, goals program, endowment.
each of our generous supporters helps us provide each child with a healthy start, protection from harm and the opportunity to grow. together, we are transforming individual children's lives and the communities of the future.



donate today!

















1417 nottingham drivemacon, 31211
tel: (478) 743-5154
fax: (478) 738-3972
contact us »



you are an important part of our success!
donate! »
your secure online or mail-in donation makes a big difference!









