





irish wolfhound association of new england – a non-profit 501(c)(3) charitable organization and akc licensed specialty club dedicated to the welfare of the irish wolfhound.






































skip to content







 irish wolfhound association of new england
a non-profit 501(c)(3) charitable organization and akc licensed specialty club dedicated to the welfare of the irish wolfhound.


menu
irish wolfhound association of new england

about iwane

iwane by-laws
iwane code of ethics
iwane policies
akc outstanding sportsmanship award
membership correspondence

meeting minutes
iwane meeting archives




club news
club officers
iwane committees

board and committee descriptions


health research and education
rescue
judges education


calendar of events and activities

iwane specialty 2025 – june 7 and june 8
iwane fun match
fast cat/cat
lgra
obedience and agility


events of interest!

irish wolfhounds in therapy
cultural events
meet our veterans


irish wolfhound

irish wolfhound puppies
contact and breeder referral
irish wolfhound clubs


iwane archives

sportsman of the year awards
iwane specialty 2024
iwane specialty 2023
iwane specialty 2022
iwane specialty 2021
iwane specialty 2019
iwane specialty 2018
iwane specialty 2017
iwane specialty 2016
iwane specialty 2015


 





irish wolfhound association of new england 




thank you for your interest in the irish wolfhound association of new england.  you are in the right place if you are looking to meet, learn, share, and widen your social circle around irish wolfhounds. 

updated: january 30, 2025
check out our specialty 2025 tab to see our show progress!
the next member meeting is scheduled for april 13, 2025. this meeting will be held at the acton woman’s club in acton, ma.  agenda and educational program to follow. this meeting is our annual club meeting.
check out our calendar page as we updated it with our supported entries, fast cat/cat trials, and our national and regional specialties for 2025.

we still have some 2025 iwane calendars left!! 
a perfect gift for a stocking or a unique gift to say thank you to a favorite vet or vet technician!  you may prefer just to show the new art each month on a prominent wall space or choose to brighten up your office.  we have some beautiful new portraits to adorn each month by the talents of sue gilson. you can reach out to sue or joni through fb messenger or email. join our fb group and text us!
calendars are $25.00 each plus a $5.00 shipping charge.  all proceeds go to the irish wolfhound association of new england.  you can pay via the paypal link below.  it’s quite easy!  scroll down the page and choose the donation button.  be sure to include a comment indicating quantity and address of where to send.  we very much appreciate sue’s selfless contribution to the club through her talent.
sneak peek of our calendar.  maybe you’ll see a familiar hound!!







suaimhneas

below are the updated iwane membership applications.  please download the editable pdf and send to the iwane secretary via email or address listed on the form.  email is preferable.  
should you have any questions at all please reach out to the secretary:  jonilight1215@gmail.com
iwane regular membership application
iwane associate membership_application
members can now use paypal for annual dues and donations!!  please be sure to make a note on any donations as to where you would like it to be applied.


regular membership dues:  $35.00 plus $2.00 fee via paypal








associate membership dues:  $30.00 plus $2.00 fee via paypal











health, education, rescue and general fund donations welcome! 
please press the donate button to make a donation. 

















proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
	theme: dara by automattic. 





















