


ireland golf vacations and ireland golf tours with irish pro golf tours





















































ireland golf vacation .....

as ireland golf vacation specialists we will share 
with you our knowledge of irish golf and we look forward to working with you to 
plan and prepare a golf vacation to ireland that will not be surpassed. we offer 
you a personal service and a guarantee of delivering you a golfing experience to 
treasure forever. we appreciate and welcome your call.

 the great ireland golf courses like ballybunion, lahinch, portmarnock, royal county down, old head of kinsale are all here. you can travel by road or by air. heligolf is an experience you will always remember. dublin in the morning with royal county down in the afternoon. at night you can relax in the stately splendour of adare manor or choose from any of our preferred hotels or castles.

ireland golf has never been more accessible so talk to irish pro golf tours 
	today and learn more about the fantastic offers we have planned for the 2019 
	golf vacation season. we will bring you to play great golf at great prices.
    


ryder cup 2020 takes place at 

whistling straits, u.s.a.  irish pro 
	golf tours can tailor make a package to suit your requirements from spending 
	time at the event to enjoying some golf pre or post the tournament.  contact us
today to register your interest in attending this epic golf event.

  
click here for your customised quotation.


call-back...






 name

golfers from all over the 
      world have placed their trust in us, many repeatedly, to organise 
    and deliver for them the golfing experience of a lifetime. take a moment and 
      read what our clients say about us - 
testimonials. 





  phone





 location





contact our team of golf travel professionals and 
    they will offer you a personal service like you have never experienced 
    before. we will be available to you around the clock. one click will 
    bring you here if you  visit our 

tour planner 
section. 
    if you would like to talk with irish golf specialists who will keep you on 
    the right track, offer you their services and share their vast knowledge of 
    ireland's world class golf links please use the callback form above. who 
	knows ireland better? talk to us today for your no obligation proposal. we 
	look forward to talking and we welcome your contact.



just some of our snaps from 
our recent summer tours, see 
facebook.com/irishprogolftours for more

  


  

 




 




news... 

on 
july 9th the travel section of the new york times featured an article on

golf 
along 


ireland's 


north coast. this tour was planned and 
designed by irish pro 

golf 

tours
and mr charles mcgrath writer at large for the times had this to say about 
our services -  


"i chose an outfit called  irish 
pro 
golf 
tours; the owners, enda mulvany, and his partner, 
barry keane, turned out to be almost obsessively attentive." 



click here to 
read the article from the new york times and 
experience our high levels of service for yourself.


2018 will see the ryder cup return to europe. 
  
    contact us 
today to express your interest in being with us in france for the ryder cup 
matches.


sign up today for our golf vacation newsletter!
* required
email address: * 





 





















































