



	bizarre news














































shopping


reader of the month


top stories


archives


polls





















bizarre news video page








the last issue of bizarre news.

                                
                                
                        march 01, 2023
                        farewell fellow bizarros:
did you know that i didn't start bizarre news? bn was started by some guy working on his computer at home all the way back in 1997 or 1998. back then gophercentral.com was called shagmail (named after a popular james bond spoof movie at the time) and we recruited bizarre news to be a part of our catalog of email newsletters. eventually the original author quit and we took it over.

now, 25 years later, it's time for bizarre news to wrap up it's historic run. i wonder what that guy who had a couple thousand subscribers on his aol account would think if he knew his creation lasted this long.

but we're not forgetting about you! starting next week you will be receiving our newly revamped humor list laff-a-day. hopefully you'll appreciate the laughs as much as you appreciated the bizarre news.

thanks for sharing the world of the weird, the strange and the stupid with me.

bizarrely,
lewis 

p.s. bizarre news is now on facebook. we're expanding our reach, to bring the strange and stupid news to you whenever you log on. follow bizarre news and join the group so you won't miss out on a single story. click here to visit bizarre news on facebook

questions? comments? email: lewis@gopher-news.com






                                bizarre facts that you have to see to believe!...read





reader comments:
                                    
no comments yet for this newsletter. click the 'add' button to be the first to comment.





























what is the most important thing to stock up on during the coronavirus pandemic?



waterfoodtoilet papercold and flu medicinehand sanitizercashammunition








phunny picture













to view reader captions for this week's phunny picture, click here to head over to gophercentral.com to view the most recent newsletter!













newsletter archives



animals gone funny
anything goes


bible verses
bizarre news


celebrity nooz
celebrity nooz video


classic laff a day
clean laffs


conservative review
diabetes digest


evtv1 insider
forgotten history video


get your freebies
gizmorama


handy hints
laff a day


living green
looking good


media perspectives
mouthpiece


music video clip
new on dvd


phunny pictures
progressive review


quote a day
random facts


the daily groaner
the daily horoscope


the daily recipe
thrifty tips


travel video
trivia today


update
viewpoint


where are they now






bizarre reader of the month


dewitt morgan
click here to learn more, and nominate yourself as next month's winner!






featured bizarre picture




all this time you thought gotham city was in new jersey. it turns out it is in british columbia, canada. that was where the caped crusader was last sighted, attempting to render aid to a police call. 
view this story in the gopher library















facebook
gophercentral


pulsetv
gopher archives


celebrity nooz
evtv1


youtube










what's new on gophercentral


why does my car only make noise in the cold?

here are bills you should consider cancelling, pronto!

not all dinosaurs died out 66 million years ago

revolver cylinders vs. magazines

2025 flu season: the most intense in 15 years, straining healthcare and economy

breathing exercises to reduce stress and anxiety

beef tenderloin for 2

groundbreaking study: ozempic shows promise in reducing alcohol consumption

why your neighborhood needs a feral cat shelter

the valentine’s day massacre: a dark chapter in gangland history




















free newsletters   |   go shopping   |   reader of the month




© 2020 gophercentral and pulsetv.com


























