






home - gamblers anonymous













































































 






make a contributiononline bookstoreu.s. hotlinesfind a meetinghomeabout gamblers anonymoushistoryresourcesrecovery programunity programquestions & answers20 questionsgam-anon: help friends & familyregional service offices and intergroup mailing addresseslife-line bulletinshopproduct has been added to your cart.my account
has gambling ever made your home life unhappy?
there is hope.
gamblers anonymous is here to help people who think they
might have a gambling problem.
learn moreare you a compulsive gambler?
recovery program
virtual meetings
our questionnaire can help you determine if you have a gambling problem and how we can help with your journey to recovery.
take questionairethe 12 step program is fundamentally based on ancient spiritual principles and rooted in sound medical therapy.
learn moreneed help, but are unable to attend in-person meetings? we now offer virtual meetings to help you anywhere.
find a virtual meetingfind a meeting near you
need help with a gambling problem?
gamblers anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others to recover from a gambling problem.
can’t make it to an in-person meeting?
join in on a meeting virtually or by phone at your own convenience.
find a meetinghere to help you on the road to recovery.
not sure you have a problem?
our self-assessment questionnaire can help you determine if you have a gambling problem, along with resources provided to help recovery.
take questionnairemore about gamblers anonymous
questions & answers






recovery program






unity program






gam-anon: help friends & family






online store






stay connected with us
life-line bulletin
the life-line bulletin is a monthly newsletter for and about members of gamblers anonymous. it provides our members a chance to share their experience, strength and hope with each other through the group news section; and to also see some of the important aspects that help g.a. continue to carry the message to those who still suffer. reading the bulletin every month is a great way to stay connected.
read latest bulletin



resources
questions & answers
20 questions
recovery program
unity program
u.s. hotlines
life-line bulletin
online store
contact
phone
(909) 931-9056
fax
(909) 931-9059
email
isomain@gamblersanonymous.org
ga international service office
1306 monte vista avenue suite 5,
upland, ca 91786 usa
find a meeting© 2025 gamblers anonymous. all rights reserved.
privacy policy     |     terms of use

 menu


 

























