




embryo donation - miracles waiting embryo donation program


































						 

						
						 

















  home 
about us
understanding embryo donation
donor/recipient listings
find support
how you can help
 contact 


























welcome


















members
go here
not a member? register here 























 
						


"great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind,
but great actions speak to all mankind."



-emily p. bissell









         






































						 









					    
					    
			    
					    

 




































miracles waiting is dedicated to providing embryo donors and embryo recipients the opportunity to find each other, with the ability and freedom to work out the details of their embryo donation on their own terms. miracles waiting  is not affiliated with any ivf clinic, embryo donation agency, adoption agency, or religious organization.
embryo donation can provide the opportunity to assist others who want to conceive by donating available embryos and giving someone else the chance to start or add to their own family. 
how do embryo donor families and embryo recipient families find each other?
before miracles waiting was formed in 2004, embryo donors and embryo recipients had to rely on donation through their ivf clinic or an agency. or, had to find a match themselves by searching the internet or through word of mouth. since the start of  miracles waiting, you can place your ad/profile in the embryo donor or embryo recipient listings, then search through the listings. when you locate someone that you think might be a fit, you simply e-mail them and wait for their response. once contact has been made, the embryo donors and embryo recipients together will determine if a match has been made. miracles waiting is not responsible for matching donors and recipients; rather, we provide a repository of profiles, creating a mechanism for contact between donors and recipients.

we have made hundreds of matches through the miracles waiting embryo donation program!








news:









please read miracles waiting "news disclaimer" before you open any links leading to news articles provided at this website.










get used to embryo adoption
															 



asrm: defining embryo donation
															 



miracles waiting announces the arrival of a baby boy!
															 




adoption's new frontier
															 





															 









news archive















how does it work? how can we help?

looking to donate embryos?
we don't charge families donating embryos. it is free for embryo donors to create an account, post an ad/profile  at miracles waiting, and contact families looking for embryos.
to get start, click here!
looking to receive embryos?
we charge embryo recipient families an one-time $150 fee.
for the $150 fee, a member has access to the site for life, which includes the following: the ability to contact donors with profiles available for life, and an initial ad/profile which is good for a year. after that first year or the first ad/profile expires, we charge recipients $35 to add a new profile, and that profile will be good for another year.
to get start, click here!





















q. what is embryo donation? how does it differ from embryo adoption?

a.  embryo donation and embryo adoption are similar concepts, and sometimes the terms are used interchangeably. both refer to the giving and receiving of fertilized eggs (embryos) that are created during an in vitro fertilization (ivf) cycle. 

q. what are some common fears or apprehensions about using a donor, whether via sperm, egg, or embryo donation?

a.  fears concerning parenthood usually focus on unknowns and are also experienced by people who conceive naturally. - read the full answer here.

q. what does the law say about embryo donation?

a.  [federal] law states absolutely nothing at this time about embryo donation, yet many states are now considering how to handle these unique family situations. - read the full answer here.












 
												













 












































resources:







 ask an expert














 facts about fertility














 facts about embryos









find a clinic










 professional directory
















embryo 

donation stories




































almost identical 
									after ivf, glenda and scott lyons found a great use for their extra embryos: they gave them to another couple. now susan and bruce lindeman have twins, too. read their story 







































miracles waiting - embryo donation program
copyright © 2004-2018


home | contact |  advertise | privacy policy  | terms of use
























































