


acute angling








































































tripsrio negro - explorerrio negro - floating bargefloating bungalowscuricuriari lodgerio aripuanaxingu riverarapaima day tripparaná rivertrip prep guideclient portalget in touchtripsmatupiri reservecuricuriari lodgerio negro - explorerrio negro - floating bargefloating bungalowsrio aripuanaarapaima day triptrip guide plannerfaq'sabout usclient portalbook your bucket listwhere epic awaitslet's gobook your bucket listwhere epic awaitslet's goas featured byas featured bytrips for all groups & occasionswe have a trip for everyonecorporate tripsreward and incentivize your team with something truly unforgettable.groups & familiescreate experiences and make memories with loved ones that last a lifetime.individuals & couplesengage in the ultimate couples or solo adventure.book todaytrips for all groups & occasionswe have a trip for everyonecorporate tripsreward and incentivize your team with something truly unforgettable.groups & familiescreate experiences and make memories with loved ones that last a lifetime.individuals & couplesengage in the ultimate couples or solo adventure.book todaywhat our anglers have to sayexplore the experiencesgreat chance at a large peacock bass true trophy peacock in an intimate jungle setting. these floating bungalows can take you to the most inaccessible headwaters regions.floating bungalowsif you're hunting for a real shot at a world-record peacock bass, then this is the place for you. this trip delivers more 20+ lb. fish/week than any other amazon fishery.curicuriari lodgethis one-day trip is available as an add-on to an acute angling trip. a chain of 5 isolated lakes independent of the floodplain; fishable during the season!arapaima day triptake your own river monsters fishing trip! preserved in a remote area, this unique fishery provides anglers with a wide variety in fish species.rio aripuanathis premium accommodation accesses some of the complex shallow backwaters and less accessible fish-laden regions. this barge flagship lets you go anywhere!rio negro bargethe most consistent fishing trip in the amazon! this beautiful yacht roams the enormous rio negro basin, concentrating on accessing productive waters.rio negro explorerput simply, this is the amazon‘s most numerically productive fishing trip. you’ll enjoy exclusive access to the gigantic, hyper-productive matupiri reserve.matupiri reserveour trip prep guide is your ultimate resource for fishing adventure acute angling! we’ve curated all the essentials to ensure your trip is stress-free.trip prep guideexplore the experiencesgreat chance at a large peacock bass true trophy peacock in an intimate jungle setting. these floating bungalows can take you to the most inaccessible headwaters regions.floating bungalowsif you're hunting for a real shot at a world-record peacock bass, then this is the place for you. this trip delivers more 20+ lb. fish/week than any other amazon fishery.curicuriari lodgethis one-day trip is available as an add-on to an acute angling trip. a chain of 5 isolated lakes independent of the floodplain; fishable during the season!arapaima day triptake your own river monsters fishing trip! preserved in a remote area, this unique fishery provides anglers with a wide variety in fish species.rio aripuanathis premium accommodation accesses some of the complex shallow backwaters and less accessible fish-laden regions. this barge flagship lets you go anywhere!rio negro bargethe most consistent fishing trip in the amazon! this beautiful yacht roams the enormous rio negro basin, concentrating on accessing productive waters.rio negro explorerput simply, this is the amazon‘s most numerically productive fishing trip. you’ll enjoy exclusive access to the gigantic, hyper-productive matupiri reserve.matupiri reserveour trip prep guide is your ultimate resource for fishing adventure acute angling! we’ve curated all the essentials to ensure your trip is stress-free.trip prep guide25+ years of amazon fishingfacilitating bucket list experiences25years in the amazonthousandstrips facilitated#1facilitating trips3kspecies to fishget in touch25+ years of amazon fishingfacilitating bucket list experiences25years in the amazonthousandstrips facilitated#1facilitating trips3kspecies to fishget in touchread our newest blogslorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. aliquamno blogs found(866) 832-2987(866) 832-2987

