






oregon relocation directory & long distance moving guide























































your guide to living in the beaver state





home
directories
about orednet
contact









oregon relocation directoryyour guide to living in the beaver statemore info 













 



07/23/2021leave a comment on moving to oregon guide – everything to know before your move 
moving to oregon guide – everything to know before your move 

wonder and beauty. these two words perfectly describe the state of oregon. it is home to the robust evergreens, rolling … 


read more







05/17/2017leave a comment on tips for a cross country relocation | how i moved from nyc to portland 
tips for a cross country relocation | how i moved from nyc to portland 

when i moved from new york city to portland last year, i knew i was in for a big change. … 


read more







03/18/2017leave a comment on moving from seattle to portland – what you need to know 
moving from seattle to portland – what you need to know 

while the pacific northwest is filled with ocean shores and mountainous terrain that can be found all across the region, … 


read more







02/07/2017leave a comment on relocation guide | top portland neighborhoods for millennials 
relocation guide | top portland neighborhoods for millennials 

over the last few years, the city of portland has quickly become a hotspot for millennials. with its hip, liberal mentality and embrace for all things weird, it’s the ideal city to find common cultural tribes and exercise creative muscles. and because portland is saturated with many different coffee shops, bistros, and music festivals, more and more young people are flocking to the city for a fresh start in a new place. below are a few neighborhoods that are increasingly popular for millennials and are appealing to those who make a move to portland.
north portland
north portland (also known as “nopo”) is a very popular neighborhood for young people. touting a giant statue of paul bunyan at its entrance, the area embodies a quirky and cool attitude with lively streets. mississippi avenue is one of the more trafficked streets that has numerous bars, restaurants, and boutiques that are perfect for a weekend of fun. the neighborhood also has many parks and wildlife trails for walking, jogging, or biking during those beautiful oregon summer days. housing in this area is typically pricier than south portland and includes a mix of modern condos, lofts, and elegant victorian homes.
northeast portland
northeast portland is a large area that’s home to the most diverse population in the city. with a broad range of people and income, rent tends to fluctuate a lot in this neighborhood, and many older houses are consistently being renovated, sold, or rented out. there are also fewer new buildings here than in nopo. millennials spend most of their days in the alberta arts district, which holds art events, seminars, and food festivals. with more artists and an emerging business district, it’s a great place to live if you’re planning on getting involved in the arts community.
southeast portland
heading south, you’ll find portland’s bohemian neighborhood with an ‘up and coming’ vibe. with an interesting mixture of old hippies, millennials, and blue-collar workers, this area of the city is continually in flux when it comes to rental prices. the most popular area for millennials is the hawthorne district, where you’ll find many vintage stores, dive bars, and happy hours to indulge in. but while hawthorn is fun for a night out on the town, it can also be the most expensive part of the neighborhood for housing. luckily for millennials, it also offers new lofts with low rent prices that are located on the village outskirts.
due to its rapidly changing environment, portland regularly alternates between a full or vacant housing market, especially in these districts. with its unique young vibe that appeals to millennials all around the united states, more young people are expected to move in and out of the city in the coming years. if you’re looking to move to portland or just looking for a new neighborhood to call home, you won’t be disappointed by the array of neighborhoods portland has to choose from. thanks to http://www.portlandmovers.net/ for contributing to our knowledge of portland’s best neighborhoods for millennials. when it comes to finding cheap portland movers this company has you covered. portland movers makes it easy to search for local, licensed moving companies so you can compare rates and save up to 35% off your next move.


read more







01/31/2017leave a comment on 7 reasons to make the long distance move to oregon 
7 reasons to make the long distance move to oregon 

if you’ve been stuck in one place for too long and need a change of scenery, you should consider a move to the state of oregon. with plenty of metropolitan areas, beautiful surroundings, and abundant job opportunities, it’s the perfect place for a fresh start. according to long distance mover, oregon is the #1 inbound state for relocations in the entire country. if you’re still not convinced, here are seven reasons why so many people are moving to oregon!
1. city living
oregon has many exciting cities waiting to be discovered. from the hip streets of eugene to the eclectic vibes of portland, this west coast state is sure to have the right kind of scene for you. you’re guaranteed to find numerous coffee shops, bookstores, art galleries, and music venues to choose from, and you’ll never get bored or restless with the diverse city life.
2. career opportunities
starting a new career in oregon is easy thanks to the state’s economic health. with major companies such as nike and organically grown company that are headquartered in oregon, there are many great job opportunities. plus abundant careers in medicine, agriculture, and business, make it a great place to find opportunity and advancement in the workplace.
3. natural scenery
if you crave adventure in the great outdoors, the pacific northwest is the place for you! oregon is full of beautiful mountains, stunning beaches, and pristine hiking trails that nature enthusiasts love. with popular attractions such as the mount hood summit and astoria beach, there’s natural scenery to be found everywhere that you look in oregon. with plenty of hiking, biking, and kayaking activities, it’s a fun state to live in.
4. foodie culture
with many fusion food trucks, organic cafes, and new restaurants, oregon attracts foodies from all around the united states. the city of portland was even rated number one on the “top best food cities in america.” and with fresh farmers markets and international food carts that are open almost all year round, you can expect to enjoy tasty cuisine on a consistent basis.
5. mild weather
the weather in oregon is pretty well-balanced and is perfect for those who hate sweltering heat waves and freezing cold winters. the average high temperature for the state is around 64-degrees while the average low is 42. these temperatures create a year-round average climate of 53-degrees, which is not bad at all! you might need to wear a jacket on a few chilly days, but you won’t be sweating or shivering too often in oregon.
6. higher education
if you’re looking to enroll in college or graduate school, consider moving to oregon. with plenty of prestigious colleges such as the university of oregon and the oregon state university, it’s the ideal place to further your education. you’ll enjoy learning amongst a diverse student population and excellent academic programs.
7. craft beer
okay, we admit this isn’t the most crucial reason to move to oregon. but if there’s one thing that this state is good at (and there are plenty!), it’s brewing quality craft beers. there are over 250 breweries in the state, with the most being located in the city of portland, with many different tastes and methods to be sampled. plus, the craft beer is overwhelmingly popular with both locals and tourists alike, which is a sure sign that oregon is doing something right in their brewing process!
 


read more







01/15/2017leave a comment on how to make your out of state move go smoothly 
how to make your out of state move go smoothly 

moving out-of-state can provide a fresh start and a change of pace that millions of people take on every year. while the thought of a new destination and lifestyle can be exciting, the process of getting there can be stressful and chaotic. to help those of you who are considering an out-of-state move, here are a few steps to make your moving process go smoothly.
have a plan
your moving process will seem less daunting once you sit down and plan out the details. make sure that you establish how much money you can spend on interstate moving services or equipment, how many days can be set aside for the moving process, what needs to be packed and what needs to be tossed, and whether or not you need to hire professional services or can rely on family and friends to help.
get rid of unnecessary items
packing and shipping extra belongings can waste time and money within the moving process. instead, try sorting your household items into two categories before the packing begins: things that you use consistently for everyday living and things that are nice to have, but don’t necessarily get much use. then, determine how much space you have in your moving vehicles and see what can fit. after making sure that all essential items can fit within your transport vehicles, make a pile of unneeded items that won’t fit, which can then be donated, sold, or given away. if you have time, you can hold a yard sale or try to sell your items online.
transfer or establish utilities
be sure to call your existing utility providers about two weeks before your moving date to terminate or transfer them. if you need to establish service in your new state through different utility companies, you can do some online research to find the best service for your needs. make sure that you also have all utilities connected at your new destination before your arrival date.
ship extra vehicles
if you’re moving across the country and have more than one vehicle in the family, you might want to ship one of them instead of driving both to your destination. keep in mind that it will take at least a week to get a car transported from coast to coast, and if you want the vehicle to get to your new destination ahead of you, you’ll have to prepare ahead of time.
understand delivery times
if you’re using a professional moving service, your belongings might not arrive on the same day (or even the day after) as the packing and loading process. the company will most likely give you a delivery spread, which is the amount of time it will take to reach your new destination, which can span up to 14 days. since the delivery spread depends on distance, time of the year, and how many belongings you want to be shipped, make sure you get an accurate estimate on when you can expect your items.


read more







12/26/2016leave a comment on 7 best places to live in oregon with a family 
7 best places to live in oregon with a family 

with gorgeous mountain scenery and friendly residents scattered through the state, oregon is revered throughout the pacific northwest as a … 


read more







12/20/2016leave a comment on newcomer’s guide to portland 
newcomer’s guide to portland 

the city of portland, oregon is a vibrant and fun town with a thriving cultural scene. with many employment opportunities … 


read more






quick search

search for:



connect with us!






 





 





 





 





 

  recent posts 

moving to oregon guide – everything to know before your move


tips for a cross country relocation | how i moved from nyc to portland


moving from seattle to portland – what you need to know


relocation guide | top portland neighborhoods for millennials


7 reasons to make the long distance move to oregon


oregon health coop 
banking services 
oregon banking services

real estate 
real estate services

destination services 
oregon destination services

oregon movers 
oregon household goods moving










        copyright © 2025. oregon relocation directory.

        
        
terms of service













