
























































richland/clinch valley | swvatoday.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















52°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



nation & world



crime



education



state & regional



politics



news tip



business




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




life & entertainment


events calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



columns



columns



play



home & garden



heath



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



church directory



brand ave. studios




print edition



e-edition



today's ads



special sections




our properties


the bland county messenger



the floyd press



richlands/clinch valley



smyth county news & messenger



washington county news



wytheville enterprise




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



help center



weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy














































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




















                                        subscribe
                                    























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

sports

contact

obituaries

buy & sell

customer service

contact









52°
rain/wind

















                
                richland/clinch valley
                
                    

















        
        
            secular society wipes out medical debt for thousands in swva

more than 2,200 people in smyth county who owed medical debt exceeding $2 million can breathe easier as can more than 2,700 individuals in washington county, 417 in wythe, 48 in bland, and 659 in tazewell thanks to a blacksburg nonprofit that bought the debt and wiped it out. 

















        
        
            tazewell county man facing felony after bland county arrest

a man with multiple pending court cases was arrested in bland county last week after police responded to a grapefield road trespassing complaint. 

















        
        
            new park coming together in richlands

god’s rock stars and many other youngsters will soon have a place to have fun and enjoy the outdoors. 

















        
        
            ceo outlines need for medical testing

health care after covid was among the topics clinch valley health chief executive officer dr. peter mulkey addressed during a lunch and learn on june 24. 

















        
        
            mathais sentencing delayed again

sentencing for a broadford woman convicted of murder has again been delayed. 

















        
        
            hikers remember service of veterans

some veterans went back to basic training for a few moments on june 24. 

















        
        
            tazewell county couple charged with child abuse

tazewell county deputies responding to a june 1 call to clinch valley medical center discovered a 5-month-old at the hospital suffering from severe rodent bites. 















        
        
            bond denied in child abuse case




saying he considered the defendant a danger to himself and others, circuit judge jack s. (chip) hurley denied bond for michael wayne stevenson on june 29. 




















        
        
            mathais sentencing delayed again




sentencing for a broadford woman convicted of murder has again been delayed. 












        
        
            blue ridge tour visits wytheville




70 junior golfers took to the links at the wytheville golf club in the jam foundation junior classic as part of the historic 25th season of the blue ridge junior golf tour. players found immaculate course conditions, beautiful summer weather, and a host of enthusiastic volunteers as they arr…




















        
        
            hikers remember service of veterans




some veterans went back to basic training for a few moments on june 24. 






























        
        
            grundy singer's music videos get warm welcome (copy)

jasmine franks — community newspapers of southwest virginia 

















        
        
            woman convicted in tannersville murder

a broadford woman was found guilty of first-degree murder following a three-day trial in tazewell county circuit court oct. 20. 

















        
        
            miyares listening tour stops in tazewell county

it was a trip down memory lane for george allen and jerry kilgore, and a chance to have fun for attorney general jason miyares. 

















        
        
            holt named police chief in richlands

richlands, va. — a new chief will soon take control of the richlands police department. 

















        
        
            missing at tumbling creek: family, police still hope for lead in tazewell man's 2017 disappearance

five years after a tazewell county man seemingly vanished at the clinch mountain wildlife area just inside of smyth county, investigators and family members are still hoping for the lead that will help uncover his fate. 

















        
        
            area law enforcement, first responders feeling pinch at the pump

as fuel prices soared across the country, law enforcement and other emergency services in the region are eyeing their budgets and looking at ways to cut costs without rolling back services. 













                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            bland county sex offender accused of new crimes


















        
        
            cellphones searched in fatal wytheville shooting


















        
        
            wythe county grand jurors hand down indictments




















        
        
            adult education offers basic training

do you or someone you know need to brush up on basic reading, math, and writing skills? if so, then adult basic education (abe) might just be right for you. adult basic education programs provide training for everyone from the elderly to middle-aged and young adults, job seekers, employees, …

















        
        
            civic leaders honored at annual chamber banquet

tazewell county’s chamber of commerce honored long time contributors and new comers during its annual banquet april 21. 

















        
        
            lee named sac athlete of week

emory & henry college sophomore gavin lee has been named the south atlantic conference varsity gems men’s outdoor field athlete of the week, sac officials announced april 25. 









        
        
            richlands getting tough on high grass and litter

code enforcement will be a major enforcement area for the richlands police department this spring and summer. 









        
        
            variety of events offered around the county

spring fling: may 6, 2023, 8:30 am to 3:30 pm the appalachian authors guild is hosting “spring fling” at the virginia highlands small business incubator, 852 french moore jr. blvd., abingdon, va. speakers, jim minnick, linda hoagland and a panel of authors to answer questions will be there i…









        
        
            busy week ahead for county sports teams

the complete schedule of athletic events at the three county high schools for the week of april 26-may 2 is listed below. for postponements or other changes see southwestdistrictva.org. 





more richland/clinch valley



























×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


the bland county messenger

the floyd press

richlands news-press

smyth county news & messenger

washington county news

wytheville enterprise

bristol herald-courier




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

newsletter signup

public notices

join our team

licensing

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        swva today, 460 w. main st. wytheville, va 24382
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    


















