





  











naked beggars band – retired rock star, active jinglist
































skip to main content





						naked beggars band					

 




menu
skip to content
about
contact
  
 
 
 




 
nobody's fool 2008


  
 


 
  
 
 
 






should they create a backdoor to the iphone and other mobile devices?

 march 16, 2016 daniel allenguitar stuff no comments  


a few weeks there was a debate regarding government officials requesting access to unlock or create some sort of backdoor entrance into all iphones from now on. this would be a unprecedented act allowing complete access to any cell phone. as my friends at cell phone repair hamilton said, apple is being asked to create a solution to access all to access all information on any iphone when requested by the government.
apple has taken a strong stance against this action, to the extent that they asked for an appeal to the decision to make them release the iphone back door master key. you can read more about this on a release from cbc’s article about the iphone.
this would be a feature that doesn’t currently exist. according to apple they found it too dangerous to create something like this as it may end up in the wrong hands. while the intended use for this backdoor master key to all new iphone and apple devices may be helpful to police, it could also be very dangerous if it ended up in the means of criminals.
. if you talk to any local repair shop, they’ll tell you that even when just doing cell phone repairs, people are very concerned about their privacy. we currently keep all sorts of personal information, photographs and personal banking information on our smartphone devices. to have the ability to access all this information would be very dangerous and is something that i personally believe we should never allow in a democracy.
if we were to start heading down this path it may lead to even further privacy violations that we don’t currently except. this probably all started with the patriot act after 9/11. with technology advancing in becoming more a part of being a human on earth. we must consider the repercussions of exposing peoples information. i’ve seen plenty of i’ve seen plenty of situations where celebrities have had images leaked. if you look at the recent case of the nfl announcer, she was tracked down, potentially by her cell phone, and somebody took photos of her through a hole in a wall at a hotel. she was tracked down, apparently, bye somebody using technology to figure out where she was at. consider the fact that almost all smart phones have gps in them. this puts us almost one step away from having a chip inside of us (minority report bracket.) something, i for one am not a huge fan of. now it’s become a necessity and it’s how businesses and relationships are run. without technology in our lives we would miss out on what it is to be currently involved and active and today’s work and personal life normalities in society.
would you trust the government with access to all your information for the potential protection of yourself or other citizens at risk?
think for example the recent netflix series making a murderer, there was a cell phone al there and the messages were deleted. they called upon a local telecommunications company to go through and look at the calls. if they had access to smart phones while if smartphones existed back then, it makes me wonder if we would really know whether or not steven avery was guilty or innocent. i guess we’ll never know for sure. but you could see why having a backdoor access to cell phones like the iphone or a samsung galaxy would be a good idea. at least you’ll see new startups pop up in major cities that will have ability to recover data for private clients like rapifix in montreal. what you don’t think about is how it will change society and violate people’s privacy. just recently i read a story about police officers using police records to contact an attractive female they had pulled over before. this is a huge violation of privacy and obviously you could imagine what they would have done if they had access to some of her personal photos and more of her private e-mail and social media account accesses.
 
 

 
 



how we built our recording studio with blue window films

 february 20, 2016 daniel allenguitar stuff no comments  

 
windows in our recording studio tinted blue.
it took us several month to figure out exactly what we wanted. i’ve come a long way from the make shift studio i had set up in my basement. this time i planned to do it right by carefully measuring everything out and constulted the hamilton glass experts tinting guys to install that blue tinted film you see in this picture. the overall project might seam simple but once you realize the wiring and sound issues you also realize that it take a lot of planning.
a few things to consider when taking on a big project like this, is how much is it going to cost? and if i’m getting a good deal from a coupon or something for the tinting, is it going to be worth it in the end. always do your research. ask contractor for previous work and see if they are up to the standard you’de like your stuff to be built.
there’s a few things you know your going to need. so after you’ve decided if you’ll be doing the work or you want to hire someone, like we did to install the window films. you’ll want to price out everything. your going to need all the correct extension for chords. you can find a complete list on most big audio sites like bose. of course you’ll want to pick out a solid microphone and stand if you don’t use a structure to hang it down. we desided to go old school and attach it to the wall in front of the double window with the blue tints. the biggest purchase you’re going to have to make is your computer. all the best recordng studios out there use mac so i highly remmend just going that route. it will cost you more but will save a lot of headaches. if you decide to go pc you’ll potentially end up with a virus and it will all have been a waste anyways, so just go ahead and splurge a little here. it’s the item you’ll be using everyday!
when we sit down now to work on our script for writing jungles we have the less dungeony feel with the blue ambiance from the tinted windows that enhances our creativity. its a nice touch and i’de say don’t go with a plane look. make it unique to what you do. in my case i need to be upbeet as oppose to my death metal days. so going with a color like blue was a no-brainer. in my business it’s all about getting track out in high quality but fast as possible, the more i can crank out and send to business the better. so my studio is set up in a way that i’m either in brainstorm mode behind the computer or in recording mode on the other side of the windows. one thing i’ll also mention is we added tempered glass windows to get the upmost sounds leakage prevention available. sound proofing is obviously a big concer when building your own studio. don’t cheap out on the windows for sure and make a habit of doing through research befor egoing out and throwing down any money.
have a something to add to our conversations at nakedbeggar.net? drop us a line on our contact us page and have a great day!
 

 
 



catchy tunes for business still do the trick

 february 12, 2016 daniel allenbusiness tips no comments  


i’ve been able to make a good living making catches tunes or “jingles” for businesses in toronto in a time where many businesses are looking elsewhere for their audio advertising needs.
much of the music made use of today is a collection tracks, pop music, or scores made on a computer by some “dj”. several national companies have tipped away from distinct jingles. nevertheless, the jingle has not totally left the building. the jingle has actually stayed on life assistance in local as well as regional advertising. smaller firms will certainly not pay the big licensing charges billed by authors of popular music nor will these publisher offer exclusivity. that is the reason why smaller regional firms have actually continued to be with jingles for branding purposes.
in my viewpoint if you are acquiring electronic media you require something more than an announcer as well as a track of electronic music. if you actually have a well-composed jingle, individuals will learn the tune and after that, they will certainly be singing your name and considering your product. that’s why jingles must be a part of your advertising mix whatever dimension company you are.
research of exactly how we are affected by music is grand. there areuniversity studies on it if you don’t believe me. from melody to rhythm, we respond to what we listen to. music has belonged to human society since the first drum was struck by ancient people. songs can get our pulse pumping, soothe our anxiety, or even bring a tear to the eye.
actually, the quality of the songs likewise influences the audience. well played instrumentals with rich melodies coupled with a high-quality vocalist as well clever created lyrics will capture the audience’s ear.
so notice the next time you hear a catchy business tune that was custom created and ask yourself if you remember that better than the latest electronic song on loop. if you possess or market a business and are trying to find something to put your name in people’s mind, than go with a catchy business tune.

you can contact me below for a free quote on your own custom business tune!
 

 
 



how to start playing guitar

 february 11, 2016 daniel allenguitar stuff no comments  


lots of youngsters – and oldsters 😉 – ask me about how i got into guitar and if they should try it out themselves. listen, it’s pretty simple – if you have a passion for it and are dedicated, you will learn. you may not be jimi hendrix, but you’ll be able to play.
discovering how to play guitar can be extremely challenging. specifically, for an outright newbie. the guitar might seem a little bit frightening initially. nonetheless, it’s important to approach the guitar with a favorable perspective. bear in mind, the guitar is nothing greater than wood and steel. it has no human brain. it can’t believe. further, the guitar can not control you. as a matter of fact, it is you that can and also have to regulate the guitar.

for most, discovering how to play guitar chords is the primary step in finding out how to play the guitar. incidentally, learning how to hold a guitar choice ought to occur simultaneously with learning how to play guitar chords.
a solid structure is necessary. learning to play guitar chords will enhance the fingers, hand and also wrist. eventually, this toughness will be needed in order to proceed as a guitar player. even more, discovering and also playing guitar chords will help to collaborate the picking hand with the hand that is voicing the guitar chords. this is all extremely important in building a strong foundation.
at first, put in the time to have fun finding out the best ways to play the guitar. the journey consists of the fulfillment in dominating a new guitar chord, learning how you can play your initial song. discovering how you can play your initial guitar scale and also jamming with others of like expertise. these are the fun years, enjoy them.
let me supply you some quite simple experience. as an expert guitar player, i can truthfully tell you that my early years of finding out how to play the guitar will certainly never be forgotten. nothing could compare to that early wish and also my interest in the guitar. my thirst for knowledge might only be exceeded by the necessity to discuss my progress with others. over forty years have actually passed, since those early days of structure. my enthusiasm for the guitar, nevertheless, lives on.
are these recommendations for the newbie engraved in rock? certainly not. each individual is various. nowadays, there are several ten-year-olds who start out with tapping techniques as well as sweeping strategies. many can out-play guitar players that have years of encounter under their belts. all of it depends upon the desire of the novice.
guitar ranges, guitar chords, songs theory, and also guitar lessons are all important resources as well as devices that one ought to have, as he/she progresses as a guitar player. whatever your age or objective, see to it that you strive to end up being well-shaped as a guitarist. one way or another, your skill will certainly overtake your desire.
learning how to play the guitar is just as big of a mental challenge as it is a physical challenge. it takes a lot of dedication. keep in mind, the finest guitarist around the world had a beginning point; similar to you. it’s what that particular person did after the beginning stages that really figured out their fate as an achieved guitarist.
the longest journey consistently starts with the initial step. if you’ve been thinking about finding out ways to play the guitar, i suggest that you begin today. if you have actually already commenced your research study of the guitar, i recommend that you proceed.
find out if you have the passion to keep going, and soon you’ll find out if you have the talent to be great.

 

 
 



greetings

 february 10, 2016 daniel allenguitar stuff no comments  

hey everyone, welcome to my site. i’m a retired rocker whose made the transition to doing corporate music. if you’re interested in having a jingle created for your business, please get a hold of me through my contact page.
if you’re just a visitor that wants to hear some cool rock stories, guitar tips, or music industry insight, stay tuned!
 
 

 
 

post navigation

 


 

 

4 year volunteer veteran at rockfest!! 



 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
proudly powered by wordpress
 
 
 



