

official website for jmi telescopes (astronomical telescopes and 
aftermarket telescope accessories)








































home page









jmi online store




mirror sets




		red-tag sales



recent
      ads



product reviews



document library



software
      download








inside jmi



contacting jmi



jmi dealers



jmi
      customers



astrophotography



interesting pictures



interesting sites








search website



site map












copyright © 1999-2022
      jim's mobile incorporated
      all rights reserved.

jim's mobile incorporated
      1960 kerr gulch rd
      evergreen, co  80439
      u.s.a.

leave a message at
	(303) 717-3345 (cell)
      info@jimsmobile.com






		 





jim's mobile inc.
manufacturing advanced telescope products.

























jim's mobile inc. 
				is officially shut down.
				please use the contact information below.

1)  for all current jmi products, contact:

				farpoint / optical structures, inc. (osi)
website:  
farpointastro.com
				email:  
				orders@farpointastro.com
				phone:  1-800-247-0304
phone:  1-916-638-2003
				fax:  1-916-671-5669

2)  for jim's mobile, inc. or jim burr, leave a 
				message at 303-717-3345 (jim's cell)

sincerely,

				jim burr
				jim's mobile, inc.






         


 history of 
				jmi's partial sale
				and eventual shutdown due to retirement



						 
domain 
		transfer
				jim's mobile, inc. has authorized the transfer of the domain 
				jmitelescopes.com to farpoint/osi as of november 1, 2018.  
		any emails sent to jim's mobile, inc. should use the domain 
				jimsmobile.com.  for example, to contact jim's mobile, 
		send an email to 
				info@jimsmobile.com.  any email sent to
				info@jmitelescopes.com 
				will not reach us.


final transferat the end 
						of july, 2018, farpoint / optical structures, inc. (osi) 
						will assume production of all jmi motofocus and motodec 
						products. therefore, jim's mobile will be accepting new 
						orders only until 5:00 pm mountain daylight time on 
						monday, july 23.  this will complete the transfer 
						of jmi products to farpoint astro.

after 5:00 pm mdt on monday july 23, 2018
						all orders for jmi products
						should be directed to farpoint astro.
						(see information below)

						jim's mobile will continue to manufacture and sell the
						reverse binocular telescope.
						 

						manufacturing notice
jim's mobile, inc. and 
						farpoint / optical structures, inc (osi) have agreed 
						that jim's mobile will continue to manufacture the 
						motofocus products till as late as the end of 2018 to 
						help with the transition to osi. customers will be able 
						to purchase motofocus through dealers only.
 
notice 
						of movejim's mobile, 
						inc. has moved to

1960 kerr gulch rd
						evergreen, co  80439
notice of transfer


by close of business on tuesday, september 
		19, 2017effective 
		immediately all orders for jmi astronomy accessory products (not 
		telescopes) 
				must be initiated through one of the following avenues:

website:  
farpointastro.com
				email:  
				orders@farpointastro.com
				phone:  1-800-247-0304
				fax:  1-916-671-5669

all accessory orders directed to 
		jim's mobile, inc. beginning september 20, 2017 via mail, email or local 
		phone numbers will be forwarded to farpoint for processing.


returns must be shipped to farpoint.

notice of sale

jims' mobile incorporated has signed 
		an agreement to sell the rights to the "jmi" name and all of jmi's 
		astronomy accessory products (not telescopes).  in the near future 
		these products will be manufactured and sold exclusively by farpoint/lumicon 
		under the jmi name.  the transfer process began on september 19.

thank you all for being loyal 
		customers over the last 35 years!  we are sure you will support the 
		new owners as you have supported us!  clear skies.  jmi








new 
		from jim's mobile
		8" second generation binocular telescope

jim's mobile's new 
		binocular telescope is now available for $6,495 + $250 crating + s&h.

		click on the prototype sgb-8 for a larger picture or 

		here for a short video of the sgb's improved features over the 
		rb's.
 








important reminderjmi 
		prices include shipping*
and we don't add handling charges!

* free shipping is for domestic
		orders within the
		48 contiguous states of the united states.
		all
		other shipping charges are heavily discounted.
		free shipping does not apply to telescope orders.






reverse binocular 
		telescopes
there's nothing like them!



click on a picture...













toni & daphne hallas
				upgrading from a 10"
				to a 14.5" rb scope

the 10" reverse
				binocular telescope
				(rb-10)

the 6" rb-66
				being placed in a
				carrying case

jim burr with the
				16", 10" and 6"
				reverse binoculars


here's what people are saying...

		"i have had more aesthetic pleasure in three nights with the 10" bino's 
		than i had in a year with my 25" scope."  tony hallas (just 
		before he sold his 25" scope)


		"a professor and several of us serious astronomers spent the night 
		trying to find words to describe what we were seeing.  we were 
		dumbstruck, blown away, astonished...it's unspeakable.  the views 
		are beyond the power of mere mortals to put into words.  the rb-10 
		changes everything.  it is the greatest piece of optical equipment 
		i've ever looked through."  paul carmody 
		(he traded up from a 10" to a 14.5" reverse binocular)


"the rb-10's continue to be the premier observational instrument 
		for deep sky work in our award-winning astronomy program.  it 
		astounds absolutely everyone who sees it -- beginners and seasoned 
		observers alike.  whenever the rb-10's come out, attendance at the 
		lab night events doubles!  the detail and resolution afforded by 
		viewing with both eyes makes it possible for my students to appreciate 
		and seriously study subtle structures in deep sky objects like nebula 
		and galaxies that other scopes only hint at.  i plan on retiring in 
		a few years and i hope to purchase a set for myself when i do - after 
		using these for all this time, the night sky wouldn't be the same 
		without them!"  daniel e. barth, phd (associate professor - 
		astronomy / physics, mt. san jacinto college / tahquitz high school)

		"tell jim i'm a 'happy camper!'  i've looked through hundreds of 
		telescopes in my life and i had never seen the nebulosity around merope 
		until i used the rb-10, and there it was plainly in site, visually." 
		tony hallas (in a phone call to 
		jmi)

		"it's a home run with bases loaded....  the most outstanding scope 
		i've ever used."  
		ralph holt (commenting on his rb-14.5)

		"the binoviewer is better than using a single eyepiece but viewing 
		through jmi's reverse binocular is 10 times better than a binoviewer."  
		stan mcdonald (using an rb-10)

		"my neighbor, who owns a 17.5" dob, saw m31 [in the rb-10] and went home 
		muttering something about never looking through a regular telescope 
		again."  tony hallas

		"the west yorkshire astronomical society, pontefract, england, recently 
		purchased a pair of 6-inch reverse binoculars following some outstanding 
		reports about them.  i have to say that everyone using them has 
		been staggered by the improvement they give in the general view of the 
		heavens.  the old saying of 'seeing is believing' is very 
		appropriate.  i cannot describe the improvement in the view, you 
		would really have to look for yourself.  thank you jmi for another 
		outstanding product."  kevin read (fras, chairman wyas)

		"the [rb-10] bino's are the best thing to happen to astronomy since 
		galileo."  william hildebrandt

		"the huge rb-10 is such a thrill i cannot imagine ever buying a regular 
		telescope again.  there is nothing, nothing, nothing like them." 
		tony hallas (before upgrading to an rb-14.5)

"after using the 14.5" reverse binocular, i feel a connection with 
		this universe like never before.  this is nothing short of a 
		magnificent piece of optical engineering.  it is superb in every 
		aspect!  [it is] worth every penny and much more.  no one who 
		sets their sights on these will ever be disappointed. ...[we] took a 
		look through them and then at one another.  we had to gain our 
		composer and then try to find the words for what we had just seen;  
		"unspeakable" was about the closest we could come. ...  my advice 
		to any serious astronomer is to get these whatever you have to do.  
		if you want something bad enough, and this is well worth it, then make 
		the resolve.  my aperture fever is finally cured....this is the end 
		of my long search and it's taken almost 50 years."  paul carmody


		"the rb-10 is primarily a deep space scope.  i have used it to look 
		at galaxy clusters with absolutely breathtaking results.  imagine 
		seeing four or five 12th magnitude galaxies hanging as if suspended in 
		mid-air!!  you can see the wake of the swan nebula without a 
		filter.  the 
		view of hartley 2 as it passed the 
		double cluster was absolutely 3d.  so i was a bit surprised to 
		see the great red spot on jupiter so clearly from the okie-tex star 
		party.  field of view for this scope can be determined by 
		considering that it is just two 10" f/4.7 scopes, so you can use the 
		normal formula....  the included 25mm eyepieces deliver about 48x 
		magnification.  using a higher power only means the needed  
		'tweaking' or rather 'refining' takes a few extra seconds (that's right, 
		seconds).  remember everything is motorized!" 
		tom johnston (production manager, jmi)

		"from the rtmc location at big bear, the rb-16 was showing detail in the 
		dark lanes between the arms of m51.  after our eyes became 
		dark adapted it started to look like one of tony hallas' posters."  
		tom johnston (production manager, jmi)

order now!
go ahead, put some life back into 
		your nightlife!
 








 








         


















					     all reverse binoculars




medium 
					size universal
					wheeley bars
 








      				rbx
      				reverse

					binoculars
 





rb-66
reverse
binocular
















         












 
 
 
 
 

