













cosmetic surgery nashville & clarksville | plastic surgeon















































































rhinoplasty     |      hair




call us – 615-329-3900

















about

dr. jordan licata
dr. allison laffoon


procedures

breasts

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast reduction
non-incisional breast reduction
breast implant removal or exchange
male breast reduction


face

ear surgery
eyelid surgery
facelift
facial implants
fat transfers
lip augmentation
rhinoplasty


body

arm lift
brazilian butt lift
labiaplasty
liposuction
mommy makeover
tummy tuck


skin tightening
post-surgical massage

accutite
bodytite




locations
faq

blog
financing
bmi calculator
online consultation
open positions


contact us












book an appointment



 













personalized care.
natural results.
marvel cosmetic surgery provides a full range of breast, body and facial cosmetic surgery.





online consultation







we are here to help you achieve your body goals

welcome to marvel cosmetic surgery, where your beauty and confidence are our top priorities. our dedicated team of board-certified cosmetic surgeons combines artistry with medical expertise to deliver personalized, natural-looking results. from breast enhancements to facial rejuvenation and body contouring, we offer a wide range of surgical and non-surgical treatments tailored to your unique desires and needs. we understand that every individual is different, and we’re committed to enhancing your natural beauty in a safe and caring environment. discover a renewed sense of self and explore the possibilities of transformation with us. schedule your consultation today and take the first step towards a more radiant you.



































our services

at marvel cosmetic surgery, we specialize in enhancing your natural beauty and self-confidence through a variety of surgical and non-surgical treatments. our experienced, board-certified surgeons and caring staff are dedicated to helping you look and feel your best. we believe that the journey to becoming more confident begins here. our comprehensive range of services includes:







breastsbreast shape and size is an important part of every woman’s confidence level. whether you are trying to restore your breasts after pregnancy or desire to improve the shape and size a breast augmentation has become is one of the most requested cosmetic surgical procedures. regardless of your goals, there are a variety of cosmetic breast procedures that could help.
 
learn more





bodyboth men and women have their insecurities when it comes to their body, we all desire a smooth and sculpted body. whether it be too much flab around the midsection or a behind that is not as shapely as you would like, marvel cosmetic surgery can help. we provide body procedures, such as liposuction, tummy tucks and more, that will give you the beautiful shape and sexy contours that you’ve been yearning for.
learn more





facethere are several procedures aimed at improving the appearance of the face. some of these procedures include facelifts, rhinoplasty (nose surgery), fat transfers, neck lift, chin or facial implants, lip augmentation and ear or eyelid surgery. procedures for the face may be for cosmetic purposes, reconstructive such as after an accident or medical reasons, for example, rhinoplasty to correct a breathing problem.
learn more







massagelymphatic drainage massages are a great addition to your recovery process after having certain procedures. massages after a procedure stimulate the lymphatic system and minimize swelling, inflammation, and pain.  
learn more





skin tighteningwe offer treatments that aim to improve the firmness and elasticity of the skin. it is often sought after by individuals looking to reduce the appearance of sagging skin, wrinkles, and fine lines. there are several methods and technologies available for skin tightening .
learn more









n

experienced doctors
we have the experience and expertise to help you look and feel your best.






n

professional & friendly staff
you deserve the best care and treatment. our team will make sure you get it.






n

on call 24/7
we want to help you look and feel your best. whether it's a quick fix or a long-term goal, we're here for you.








n

same day appointments
we know you're busy. that's why we offer same day appointments for your convenience.






n

free consultations
we offer free consultations in-office, virtually and by email.






n

no extra fees
marvel cosmetic surgery is proud to offer our patients the most up-to-date procedures with no extra fees.









meet our doctors

at marvel cosmetic surgery, we are proud to have a team of doctors and surgeons who are highly experienced in the field of cosmetic surgery. our doctors strive to bring the highest quality of sophisticated care and treatment to our patients. the expertise of our doctors is backed by years of experience, making them a trusted source for aesthetic surgery. our dedicated doctors work hard to provide each client with individualized care and attention that helps them reach their aesthetic goals.







dr. jordan licata, mddiplomate, american osteopathic board of otolarynology and facial plastic surgery
fellow, american board of facial cosmetic surgery
member, american academy of cosmetic surgery
read more





dr. allison laffoon, mddiplomate, american board of cosmetic surgery
director, cosmetic surgery fellowship 
fellow, american academy of cosmetic surgery
fellow, american college of surgeons 
 
 
read more







your journey starts here

-flexible appointments and personalized care.
or call — 615-329-3900


appointment request - habla español




your full name


phone number


email address


procedure interested in

procedure interested inbreast augmentationbreast liftbreast reductionnon-incisional breast reductionmale breast reductionbreast implant removalrhinoplastychin implantsear surgeryeyelid surgeryfacial implantslip augmentationneck liftfaceliftfat transfersliposuctionbrazilian butt lifttummy tuckmommy makeoverlabiaplasty + vaginoplastyarm liftmorpheus8bodytitefacetiteaccutite


preferred location

preferred locationnashvilletullahomaclarksvillehopkinsville


reason for visiting




submit appointment request











why marvel cosmetic surgery


















subscribe today!
be the first to know about our latest cosmetic treatments, special promotions, and expert beauty tips. sign up today for personalized updates tailored to your beauty goals!





success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












 












personalized care. natural results.

marvel cosmetic surgery provides a full range of breast, body and facial cosmetic surgery.





book an appointment today!





locations


nashville
329 18th ave, n,nashville, tn 37203


tullahoma
1821 n. washington,tullahoma, tn 37388

clarksville
919 tiny town rd,clarksville, tn 37042

hopkinsville
1011 s main st,hopkinsville, ky 42240

job openings

follow us

followfollowfollowfollow



breasts

breast augmentationbreast liftbreast reductionnon-incisional breast reductionmale breast reductionbreast implant removal/exchange



body

liposuctionbrazilian butt lifttummy tuckmommy makeoverlabiaplasty + vaginoplastyarm lift



face

rhinoplastyfaceliftear surgeryeyelid surgeryfacial implantslip augmentationfat transfers



skin tightening

morpheus8bodytitefacetiteaccutite



massage

massages





contact us:
615-329-3900
info@marvelcosmeticsurgery.com









© 2023 marvel cosmetic surgery |   privacy policy |  



 























