










home | berkeley ucpd






















skip to main content






|administration



toggle navigation










                                      berkeley ucpd                                  



 



search terms 


 submit search

 

home
about office of the chief
administrative division
field operations division
ucpd berkeley social media
department demographics
ucpd berkeley department history
faq's

alerts & data warnme alerts
annual security report
crime mapping
daily crime log
racial and identity profiling act (ripa)
use of force data
calls for service data

services crime prevention services
presentations and outreach
special events
safewalk (formerly bearwalk) & night safety
bicycle and mobility device registration
lost and found
police report requests

policies police policies & training
code of student conduct
clery act compliance
non-affiliate regulations
time, place, and manner
game day
dogs / animals on campus

safety enhancing safety on campus and in the community
active shooter and tools to survive targeted violence
sexual assault, relationship violence & stalking
threat assessment and management
avoiding scams
residence hall security
safewalk (formerly bearwalk) and night safety
theft prevention tips
traffic safety and vehicle security
resource guide

feedback complete a survey
make a commendation
file a complaint
complaint data
feedback results

careers





secondary navigation

contact


                        quick links                        





quick links

report a crime
police report request
daily crime log
lost & found
crime mapping
complete a survey
warnme alerts
bicycle and mobility device registration
campus safety
 











 







 








 



















strive for excellence





image credit: 
keegan houser 
















we are committed to working in partnership with our diverse campus community so together we may enhance community trust, reduce the incidence and fear of crime, and promote safety. we pledge to protect individual rights and safeguard property for our students, faculty, staff and guests. we support the university's academic, research, and public service missions with professionalism, integrity and sensitivity. 












a message from the chief












make a report












annual security & fire safety report












complete a survey














safewalk & night safety












daily crime log












bicycle & mobility device registration












sexual assault, relationship violence & stalking





















text-to-911












annual ab 481 public comment forum
this forum will address law enforcement use of ab 481 equipment. join us on october 8th, at 5:00 pm. please click this block (at 5:00 pm today) to access the forum.












ab 481-ucpd berkeley inventory












careers
become a part of a campus-serving community!













 
 
 
 
 









follow us:facebook
x (formerly twitter)
 








1 sproul hallberkeley, california 94720-1199
the university of california police department (ucpd) seeks to continually improve the accessibility of its information and services to all persons.  if you have questions or feedback about website accessibility, please complete our website feedback survey or send an email to police@berkeley.edu.  
if you need immediate assistance with accessibility, please call (510) 642-6760.
tdd/tty users - please use 911 for any ucpd berkeley service request (including emergencies).
please give web site feedback 














powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








