























maryland - grow your business here














































































 










 




















information forus businessforeign businesssite selectorsstartupshigh tech workersmaryland businesswhy marylandworkforcediversity, equity & inclusionlifestyleeducationlocation & infrastructureincentiveskey industriesscience & techcyber & itlife sciencesaerospace & aviationquantum computingartificial intelligenceclean techdata centersmilitary, federal & defenseproduction & distributionadvanced manufacturingfood & agribusinessdistribution & logisticsentertainmenttourismcreative economyplan your moverankingsdata toolsmaryland overviewdemographicsbusinessestalent poolcreate mapsbuild comparisonsavailable sitesnews



search…


 









search…



 

 













  your browser does not support the video tag.








maryland
be moved





customize your experience 




i’m from a u.s. businessi’m from a foreign businessi’m from a maryland businessi’m a site selectori’m seeking a career move 






welcome to maryland
done with the status quo? when you’re ready to make moves in business and life, maryland is ready to move you. here, big ideas can become a big deal, thanks to a wealth of innovation-boosting resources and a highly-educated population. a diverse and open-minded community, everyone is welcome in maryland. we’re well connected too, so when you need to really be on the move, we’ve got you covered. maryland. be moved.






why maryland for business
moving a business to maryland isn’t just a relocation. it’s a reinvention. we’re asking businesses across the globe to consider what maryland’s bright minds, diverse perspectives and unmatched connectivity can do for their business.

why maryland


















  your browser does not support the video tag.





 

































#1
most diverse state (east coast)

source: u.s. census diversity index, 2020.







#1
stem concentration

source: bloomberg u.s. state innovation index, 2020.







#1
state for minority-owned businesses

source: lending tree, 2024.






the numbers don’t lie
continue exploring maryland. explore more leading rankings related to workforce, infrastructure, and more. dive into data about our demographics, talent pool, and more.

explore data







maryland leads in science & tech
everything you need for tech success is in maryland. get to know some of the hottest industries right now in maryland, or explore our full list of key sectors.











life sciences 
maryland has two times more federal labs than any other state, renowned universities, a prepared scientific workforce, and initiatives designed to bolster innovation in every aspect of life sciences.


learn more

 









quantum computing
maryland is home to collectively the most forward thinking quantum incubators, accelerators and startups in the nation working on every aspect of quantum computing.


learn more

 









aerospace & aviation
maryland’s fast-growing aerospace sector is soaring thanks to top-tier engineering talent, mission-critical federal facilities, and cutting-edge research centers.


learn more

 

























in good company
from tech titans to pharmaceutical giants and globally recognized retail brands, some of the world’s largest companies and leading institutions have roots in maryland. 








maryland business stories
learn about the businesses and organizations finding success in maryland. 


















 



jlg industries to open r&d facility in frederick 


                    02/13/2025                













 



pwrq plans 160 new jobs in hanover, md 


                    02/11/2025                













 



local entrepreneur looks to save lives with innovative medical device 


                    02/10/2025                













 



maryland chocolate business catches success with creative recipe 


                    02/03/2025                













 



investments in baltimore’s transportation infrastructure projects continue 


                    01/27/2025                













 



new federal opportunities possible for maryland companies 


                    01/21/2025                













 



governor moore outlines economic priorities for 2025 


                    01/15/2025                













 



maryland renews focus on aerospace and aviation industry 


                    01/09/2025                













 



maryland public airports generate $1.4 billion 


                    01/06/2025                













 



maryland’s plan to boost economic competitiveness 


                    12/29/2024                


























contact us

move hereplan a vacationmanage your business





sitemap
© 2025 all rights reserved





get exclusive updates
sign up for our newsletter



email

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















linkedin
facebook
youtube
x




































notifications



