







antique toys and dolls



gå direkte til indhold.

 

contact |
how to buy |
your wishlist



search site
keywords









frontpage / new items
sold items
about us
currency
links



antique toys

 antique tinplate cars, ships, airplanes and motorbikes
 antique tinplate mechanical  toy figures
penny toys
old tinplate cars after 1950
old robots and spacetoys after 1950
old diecast- tekno, lego-dinky, gorgi and figures
wooden toys
antique banks and buildings
teddys and soft toys
miscellaneous toys and bargains


 antique dolls

antique german bisque dolls
antique french fashion dolls and  bébé dolls
antique papier-mâché/paper-mache dolls  and wooden  dolls (1750-1860)
antique chinahead and parian dolls 1840-1870
antique wax dolls ( 1760-1860)
automaton and musicboxes
 old dolls after after 1930
mischellaneous dolls
antique doll accessories  furniture, clothes pre 1900
vintage doll accessories, clothes, furniture after 1920
old paper dolls,klippdocker, papirdukker
doll parts


antique miniatures and dollhouses

antique dollhouse accessories
antique dollhouse furniture
 antique dollhouse dolls
kitchen furniture and  miniatures 
antique rugs, carpets, curtains,tablecloths
special offers-dollhouse items
dollhouse pets, birds and other domestic animals
antique dollhouses, roomboxes and shops
 dollhouse garden miniatures
dollhouse furniture and accessories after 1920


 antique christmas,paper, games and collectibles

christmas  and holiday ornaments
old advertising items
other tin collectibles
candy containers
antique games
antique scraps, postcards and ephemera


 antique miniture books. agendas dolls accessory.

  


new itemscheck out our latest added items here. get our news first. inventory items are updated almost daily and will appear here on the front page for 3 weeks. be sure to check frequently. for related  items browse the category in the menu left.pages:  1 | 2 | 3 | [next]add to wishlistearly tin toy made by issmeyer germany. boy pulling cart with girl.eur 1.350,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresearly tin toy made by issmeyer germany. boy pulling cart with girl.
clockwork. excellent condition. do ask for additional photos.
l. 18cminterested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlist handpainted couple dancing.günthermann, germany.tinplate. ca. 1920eur 1.900,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresdancing couple.made günthermann, germany. tinplate. ca. 1920. handpainted.wind up mechanism. working perfect. condition  good. (minor chipping to paint) h. 6-3/4"/17 cm.
see also der universal spielwaren-katalog,leipzig 1985(reprint of old sales catalogues).interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlistearly tin toy made by issmeyer germany. boy playing with wheel.eur 1.150,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresearly tin toy made by issmeyer germany. boyplaying with wheel.
clockwork. functions well. slightly restored to paint head .do ask for additional photos.
l. 16cminterested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlistcrocodille with black boy made by einfalt, germany. eur 595,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresblack  boy  riding a crocodoille. made by firma einfalt,nürnberg about 1935. a wind up toy where the crocodille is moving forewards and the boy is jumping up and down.condition is near mint and it is working fine.l= 39 cm-15 1/ 4 inch.
interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlisthand painted  tin fiddler with dancing ballerina.made by günthermann,germanyeur 2.400,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figurespainted tin with clockwork mechanism. seated musician and a balerina dancing  to plink-plong music made by siegfried günthermann, nürnberg about 1905. an early toy in a very good condition and working fine.h= 10 1/2 inch-27 cm b= 8 1/4 inch- 21 cm.interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlistclown on wagon playing a horn. with wind up mechanism and pull toy.eur 1.350,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresclown on a  wagon playing a horn. with wind up mechanism and a  pull toy. the toy is handpainted and seems very early with the construction.
16 cm h. working fine.maker unknown to me. ca 1890interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlistrare early  large günthermann toy. clown playing organ.ca. 1910eur 2.100,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figureshandpainted  large and  rare early toy showing a clown, playing the organ. left arm is jointed and moves when wound up. clockwork toy. prob. by günthermann. good condition.  only little paint loss excellent function.
h. 23  cm,interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
add to wishlistmecanical handpainted peacock from hans eberl,germany. tin plate. eur 575,00category:  antique tinplate mechanical  toy figuresmechanical hand painted peacock made by hans eberl(ebo),nürnberg.
the bird is made in the 1920s and is working by wind up mechanism. good condition.
l.27 cm. interested in this item? click here.  all product images. click on thumbnails for larger view:
pages:  1 | 2 | 3 | [next]

antique toys & dolls · st. strandstræde 20 · dk-1255 copenhagen k · phone: +45 3312 6632






