johannesburg hotels - johannesburg accommodation - hotels in south africa homejohannesburg hotelnear o.r. tambo airportfourwaysmelroserosebankjohannesburg guidevacation packagestravel tipspopular selectionsconference venuejohannesburg day tourjohannesburg hotel accommodationthis johannesburg hotel guide offers a wide range of accommodation for both business and leisure travellers, based on safety, value and service during your stay in the vibrant financial hub of south africa. find johannesburg hotels in kempton park, boksburg, bryanston, eastgate, rosebank, melrose, fourways and sandton.





leisure and entertainment

johannesburg leisure hotels - whether in tuscan style, that vegas casino thrill or having your children live right in the middle of a theme park, you will not run short of things to keep you busy. day & night - the show goes on.




business travel
johannesburg business hotels cater largely for business travel and conferences, with the added advantage of combining business with executive leisure break-aways to the bush or the beach.





romantic stays

sneaking off for a romantic break made easy. you can enjoy a discreet getaway and still be close to johannesburg's attractions. do the whole spa treatment / shopping / dining / art gallery thing.




spend your days spending

feed your urge to splurge at these johannesburg hotels for shopping. shop in sandton city... bellagio, bon ami, bally, louis vuitton, jenni button, gucci, ferrari, lorenzi, socrati, vigano, viglietti. you have to be here to buy it.






sandton luxury hotels

sandton hotels are within easy reach of the o.r tambo international airport, the high-speed gautrain and sandton convention centre. enjoy superb shopping at sandton city and vibrant nightlife.




luxury self-catering apartments

if you are on an extended business visit, consider johannesburg luxury self-catering apartments in studio, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments. designer decorated and furnished with modern kitchens.


the most comprehensive selection of johannesburg hotelsfrom offering easy access to johannesburgs major conference centres and or tambo international airport, to the financial hub of sandton and many tourist attractions, this broad selection of johannesburg accommodation includes everything: affordable hotels in the city and luxury hotels for the most discerning of travellers.top things to do and places to visitvisit gold reef city theme park & discover joburg's mining historyday tour of soweto history & diversity of people and cultures lesedi cultural village dance performances & traditional african cookingsee the elephant sanctury or rhino & lion parkjohannesburg day trips and toursluxury private guest housesdo not be misled. in johannesburg, 'guest house' means mansion with manicured gardens plus excellent style and finishes. fully serviced of course. as an alternative to hotel accommodation and for more intimate and personalized johannesburg accommodation options. see johannesburg guest houses next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         johannesburg hotel accommodation  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages johannesburg hotels or tambo airport hotels fourways hotels melrose hotels rosebank hotels johannesburg city guide johannesburg day tours    south africa hotel guide cape winelands cape town cape coast sandton pretoria and centurion durban and kzn garden route mpumalanga limpopo sun city resort    ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - private travel   privacy settings


