



database managers



















































































































 
dataflex
                          decompilers can recreate dataflex source code from a
                          compiled .flx file in case the original source code
                          is ever lost. over the past twenty years, dataflex decompilers
                          have helped thousands of developers worldwide to recover
                          lost source code. dataflex programs can be decompiled
                          using our service. the database managers is able to
                          decompile dataflex programs that were compiled on either
                          a motorola or intel style processor.
decfmac
                          decompiles dataflex flex.cfl files into fmac files.
                          all of the original dataflex macros are restored, along
                          with all of the custom macros dfpacked in the flex.cfl.
the
                          database managers also offers full-service dataflex
                          programming services for dataflex users. for existing
                          applications, our decompiler technologies allow us to
                          verify that the source code you're providing us is the
                          same source code that was used to compile your existing
                          programs. this means no surprises when the dataflex
                          code is changed and installed into your live application.






database managers news:

c++
                          interview questions and answers:
                          unless you're a hobbyist, at some point in your career 
                          you will be interviewed for a software development position. 
                          in addition to knowing the company, knowing their industry, 
                          knowing their products and practicing standard interviewing 
                          questions ("so why do you want to work for us?"), software 
                          engineers are expected to be able to communicate their 
                          knowledge of their art and demonstrate their skills 
                          on demand. prepare for your next c++ job interview by 
                          reviewing the questions on these pages. use the questions 
                          that have been grouped into 13 categories to test your 
                          ability to handle typical c++ programming questions 
                          and to handle the extraordinary and unusual programming 
                          questions. 
stlplus 
                          3.4 c++ open source library review:
this is an update to the first article that appeared 
                          in the not invented here 
                          open source reviews web pages. stlplus 
                          version 3.4 is an update to the originally reviewed 
                          stlplus 2.5. stlplus is a collection of stl c++ components. 
                          the areas covered in stlplus range from the mundane 
                          (trimming strings) to advanced (directed graphs, hash 
                          tables and file management). 
javalib, 
                          a java-like c++ open source library:
                          javalib is a small library of java-like classes written 
                          in c++. the size of the library promotes portability 
                          and maintainability by end-users. for the right project, 
                          javalib can be quite helpful in providing containers 
                          that are much simpler to use than the stl but provide 
                          all of the power of template programming.
opt 
                          3.19 command line parser open source library review:
opt 3.19 
                          is a command line parsing library for c++ and c programs. 
                          it provides an automatically generated user interface, 
                          an automatically generated help screen and it can read 
                          parameters from files and environment variables and 
                          create files using the current set of parameters. 
connecting 
                          a printer to a usb port on windows 2000:
making a ms-dos application print 
                          to a usb port can be very tricky. this page gives 
                          detailed instructions for allowing your old dos programs 
                          to print to your new usb-only printer. instructions 
                          are also provided for detecting 
                          when the user is an administrator  and for opening 
                          a dos box.
read 
                          a text file into a vector of strings:
                          this is an example program that reads 
                          itself using the stl std::copy algorithm. the file 
                          is read into a std::vector of char. this example uses 
                          istream_iterator, back_inserter and the noskipws manipulator 
                          to read the file. 
                        defining 
                          an exception using a macro
                          define a c++ exception using a macro. the 
                          article includes exception examples for microsoft 
                          c++ compilers, for borland c++ compilers and gnu compilers.
log 
                          all datafile saves and deletes: 
this 
                          dataflex module helps a developer discover why records 
                          are being mysteriously deleted or overwritten. it does 
                          this by logging the key fields and other important information 
                          when a specific datafile is saved or deleted. this solution 
                          is suitable for character-mode dataflex.
a 
                          windows api lookup tool: 
a tool to make 
                          it easier for vdf (visual dataflex) programmers to create 
                          windows api calls.
 loan 
                          payment calculator: 
                          a dataflex solution of the classic problem of finding 
                          the monthly payment for a loan.
read 
                          a file into a string vector: 
                          this small program shows how to read 
                          an entire file into a c++ stl vector.
see 
                          all of the recent changes made to the database managers' 
                          website.








































 















 dataflex 
                              programming | c++ programming

services 
                              | programming | 
                              contact us | recent 
                              updates
                        send feedback to:
                        


















