






paramount resources ltd. |     















































corporate presentationfinancial reportslatest news 











about us

paramount has a rich history of responsible energy development
 our history board of directors leadership team governanceinvestors

proven and aligned board and management team committed to value creation

 news releases financial reports & shareholder meetings presentations & webcasts dividends analyst coverage sedar+operations

paramount has a diversified portfolio of assets
 kaybob region central & other regioncorporate responsibility

paramount has an ongoing commitment to safe, responsible and sustainable energy development
 our approach commitment to community esg whistleblower policy estma modern slavery reportcareers

check back often for an opportunity to join a successful team
 current opportunitiescontact

find the right contact person to do business with at paramount
 key contacts vendor relations paramount roads paramount notifications
search for:search button 










responsible energy development for over 45 years






finding energy to fuel our future






constantly adapting to generate value for our shareholders





















investors






latest news



jan 31

paramount resources ltd. announces closing of asset sale, declaration of special distribution, amended $500 million credit facility and operational and development update





jan 29

paramount resources ltd. announces special meeting voting results and asset sale update





jan 2

paramount resources ltd. announces january dividend


view all


current reports




third quarter 2024







historical financial & operational information – third quarter 2024







second quarter 2024







historical financial & operational information – second quarter 2024



view all


presentation




january 2025
								corporate presentation							



















operations









paramount explores for and develops conventional and unconventional petroleum and natural gas reserves and resources in western canada, with our core properties being located in the province of alberta. 
learn more













edmonton
production ~ 100,000 boe/d


calgary
production ~ 100,000 boe/d


central & other region
production ~ q3 2024 6,363 boe/d


grande prairie
production ~ q3 2024 67,635 boe/d


kaybob region
production ~ q3 2024 20,894 boe/d












corporate responsibility









our success depends on our ability to make positive contributions to the communities where we live and work, to the economic strength of our country, to protecting our air, water and land and to the global drive to reduce carbon emissions. 



2024
esg report


learn more





2024
esg report












careers









paramount is dynamic, fast-paced and unsatisfied with the status quo. a combination of focused approach, technical expertise and financial depth has propelled us to being one of the top exploration and production companies in canada.


view openings









 emergency contact1-866-362-1138



© 2025 paramount resources ltd. 
privacy / legal
created by nonfiction studios inc.












