










home - the logan county chamber of commerce























































  



















skip to content














 
business directoryjoin the chamberevents calendarenewslocal restaurants



























































menu 
homeabout about the chamber chamber board contact us info requestchamber events ag day @ the depot chamber annual banquet chamber annual golf tournament christmas displays hometown market place scarecrow contest parade of lights marketplace on the plains sterling community flea marketmember info chamber contract directory area contractors job postings member of the week previous enewsletters member login trainings member to member deals hot dealsvisit us explore sterling antique shops talking trail outdoor adventure golfing logan county shooting sports complex sterling loop group sterling map local events sugar beet daysrelocate area contacts list of rentals logan county schools childcare providers demographicslinks city of sterling east colorado small business development center energize colorado logan county logan county economic development corporation covid-19 resources local business updates county updates city updates business resources colorado dphe general information








 













welcome to the logan county chamber! serving the greater sterling area






“the logan county chamber is dedicated to support, promote, and guide the business and civic communities of logan county to nurture positive business and community growth.”

















					directory				








					enews				








					events				








					jobs				








					hot deals				





















 
 


 
one of the beautiful murals in downtown sterling
 


 
north sterling state park
 





































 
what's new at the chamber 


upcoming events


 














 
business roundtable 


learn more


 














 
business after hours 


learn more


 














 
ribbon cuttings 


learn more


 



















my chamber app
mychamberapp allows chamber members to promote their businesses, events and hot deals to people living and visiting within their local community.
download now...









ios app











android app











logan county chamber of commerce






new members


































executive members
















                                walmart                            














                                bank of colorado                            














                                kpmx                            














                                first farmbank                            




















                                mead lumber company                            






next
previous






partnership members
















                                sterling regional medcenter logo hires                            














                                simon contractors                            














                                ortheasternjunior college                            














                                district logo                            














                                air med care                            














                                viaero                            














                                trinidad                            














                                great western tire                            














                                sterling correctional facility                            














                                xcell energy                            














                                riverside fabrication inc.                            














                                precision homes                            














                                wickham tractor company                            














                                nichols tillage tools                            














                                pradera dental                            













                                another woman's treasure                            













                                takara oriental store                            














                                creative eyeworks                            






next
previous



































 












© 2025 the logan county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















logan county chamber of commerce













109 n front street, sterling, co 80751 














(970) 522-5070 











info@logancountychamber.com 














































© 2018 the logan county chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site by growthzone.









 

















