



asbog























 


stay connected with us













faqs
why licensure
organizational info
contact us

members login
sme login
disciplinary database



.







candidate resources


faqs
examination application process
examination schedule
examination blueprint
candidate study material
institution code list
cross section documents


licensee resources

examination score request
tasks of a geologist
academic assessment
cpat universities


member resources

state requirement matrix
member boards (clickable map)
affiliate members
international members
2023 task analysis summary
model law (2017)
model rules and regulations
model cooperative agreement


asbogâ® resources

mission statement
bylaws
past executive committees
service awards
previous meeting locations
code of conduct/harassment
photo policy












asbogâ® home » 
                    agi » 
                    aipg » 
                    gsa » 
		
    national map







                     











asbog fg examination prep course now available!
asbog has contracted with an independent vendor to prepare an online fundamentals of geology (fg) examination prep course.  the prep course is aligned with the eight content domains and results from the 2023 task analysis survey (tas).  ...click
asbog spring 2025 computer-based examinations
the asbog fundamentals of geology (fg) and practice of geology (pg) examinations is scheduled for march 20 and 21, 2025.  eligibility to sit for the asbog national licensure examinations varies and is determined by each state member board.  candidates seeking licensure in georgia and utah will have an additional step to register for the examinations.  candidates from these states must first complete preregistration through the prometric portal using this 
link


all other candidates should first contact the geology board for the state in which they wish to seek licensure to start the application process. contact information for the state member boards can be found on the asbog website through this link.
once the state member board has approved and pre-registered a candidate to sit for an exam, the candidate will receive an email from registrations@ isoqualitytesting.com that will contain instruction for how to register, pay and schedule their exam.  both the fg and pg will be offered in the 8am to 12pm and 1pm to 5pm time slots. candidates taking the examinations will be able to sign up and take the exam(s) at any of 500+ prometric testing facilities throughout the contiguous us, puerto rico, and hawaii.
asbog examinee candidate handbook
the asbog examinee candidate handbook (click) is the official guide to policies and procedures for the asbog national geology examinations.  this guide will provide important information to exam candidates regarding scope; content and development of the licensure exams; a step-by-step guide to register and pay for the computer-based exams and select a testing location; and example practice questions to help prepare for the asbog national geology examinations.








	last updated: january 31, 2025



copyright 2001 - national association of state boards of geology






 