









home



























itm games group
homemurder mystery role playing  mystery role playing online mystery games board games jigsaws productions adventurers bookshop blog contact 









the itm games
welcome, super sleuth, to this premier mystery lover's destination - the home for all things mystery and murder mystery! here you'll find an intriguing collection of murder mysteries to challenge your 
deduction skills, including interactive games, thrilling events, fiendish puzzles and criminally good books. be transported into a suspenseful world of crime, clues, peculiar suspects, and "aha" moments. prepare to challenge your sleuthing skills and deduction abilities as you give your reasoning skills a workout and get drawn deeper into each whodunit !
share your passion for investigation. start by picking your poison below!













online mystery games

investigate itm games mystery and murder mystery gamesonline. 
online mystery games







murder mystery games
itm games role playing murder mystery games for 6 to 12 players.  
role play murder games







mystery role play games

itm games role playing mystery games without murder for 6 to 8 players.  
role play mystery games







stage a mystery production
produce your own murder mystery event with itm games scripts
productions













mystery board games  
board games and  escape game puzzles and other things to play at home.
board games







mystery puzzles and jigsaws 
jigsaw puzzles and other puzzles to solve at home.
puzzles







buy mystery books
visit to our online bookshop -
city adventurers solve the murder
books







solve the murder book club
love reading mystery books? then join the solve the murder bookclub
book club













solve mysteries with the city adventurers
unravel the intrigue with the city adventurers, a club for discerning adults who relish the art of deduction.indulge your passion for sophisticated whodunits with:intriguing games: test your detective acumen with our challenging murder mystery games designed for the discerning mind.immersive events: step into the world of crime with captivating murder mystery events, crafted for those who appreciate a touch of sophistication.fiendishly clever puzzles: sharpen your wit with our intellectually stimulating murder mystery puzzles that will challenge even the most seasoned sleuth.a curated selection of crime fiction: explore our thoughtfully curated bookshop to discover your next captivating read in the world of crime literature.








join the city adventurers and embark on a thrilling intellectual journey today. sign up for our free newsletter and receive exclusive invitations to upcoming events, suggestions for intriguing literature, and insightful articles on the world of crime fiction
free newsletter











follow us

     










© copyright 1988 - 2025 itm games - all rights reserved


contacts
email:contact@invitation2events.co.uk
tel: 07854 608314 34 mayfield road london e4 7ja  

about us 
terms & conditionsprivacy policy
 cookie policyenvironmental policy














