


antique fishing collectibles - antique fishing lures and reels



















home
about me
antique lure gallery
antique reel gallery
want to buy
taxidermy
links







indiana lures
early miscellaneous lures
major companies
miscellaneous items



indiana reels
kentucky reels
other reels



items wanted
prices i pay



bass
panfish
pike/muskie
walleye
trout/salmon






antique fishing collectibles.com
randy nelson / 

randy@antiquefishingcollectibles.com 
        /  (219) 242-0804
 "i will buy your 
        old fishing tackle and lures"










antique 
        fishing tackle and old lures wanted ! ! !         
        $ $ top dollar paid $ $
         
this site is dedicated 
        to the fascinating hobby of antique fishing lures and fishing tackle collecting 
        and preservation.
 
member 
        of the n.f.l.c.c. national fishing lure collectors club.
i am always buying 
        antique fishing lures and boxes from companies such as heddon, pflueger, 
        creek chub, south bend, shakespeare, moonlight, keeling, and a multitude 
        of other smaller miscellaneous old lure companies.

i am always looking to 
        add to my collection of old fishing tackle and would be very interested 
        in purchasing anything from a single old fishing lure or box, to an entire 
        collection.  also of interest to me are early fishing reels, fishing 
        rods, ice fishing decoys, catalogs, paperwork, advertising, and just about 
        anything else pertaining to vintage fishing tackle.

i am very interested in buying your old fishing lures,   fishing lure boxes, fishing reels, fishing reel boxes, or any other items that   are also related to early american fishing history. i am always buying, and   always very interested to hear what you may have to offer.

      if you have   old tackle that you would like to discuss, please email pictures to me at the   email address below. if you call me by phone, i will still need to see pictures,   so please try to email me pictures first. a picture tells a thousand words.

click 
        on the "gallery" links at the top of this page to see many examples 
        of antique fishing lures and old fishing reels that i like to collect.






  


feel free 
        to e-mail me at  
randy@antiquefishingcollectibles.com 
        or call  (219) 242-0804
randy nelson
© 
        2012 antique fishing collectibles, all rights reserved.  no 
        unauthorized duplication of any content from this website is permitted.



