



































groups & schools | island expeditions














      skip to main content
    













contact usbook now












main navigation



            incredible belize
          


why belize?


about belize & her people


where is belize?


detailed maps of belize


belize photo gallery


belize video gallery





            about us
          


about island expeditions


responsible travel


trip leaders


delicious meals


make space in your case


bocawina rainforest lodge & adventures





            our trips
          


coral atolls & belize barrier reef


rainforest, rivers & ruins


lodge-based inclusive packages


groups & schools


family vacations & pricing


kayak rentals & outfitting


trip specials





            book your trip
          


book now


payment & cancellations


belize travel insurance


belize flight information


common questions


planning & packing





            connect with us
          


contact us


request a brochure


newsletter sign-up


island expeditions blog


social media


travel agents information


belize adventure group























groups & schools
create the experiences you want with a customized itinerary
 







can we send you a free pdf guide to belize?












































 where did you hear about us? magazinenewspaperother websitesocial mediatrade showtravel agentweb searchword of mouth



















 




create the experiences you want with a customized itinerary







bring your family, come with friends
bring your family and friends together for a trip to talk of and remember for years to come. at island expeditions we’ll bring together all our resources and decades of experience in belize to create with you a one-of-a-kind lifetime adventure.







welcome to our classroom
this school has fish and coral reefs, ancient mayan cities, ceremonial caves and lush rainforests. belize offers a remarkable abundance of  biology and diverse cultures and with english widely spoken throughout the country (a british colony until 1981) belize is a top destination for educational and experiential travel.
























marine basecamps, small lodges and homestays
our basecamps on glover’s reef and lighthouse reef atoll, situated within protected marine reserves and are superb locations for field studies programs. we can accommodate just about any learning outcome and  partner with local ngos, fishermen and scientists to add to your experience.
on the barrier reef, within the southwater caye marine reserve we base from small lodges or experience a unique homestay program on a family owned island on the southern barrier reef.








inland culture, history and biology
go deep or expose students to the widest range of experiences.  small country, big diversity. belize has a remarkable diversity of culture and geography packed into a small area. with over 30 years of experience, we know how to bring you to the right places at the right times with the most experienced guides and educators in belize.









image
 





off






safety and service
our first priority is your safety and comfort. your trip is supported by an in-country operations team that is available 24 hours a day throughout the duration of your program. guides and trip leaders are trained and familiar with emergency action plans for each location we operate and are certified in first aid.









image
 





off







contact us
to get the process started
 call us →  email us →















 visits to the smithsonian research station on carrie bow caye, billy hawke caye and catching lobsters from budge's traps were highlights.
joanna rainer, coral islands





 lesley was fantastic at keeping on top of details and making sure our school's planning was on schedule. on the ground the guides were really attentive and the kids absolutely loved them. clint, taij, byron and lead guide jesse were very well versed in protocol and safety. 
karl m.
biology teacher, l.v. rogers high school

























questions? contact us
toll-free:
1-800-667-1630
int’l:
1-604-894-2312
email:
info@islandexpeditions.com 
agents:
travel agent information 







connect with us



























 


 













explore our other sites
bocawina rainforest resort 
 belize zipline bocawina rainforest adventures 
tobacco caye paradise 
belize kayak rentals 
belize student travel 








 















all tours operated by island expeditions company limited





 











