
 
ik multimedia  - miroslav philharmonik 2


 





website searchsearch



username
password
logincreate account
forgot username and/or password?


toggle navigationik multimediaproducts communitysupportpromofree softwareproductscommunitysupportpromofree software



all productsguitarrecordinginstrumentscreatorspromo



 

×ik multimediaclose


 








miroslav philharmonik 2
the new orchestra with legendary soul
















miroslav philharmonik 2
    




infospecsversionsimagesmedia





   log-in to see your price 


buy nowchoose your miroslav philharmonik 2 versionmiroslav philharmonik 2 (download only)miroslav philharmonik 2 upgrade (download only)click here or log-in to see if you qualify for a discounted versionversion miroslav philharmonik 2 (download) miroslav philharmonik 2 upgrade (download) 

add to cart

find a dealer

product successfully added to cartdigital delivery and boxed retail products cannot be mixed in the same order.

add to cart

find a dealer

product successfully added to cartdigital delivery and boxed retail products cannot be mixed in the same order.continue shoppingcheckout

















play / pause







javascript is required.




0:00






0:00






volume




< previous




> next




menu















< previous


> next













miroslav philarmonik 2
    




software
sounds
miroslav vitous











the most emotional orchestral collection ever
strings that soar, woodwinds that dance, brass that commands and a full symphony orchestra of sounds at your fingertips — all expertly performed with musical articulations for real music played by real musicians. from flowing legatos to animated pizzicatos, from aggressive spiccatos to elegant staccatos, from the most subtle pianissimo to the most triumphant fortissimo and more, miroslav philharmonik 2 is a sweeping vision from a master artist embodied in a new virtual instrument that brings the orchestra to life. it’s not enough to just have good recordings of classical instruments. for a true symphonic experience, you need instruments performed by the absolute best musicians articulated in just the right way directed by a producer and conductor who knows the fine art of making living, breathing samples. miroslav vitous pioneered the concept of a complete symphonic sample library for real composers, and now he has taken it to the next level.














ecstasy. passion. joy.
miroslav philharmonik 2 is feeling. and it's feeling that you can't get with other orchestral collections. musicians familiar with mirsolav vitous' groundbreaking original library know what we're talking about. but if you've never used miroslav philharmonik before, let's paint a picture in your mind of the particular kind of feeling that its instruments can conjure: it's the tension and mystery filling your love story set in the french riviera with delicate tragedy. it's the punctuation and swelling background of passion in your next tear-jerking r&b ballad. it's that added dash of symphonic brilliance that turns your goth-metal anthem into the kind of cathartic experience that tops charts.













miroslav philharmonik 2 is all of these things and more. and it’s only possible because of its truly unique sound set. unlike other libraries, its samples and sounds don't just recreate dry instruments. instead, miroslav philharmonik 2 turns you into a master conductor in control of a full symphony orchestra staffed by living, breathing human beings. so when you call on an instrument to play, you won't just hear a note — you'll hear all the passion, pain, joy, suffering and excitement of the musician playing that note. and you’ll get it immediately (no processing required).
        










and that's why miroslav philharmonik 2 is such a revolutionary orchestral collection. it's a sweeping vision — in the form of an elegant and easy-to-use software workstation — from a master musician that gives you immediate access to a cathartic depth and fluidity of human musical expression that's never before been heard in a software sample collection.










masterfully recorded by a master
made in collaboration with legendary jazz bassist and sampling visionary, miroslav vitous, miroslav philharmonik 2 gives you an over 58gb sound library with over 2,700 instruments sampled in glorious high-definition audio. every instrument fits — they are made to play together and made to stand alone. there are delicate strings, colorful woodwinds and majestic brass as well as brand new concert grand piano, harpsichord, orchestral chimes, marimba, vibraphone and glockenspiel sounds plus enhanced versions of the instruments in the original library.











each of its instruments features multiple musical articulations played by real musicians with the kind of "live" feeling that only a master conductor can provoke. from flowing legatos to animated pizzicatos, from aggressive spiccatos to elegant staccatos and from the subtlest pianissimo to the most triumphant fortissimo, miroslav philharmonik 2 gives you the power to draw raw musical feeling and emotion from every note.
    
miroslav philharmonik 2 retains the spirit and musicality of the original miroslav philharmonik orchestral workstation used to produce countless major motion picture scores and compositions, and it takes the emotion and expression of the orchestral players to a new level of enlightenment, one that can only be called “magic” by it’s creator himself.
    

















… thank the spirit of music for making this possible. this one plays music like magic. it was made for the music, not for the money and not for the hype.
miroslav vitous















miroslav philharmonik 2 provides fantastic solo and ensemble string, brass, woodwind, keyboards, percussion and other instruments in stunning high-resolution sound. its easy-to-use articulations and full spread of over 30 high-quality effects and many advanced features — derived from sampletank 3 and t-racks — provide unmatched sonic sculpting capability that makes it as great a choice for your next classical arrangement or film score as it is for your next hip-hop song or metal ballad.
    finally, all the humanity, passion and acoustic grandeur of a real symphony orchestra is available in one convenient, affordable and easy-to-use package.










spectacular sound
compelling output requires spectacular input, and miroslav philharmonik 2 delivers in grand style. miroslav philharmonik 2 offers a massive range of instruments that have each been recorded with jaw dropping level of detail. its solo and ensemble instruments come with a treasure chest full of useful articulations that go far beyond the standard sustained, staccato and pizzicato.
    











in the established miroslav style, these instruments are full of emotion and musicality. these are not static, generic acoustic instrument samples. with miroslav philharmonik 2, you get not only the sounds, but also the passion of a composer and his musicians who have spent their whole lives mastering their craft as living, breathing fine art.





















every new sample has been expertly recorded and optimized for playback from a keyboard — they’ve all been hand edited and voiced by musicians so they retain that same emotional and musical characteristics and quality that made the original miroslav philharmonik such a mainstay classic.

miroslav philharmonik 2 also contains all of the samples from the original miroslav philharmonik virtual instrument that provide additional strings, brass and windwinds but also choir, keyboard instruments, chromatic instruments and percussion. and, no matter whether a new addition or an old favorite, every single instrument included in miroslav philharmonik 2 is sampletank 3 compatible. this allows for seamless integration into your existing sampletank music production workflow. you can play miroslav philharmonik 2 as an instrument collection inside sampletank 3 with no additional installation or conversion.
    










effortless articulation
each instrument type starts with one go-to instrument — a master key switching instrument — that most composers will reach for when building their compositions and arrangements. this instrument contains all of the most used articulations for the instrument type for use in a single part with all its articulations instantly accessible from the keyboard so you can switch articulations on the fly — from sustained to detache, staccato, legato, pizzicato or any number of other musical articulations without leaving the main instrument or needing to load individual articulations.

    















(of course, all the individual articulations are also available as separate additional instruments for composers who prefer to work that way instead!). the mallet instruments have been recorded using different types of mallets to give you more tonal flexibility. the piano’s soundboard has been modeled to allow for an amazing playing experience with stunning acoustic realism.










instant editing with macros
just like with sampletank 3, miroslav philharmonik 2 provides 8 of the most musically useful controls in the form of “macros” that let you quickly edit your sounds with speed and ease. these macro controls give you quick access to the most relevant parameters you need to easily tailor the sound of the instrument to fit your composition. miroslav philharmonik 2 also provides deep editing capability of all synth parameters in the “edit” page for true sonic customization and advanced sonic sculpting.
    













professional effects
miroslav philharmonik 2 includes 34 of the best studio plug-in effects from ik multimedia’s acclaimed sampletank 3 sound and groove workstation. each of these effects has been selected to enhance your experience with miroslav philharmonik 2.
    
you get 5 equalizers, 4 dynamic processors, 7 filtering and special processors, 9 modulation effects and 9 reverb and delay effects. versatile, powerful and easy-to-use (a recurring theme, we’re sure you’ll agree), these effects let you create professional, broadcast-quality productions straight inside miroslav philharmonik 2 itself — no additional processing necessary!
    














new effects













black 76



model 670



vintage eq-1a



white 2a






chorus c1



electric flanger






rotary speaker



small phazer



uni-v



acoustic resonance






convoroom



hall reverb












plate reverb



tape echo



piano lid



stereo imager










3d room visualization – the convoroom

       immerse yourself in real symphonic spaces. miroslav philharmonik 2’s convoroom convolution reverb lets you quickly and easily switch the acoustic space that your symphony is playing in. it now also comes with a brand new virtual room gui that gives you a visual representation of the physical space that will help to immerse you in the sound and connect you with your orchestra’s environment beyond mere instrument icons.
       











play • mix • edit
the building blocks of your emotional masterpiece













play
like sampletank 3, miroslav philharmonik 2 features a play page. it’s where you’ll do a majority of your composing. it gives you 16 “parts” that work like channels on a mixing board or tracks in a daw. each part can contain one articulation-switching instrument, and each has its own 5 insert effects slots as well as 4 insert effect sends for global processing. each part can be assigned to any midi channel letting you layer, split and perform complex multi-timbral sequencing with ease.
    











mix
miroslav philhamonik 2 is more than just an instrument; it’s a full-featured symphonic workstation. it comes with its own built-in daw. explore its mix tab and you’ll find the familiar interface of a daw mixer that comes complete with console-style channel strips as well as 4 stereo fx returns and a complete master fader, all with 5 insert effect slots each.


















edit
imagine a symphony. now imagine that symphony processed through a state-of-the-art synthesizer. sounds pretty wild, right? well that’s exactly what you can do with miroslav philharmonik 2’s robust edit page. it’s a powerful synthesizer engine with 3 different sampling engines and 10 filters that you can use to radically reshape and transform any instrument in miroslav philharmonik 2’s library to fit your creative needs.










features




over 58gb of 24-bit / 96khz high-definition samples
includes the complete original miroslav philharmonik sound library optimized for more control with articulation switching and enhanced macros
recorded and produced by jazz legend miroslav vitous
over 2,700 stereo instruments that cover the complete orchestral spectrum and more
multiple articulations per instrument with articulation switching
comes with convoroom convolution reverb with 3d gui
34 high-quality studio effects from sampletank 3




4 professional-grade mastering processors from t-racks
multi-channel mixer-like mix interface with 16 channels and 4 insert effects per channel, 4 stereo effect returns (with 5 insert effects each) and a master channel with 5 insert effects
access to the powerful instrument edit page with 3 sample engines (including formant preserving pitch-shifting and time-stretching engines), 10 filter types and 8 macro controls per instrument for quick multi-parameter editing
based on sampletank 3’s powerful 64-bit engine
recorded at cnso studios in prague









seamless integration
miroslav philharmonik 2 is based on sampletank 3 technology. this means that you can use it on its own as a standalone instrument or as an additional instrument collection inside of the sampletank 3 sound and groove workstation itself — perfect for those more complicated scores and productions that require sounds pulled from sampletank 3’s massive and expanding universe of sounds.



























also included intotal studio 2 deluxesampletank 4 max v2total studio 4 max















software
powerful playing, effortless editing, masterful mixing — all at your fingertips
before you even hear your first note, the first thing you’ll notice about miroslav philharmonik 2 is how beautiful it looks. it sports an attractive custom graphic interface that emphasizes the wood, paper and brass textures of real instruments that’ll help get you in the creative mood. and while this interface might be easy to look at, it’s also equally easy to use — miroslav philharmonik 2 provides effortless control of a whole range of powerful features that you can use to enhance your playing or even radically transform your musical compositions.















parts
like sampletank 3, miroslav philharmonik 2 features a play page. it’s where you’ll do the majority of your composing. it gives you 16 “parts” that work like channels on a mixing board or tracks on a daw. each part can contain one articulation-switching instrument, and each has its own 5 insert effects slots as well as 4 insert effect sends for global processing (more on that in a minute). each part can be assigned to any midi channel letting you layer, split and perform complex multi-timbral sequencing with ease.
you can see all the parts using the part viewer on the right side of the screen. it displays the loaded instruments and also gives you quick access to essential controls like volume, pan mute and solo.
browsing
miroslav philharmonik 2 has an incredible, streamlined browser that makes finding the perfect instrument a breeze. its features expandable folders that let you quickly find instruments by category as well as a handy search engine using key words.















creative combinations
you can let your creativity run wild with miroslav philharmonik 2. building layered instruments is incredibly easy: just assign whatever parts you’d like to the same midi channel. it's just as simple to split your keyboard to play multiple instruments. do the same thing, but use the edit page to set the specific key range for each instrument. to play multiple independent parts at once, such as with a sequencer or daw, assign each part to its own midi channel. now you can play each part as though it were its own sound module! and of course, each part can contain its own articulation-switching instrument for an added dimension.











instant editing with macros
miroslav philharmonik 2 provides 8 of the most used musical controls in the form of “macros” that let you quickly edit your sounds with speed and ease. these macro controls give you quick access to the most musically relevant parameters you need to custom tailor the sound of the instrument to fit your composition. miroslav philharmonik 2 also provides deep editing capability of all synth parameters in the “edit” page for true sonic customization and deep sonic sculpting.










the macro controls consist of the expression control which adjusts the volume and tone together for those subtle variations in sustained notes that add extra life and realism. the attack and release controls let you tailor the envelopes of your instrument to meet your exact musical needs. the cutoff control gives adjusts the filter, so you can quickly make any instrument darker or warmer. start lets you adjust the sample’s start point so you can add more punch, edge and immediacy. in addition to these controls, you also get a familiar 3-band eq that’s perfect for those on-the-fly adjustments for tonality while playing.
these macro controls let you customize the library so that it suits your taste and needs. miroslav philharmonik 2 gives you the know-how and ability of a master sound designer, only without having to spend the time to get an engineering degree!











professional effects
miroslav philharmonik 2 includes 34 of the best studio plug-in effects from ik multimedia’s acclaimed sampletank 3 sound and groove workstation. each of these effects has been selected to enhance your experience with miroslav philharmonik 2.
    
you get 5 equalizers, 4 dynamic processors, 7 filtering and special processors, 9 modulation effects and 9 reverb and delay effects. versatile, powerful and easy-to-use (a recurring theme, we’re sure you’ll agree), these effects let you create professional, broadcast-quality productions straight inside miroslav philharmonik 2 itself — no additional processing necessary!
    













eq and dynamics











black 76



compressor



eq comp



limiter



model 670



parametric eq



vintage eq-1a



white 2a









modulation











chorus c1



chorus



electric flanger



flanger



phaser



rotary speaker



small phazer



tremolo



uni-v









reverb and delay











acoustic resonance



ambience



convoroom



delay



hall reverb



plate reverb



reverb



spring reverb



tape echo









filter / other











env filter



lfo filter



lo-fi



phonograph



piano lid



slicer



stereo imager









amp components











tone control









3d room visualization – the convoroom
immerse yourself in real symphonic spaces. miroslav philharmonik 2’s convoroom convolution reverb lets you quickly and easily switch the acoustic space that your symphony is playing in. it now also comes with a brand new virtual room gui that gives you a visual representation of the physical space that will help to immerse you in the sound and connect you with your orchestra’s environment beyond mere instrument icons.









download high-res





mix: a pro studio console and conductor for your orchestra
miroslav philhamonik 2 is more than just an instrument; it’s a full-featured symphonic workstation. it comes with its own built-in daw. explore the mix tab and you’ll find the familiar interface of a daw mixer that comes complete with console-style channel strips and insert fx.












you get three different kinds of channels:
16 part channels with per-channel volume, pan, mute, and solo controls as well as 5 insert effects slots and 4 send/returns.
4 return channels that are used for global processing, like adding reverb and delay or bus processing channels with miroslav philharmonik 2’s powerful included compressors, limiters and equalizers.
and a master channel where you can apply all final mastering and master bus processing. miroslav philharmonik 2 comes with 4 of the best analog modeled mastering effects from ik’s powerful t-racks mixing and mastering suite — the black 76, white 2a and model 670 limiters plus the tube program eq. now you have the power to “master” you final mix without ever having to leave miroslav philharmonik 2!















edit: a synthesizer for your symphony
imagine a symphony…now imagine that symphony processed through a state-of-the-art synthesizer. sounds pretty wild, right? well that’s exactly what you can do with miroslav philharmonik 2’s robust edit page. it’s a powerful synthesizer engine that you can use to radically reshape and transform any instrument in miroslav philharmonik 2’s library to fit your creative needs.















it sports a core next-generation sampler with three different playback engines drawn from ik’s acclaimed sampletank 3 sound and groove workstation: pitch shift/time stretch for clear and punchy percussion. stretch™ (or sampletank time resynthesis technology) for extremely realistic woodwinds, brass and organic sounds — this new technology gets around the “chipmunk” effect produced by traditional samplers by shifting all aspects of a sample’s sound, including fundamentals and formants. there’s also a more traditional resampling engine.
beyond its sampling, miroslav philharmonik 2 also provides 10 great-sounding filters that cover everything from classic to contemporary: you get a famous analog transistor ladder filter plus formant, phaser and multimode filters that all provide an effortless flexibility that you won’t find on even the best analog synthesizers. now you can turn a simple trumpet into a massive synthesizer lead or a mighty brass ensemble into a soft and dreamy pad. with miroslav philharmonik 2’s included filters, you can color your sound any shade of the sonic rainbow.



















sounds
a symphony in your computer
miroslav philharmonik 2 gives you more than an orchestra's worth of sounds — it lets you conjure the human expression and emotion behind every single one of its sounds. it gives you an expanding library of over 2,700 instruments that each have been recorded with beautiful high-resolution sound to meet the exacting standards of miroslav vitous himself. you get soaring strings, animated woodwinds and majestic brass plus a majestic 9’ concert grand piano, an elegant harpsichord, stately orchestral chimes, angelic harps, a kinetic concert marimba, a warm and rich vibraphone and a lively glockenspiel that all feature that same uniquely human touch that made the original miroslav philharmonik such a highly regarded classic. with these sounds, you won't just be playing notes, you'll be playing the passion of the master musicians behind the instrument samples themselves. and because of this, every instrument just seems to "fit."









a key part of this are the articulations on offer, and the easy articulation switching system inside. the strings, brass and woodwinds categories each have their own master key switching instruments that let you effortlessly switch between articulations from the keyboard while on the fly. you can also access single instrument articulations as individual instruments if you prefer to work without key switching. articulations let you really bring your performances to life. in addition, the new mallet instruments have been recorded using different types of mallets for the utmost in sonic and tonal flexibility. the new piano's soundboard has been modeled to facilitate a striking degree of acoustic realism. and, where appropriate, miroslav philharmonik 2 also takes advantage of round robin playback for an extra level of realism that provides multiple takes of the same note.
no matter how you look at it, miroslav philharmonik 2's sounds offer an amazingly lifelike playing experience with power, passion and emotion that's unmatched by any other comparable library.











miroslav philharmonik 2 contains the following instruments:






868 strings 
349 brass 
393 woodwinds 
119 choirs 





774 percussion 
96 chromatic instruments
8 grand pianos
48 other classical instruments
















ensemble strings
right from the start, miroslav philharmonik 2 provides you with a lush 31-piece string section with 14 violins, 8 violas, 5 cellos and 4 contrabasses. a playable instrument of the complete ensemble, it’s a great way to quickly make great-sounding simple string arrangements. for more complex orchestration, you can go deeper into the separate ensemble instrument sections for violins, violas, cellos and contrabasses.
beyond each instrument’s articulations, there are also full recordings of performances of glissandos, trills, interval slides, legato runs and scales. this means that miroslav philharmonik 2 can do the more difficult articulations for you!


play













solo strings
bring your playing to life with masterfully played violin, viola, cello and contrabass. miroslav philharmonik 2’s deep range of articulations lets you easily add human expressiveness and emotion to your compositions.
for absolute realism, each solo string instrument offers actual performances of scales, runs, trills, glissandos and legato passages.
you can play the solo cello from the keyboard for simple sustained, detache and staccato parts, and then use the performed articulations for those difficult-to-create parts like trills and glissandos. this combination of articulations lets you create string tracks with unparalleled realism and feeling.


play





















ensemble brass
want some brass with power? miroslav philharmonik 2 comes with an 11-piece brass ensemble that lets you add weight and majesty to any production. you get a combined orchestral ensemble instrument that lets you lay it on thick — or, if you prefer, you can choose a concert band ensemble. both give you the freedom to start arranging immediately without having to load multiple instruments. think of it as a way to jumpstart your creative process. or, if you prefer, you can also make the brass ensemble of your dreams from the many trumpet, french horn, trombone and tuba instruments.


play













solo brass
miroslav philharmonik 2’s brass ensemble is pretty impressive, but a whole is only the sum of its parts: each individual brass instrument has been recorded by a top classical musician. you get 1st and 2nd trumpet, french horn, tenor trombone, bass trombone and tuba instruments that each come with their own wide range of articulations for maximum expression and tonal color. a single brass quintet instrument provides fast access to the full solo instrument range from tuba all the way up to trumpet, and then there are master key switching instruments for each solo instrument type. load the solo french horn key switching instrument to quickly go between sustained, portato, legato and staccato articulations all within a single part.


play





















ensemble woodwinds
animated and colorful, miroslav philharmonik 2’s 18-piece woodwind ensemble gives you a full palette of orchestral hues in the form of flutes, piccolos, clarinets, bass clarinets, oboes, bassoons, contrabassoons and english horns. a single instrument combines the ensembles across the full keyboard range for an orchestral woodwind ensemble, and like the brass, a concert band ensemble variation is also provided. then for each section, there is a master key switching instrument that contains the primary articulations for each instrument. these options let you control single woodwind ensemble instruments in your arrangement at an incredibly detailed level.


play













solo woodwinds
miroslav philharmonik 2 gives you incredible flexibility and power when it comes to solo flute, piccolo, clarinet, bass clarinet, english horn, oboe, bassoon and contrabassoon arrangements.
you get a woodwinds quartet and a quintet that are both available as master solo instruments. then as with the other categories, there are master key switching instruments for each solo woodwind.
with these, you can have total control over all the solo woodwind instruments — with every available articulation — with just 8 parts!


play





















piano
the grand piano is an essential element of the modern symphony orchestra.
our meticulously recorded stereo 9’ concert grand provides all the epic majesty, drama and richness that symphonic music demands.
with full-length samples, a deep matrix of velocity splits and soundboard modeling from the specific piano we captured, the philharmonik grand is ready to perform as both solo instrument and supporting cast member of the larger orchestra.
the philharmonik grand is also highly suitable for pop, jazz and other genres with its depth and quality.


play













concert harp
add a touch of the sublime to your next composition. registered users of miroslav philharmonik 2 can now download a new free concert harp instrument collection (3 gb) that sounds beautifully lush both in an arrangement and on its own. it's been meticulously sampled in blumlein stereo using 2 pairs of audiophile microphones — a condenser pair and a ribbon pair — through top-quality, low-noise preamps. it naturally pans from left to right as you play up the scale for a realistic playing experience with a natural sound stage. play it plucked or use one of its many glissando styles to make your productions sing with emotion. you get 4 glissando instruments that include fast and slow playing in both major and minor key with one hand, mid-tempo two handed playing and a specially voiced "angelic" instrument that gives you a long major scale strum.


play





















chromatic
also referred to as tuned percussion, the miroslav philharmonik 2 chromatic instruments add punctuation, sparkle and color to any symphonic production.
the classical harpsichord is provided with many variations including each stop individually along with various combinations that have all been recorded in gorgeous stereo for ultra-smooth and totally natural panning from the bottom of the keyboard to the top.
an impressive collection of mallet instruments is also provided that includes a concert marimba, a glockenspiel, orchestral chimes and a vibraphone. the mallet instruments are provided with both blumlein stereo miking and dedicated mono miking options for a choice of two different impressions.











a library with a legacy
of course it doesn’t stop there: in addition to the newly recorded instruments above, you also get a majority of the instruments from the original miroslav philharmonik library (we removed a few of the redundant ones for easier navigation).
in total, you get over 1,500 instruments from the original miroslav philharmonik product that we’ve updated to take advantage of miroslav philharmonik 2’s new sampletank 3 engine under the hood.
these are classics that include everything from tubular bells to harps, harpsichords to choirs and much much more.














new instruments
below is a list of the new instruments in miroslav philharmonik 2 organized by instrument type and articulation. the number in parenthesis is the amount of variations for each instrument articulation. the variations include performances at different dynamic levels, different lengths, different intensities and even different scales for recorded lines.










ensemble strings
basses

4 basses multi
basses sustain (6)
basses detache (10) 
basses staccato (8)
basses pizzicato (2)
basses tremolo (2)
basses sul pont (2)
basses trills (1)

cellos

5 cellos multi
cellos sustain (11) 
cellos detache (13)
cellos expressivo (4)
cellos staccato (6)
cellos pizzicato (2)
cellos tremolo (2)
cellos sul pont (8)
cellos trills (13)
cellos flautando (2)
cellos legato (10)
cellos chromatic legatos (4)
cellos glissandos (22)
cellos intervals (9)
cellos recorded legatos (13)
cellos recorded scales (4)

violas

8 violas multi
violas sustain (10)
violas detache (10) 
violas expressivo (2)
violas staccato (7)
violas pizzicato (2)
violas tremolo (2)
violas sul pont (2)
violas trills (1)

violins

14 violins multi
violins sustain (12)
violins detache (15)
violins expressivo (2)
violins staccato (11)
violins pizzicato (2)
violins tremolo (2)
violins sul pont (2)
violins trills (6)
chromatic legatos (4) 
glissandos (32)
intervals (15)
recorded legatos (18)
recorded scales (4)



solo strings
contrabass

contrabass solo multi
contrabass solo sustain (9)
contrabass solo detache (8)
contrabass solo staccatos & spiccato (7)
contrabass solo legato (1)
contrabass solo pizzicato (5)

cello

cello solo multi
cello solo sustain (9)
cello solo detache (6)
cello solo staccato & spiccato (6)
cello solo legato (5)
cello solo glissandos (22)
cello solo intervals (10)
cello solo recorded legatos (16)
cello solo recorded scales (3)
cello solo trills (5)

viola

viola solo multi
viola solo sustain (6)
viola solo detache (11)
viola solo staccato & spiccato (6)
viola solo legato (8)

violin

violin solo multi
violin solo sustain (5)
violin solo detache (5)
violin solo staccato & spiccato (16)
violin solo legato (10)
violin solo glissandos (33)
violin solo intervals (15)
violin solo recorded legatos (15)
violin solo trills (5)
violin solo recorded scales (5)


concert harp

concert harp (2) 
harp gliss maj-min slow (2)
harp gliss maj-min fast (2)
harp gliss maj-min 2 hands (2)
harp gliss angelic (2)











ensemble brass
french horns

4 french horns multi
french horns sustain (4)
french horns portato (15)
french horns staccato (4)

trombone & tuba

trombone & tuba multi
trombone & tuba (4)

trombones

4 trombones multi
trombones sustain (3)
trombones portato (15)
trombones staccato (4)

trumpets

3 trumpets multi
trumpets sustain (3)
trumpets portamento (13)
trumpets staccato (4)



solo brass
1st trumpet

1st trumpet solo multi
1st trumpet solo portato (9)
1st trumpet solo legato (7)
1st trumpet solo staccatos (4)

2nd trumpet

2nd trumpet solo multi
2nd trumpet solo sustain (5)
2nd trumpet solo portato (6)
2nd trumpet solo staccato (3)

bass trombone

bass trombone solo multi
bass trombone solo portato (8)
bass trombone solo staccato (4)

french horn

french horn solo multi
french horn solo sustain (7)
french horn solo portato (4)
french horn solo staccato (6)

trombone

trombone solo multi
trombone solo portato (6)
trombone solo staccato (4)
trombone solo sustain (7)

tuba

tuba solo multi
tuba solo sustains (3)
tuba solo portato (8)
tuba solo legato (5)
tuba solo staccatos (5)











ensemble woodwinds
bassoons

3 bassoons multi
bassoons sustain (2)
bassoons portato (12)
bassoons staccato (4)

clarinets

3 clarinets multi
clarinets sustain (2)
clarinets portato (13)
clarinets staccato (3)

english horns

english horns sustain (2)
english horn portato (2)
english horn staccato (1)

flutes

3 flutes multi
flutes sustain (2)
flutes portato (12)
flutes staccato (4)

oboes

3 oboes multi
oboes sustain (2)
oboes portato (9)
oboes staccato (4)

piccolos

3 piccolos multi
3 piccolos crescendo 2,5
3 piccolos po 3,0
3 piccolos staccato



solo woodwinds
bass clarinet

bass clarinet solo multi
bass clarinet solo sustain (4)
bass clarinet solo portato (4)
bass clarinet solo staccato (9)
bass clarinet solo legato & intervals (7)

bassoon

bassoon solo multi
bassoon solo sustain (8)
bassoon solo portato (3)
bassoon solo staccato (4)
bassoon solo legato (4)

clarinet

clarinet solo multi
clarinet solo sustain (5)
clarinet solo portato (5)
clarinet solo staccato (5)
clarinet solo glissando (1)

contrabassoon

contrabassoon solo multi
contrabassoon solo sustain (9)
contrabassoon solo portato (5)
contrabassoon solo staccatos (4)
contrabassoon solo legato, intervals and trills (7)

english horn

english horn solo multi
english horn solo sustain (8)
english horn solo portato (10)
english horn solo staccato (4)
english horn solo legato (5)

flute

flute solo multi
flute solo sustain (6)
flute solo portato (5)
flute solo staccato (4)

oboe

oboe solo multi
oboe solo sustain (4)
oboe solo portato (7)
oboe solo staccato (4)

piccolo

piccolo flute solo sustain (6)
piccolo solo multi
piccolo flute solo portamento (1)
piccolo flute solo staccato (2)











grand piano

philharmonik grand (8)

chromatic

classical harpsichord (20)
concert marimba mono miking (20)
concert marimba stereo miking (20)
glockenspiel mono miking (8)
glockenspiel stereo miking (8)
orchestra chimes (12)
vibraphone (8)



multis

brass ensemble
cello multi part
full orchestra live + percussions
full orchestra live + timpani
full orchestra live
full orchestra scoring
strings ensemble 1
strings ensemble 2 + 1st
strings quartet 1
strings quartet 2
woodwinds ensemble













miroslav vitous
a jazz legend
miroslav vitous is a czech-born musician and educator known around the world for his work as a jazz bassist. working between jazz and rock in the late ’60s and early ‘70s, he formed the groundbreaking jazz-fusion group weather report along with keyboardist joe zawinul and saxophonist wayne shorter.
his career spans multiple decades and along the way he’s shared the stage and played with legends miles davis, chick corea, stan getz, jan hammer, herbie mann, peter erskine, dizzie gillespie, stanley clark, steve gadd, michel petrucciani, pat metheny, billy cobham, herbie hancock and countless others. his discography both solo and collaborative is equally impressive.











a legendary library
beyond his bass playing, miroslav is also a well-known figure in the sampling world for the quality of his orchestral sample libraries. his original symphonic orchestra samples cds, released in 1993, are considered to be the first high-quality orchestral library ever released.











these original samples came from, as he said in an interview, a personal desire “to compose without having to pay $80,000 for a symphony orchestra.” ever since, he has dedicated himself to capturing all the human depth, feeling and emotion of a real symphony orchestra for digital use.
    
















as has been the case since miroslav first entered the sampling world in the ‘90s, his success has been defined by his ability to instill a state of emotion in his sampled performances rather than just “record the notes.” the sounds in his libraries just seem to “fit” into the mix like a real orchestral recording, and that’s because of his insistence on sampling each solo player and instrument in their original orchestral positioning. all of these things combined to contribute to the massive success and power of the original miroslav philharmonik, a meeting between the human expressiveness of his samples with the power of ik’s sampletank sound and groove workstation.
and now that commitment to quality continues today in miroslav philharmonik 2, the next-generation of one of the most storied orchestral workstations of all time.
      








miroslav vitous interview

×










*legal detail

    philharmonik™ is a trademark property of ik multimedia production. miroslav™ name used under license from universal sincopation ltd. all other product names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners, which are in no way associated or affiliated with ik multimedia. product names are used solely for the purpose of identifying the specific products that were studied during ik multimedia’s sound model development and for describing certain types of tones produced with ik multimedia’s digital modeling technology. use of these names does not imply any cooperation or endorsement. mac and the mac logo are trademarks of apple computer, inc., registered in the u.s. and other countries. windows vista and the windows logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of microsoft corporation in the united states and/or other countries.
    















×







join our newsletter


get 15 free jampoints when you join our newsletter.
sign-up

















retype the code




(reload)




join







      subscribe to our newsletter and receive customized content, tips and features on new products, software, offers and more.
    







     i have read the privacy policy.
     






 






 



store & service

shop info & faq user area
find a dealer






join our newsletter


join


connect with us













company

news
about us
contact us
careers
press area









ik multimedia. sound better.








						©1996-2025 ik multimedia production srl
				

contact | privacy | legal

ik us llc privacy | data privacy framework policy


english | 日本語 | 中文 | español | português | italiano | français | русский








ik multimedia production srl - via dell'industria, 46 - 41122 modena, italy - phone: +39 059 285496 - cf/pi: it02359550361 ik multimedia us, llc - 590 sawgrass corporate pkwy. - sunrise, fl 33325 - phone: (954) 846-9101





special offers6 this month













































































































































































x


we use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
to find out more or to opt-out, please read our cookie policy. to learn more, please read our privacy policy.




click below to consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, make granular choices or deny your consent.

 


accept all
manage settings



deny all








loading...





close








