


david and maddie: a moonlighting site all about the tv series moonlighting, the blue moon detective agency and the romance between david addison (bruce willis) and maddie hayes (cybill shepherd) plus info on the moonlighting dvd release










































this is david, this is maddie, this is their show and this is their web site.

creator: glenn gordon caron |
site dedication & credits | site map
















 














post your comments, questions & reviews!
 

bruce willis & cybill shepherd as private eyes david addison & maddie hayes


click to add music ("you really got a hold on me"by smokey robinson & the miracles in real media)click here for lyrics.


thanks to the 3,200+ who supported the officialyou guys are the real heroes!



	two "don't miss" stops for any moonlighting fan,the official web sites of the stars:    



what's new & noteworthy:updated april 21, 2015



 order season 5 dvd
      order season 4 dvd


order season 3 dvd
      order seasons 1-2 dvd




new!! the red room podcast. scott ryan interview with glenn gordon caron
25th anniversary of "dream sequence always rings twice" film noir black and white episode commemorated at emmy tv legends blog.
moonlighting silver anniversary at  
archive of american television. also check out interviews and more here.
aol's inside tv: greatest tv bad boys.
fox news opposites attract: tv pairs who love to hate each other.
tvsquad.com lists david and maddie as number 3 on  best tv couples of all time
.
extra entertainment news program lists 20 best tv couples and  moonlighting's david and maddie are first on their  list.
on oh no they didn't website,   moonlighting's david and maddie are one of the 25 greatest tv couples.
australian tv's 20 to 01: greatest tv couples:  moonlighting's david and maddie are  number one!.
msn's tv's all-time best series finales. ml makes the list
tv week's "medium’s gordon caron on longevity, moonlighting"
aol's greatest tv couples of all time (d & m are number 3!)
ew's 25 sexiest tv shows on dvd. moonlighting is scorching!
 tv guide q & a with cybill shepherd from nov. 2007
 time magazine's  the 100 best tv shows of all time
learn all about the bmw635csi here
 tv guide's sexy hall of fame the 80's
dvd's season 5 info & reviews
dvd's season 4 info & reviews
dvd's season 3 info, news & reviews
dvd's seasons 1 & 2 info, news & reviews
 meet the fans who did season 3 episode commentary

tv guide's top 10  quirky tv detectives
in the onion, av club --  10 tv romances for the ages 




need help finding something?  site map
 













 













lunar exploration: in depth case studies








episode guidecover gallery
publicity photos
critical essaysin depth: 1 | 2press roomhaving fine yet?



a wise person once said, "anything worth doing is worth doing well."  no, david, that wasn't you...not a wise guy, a person of wisdom.  may i continue??  this page has been put together following that philosophy -- it's full of the best, most informative data that people are just dying to read...good, pertinent details about all of our innermost thoughts and desires -- what makes us act the way we do...and the way we don't.  and despite what david would have you believe, many of these motivations have absolutely nothing to do with underwear. ~~maddie











lunacy:  the good stuff










red hot photosgoofing offtalking dirtyfan captionsbar breakhaving fun yet?ml parodies:1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5




  maddie, maddie, maddie -- somebody needs to remind you that lightening up is not only something you do to your hair each month.  and you people -- wander on in to ol' uncle dave's page...and learn the naked truth about what fun really is -- lots of pictures, easy on the eyes, not too much yak, yak, yakking, with perhaps a little liquid libation to help you forget.  forget what?  see, it's already working.  and don't you be buying that holier than thou stuff that maddie's trying to feed you -- i've got some proof here that the lady really sizzles. ~~david




 






sublunary world: the water cooler





blue moon staffdipesto's diaryeavesdroppingspy on bosses


for all you 'shippers, just like me.this is the place where you need to be.to get the scoop on all i know,click this button, and away we~~agnes

special fans

ml fans at cybill's soho showml fans at callender'sml fans at l.a. museumsteph manfrediwriters of virtual moonlightingnadine muthbrian m & diane d



 





lunar resources:  further investigations




links: other sites of notegeek feature: easter eggsmoonlighting quiz


i have completed my assigned task of gathering the exact specifications on all the internet locations where an individual should go if they are looking to perform investigatory research on the blue moon detective agency and my profoundly generous, intelligent, and entertaining bosses, miss hayes and mr. addison. ~~bert
in-depth articles & interviews: television chronicle | glenn caron |
gerald finnerman 1 · 2 | dave grayson | ron osborn



 
 
 





full moon: site exclusives





scenes we never got to see i | iiwomen writers:
karen hall | kerry ehrin | debra frankmeeting bruce willis 2003 | 2004glenn caron interviews 2002 | 2004dan fitzpatrick &jonathan ames interviewcybill shepherd interviewcurtis armstrong interview
click here for










multimedia



















virtualmoonlighting.com first  music video.



virtualmoonlighting.com second  music video.



moonlighting theme music video.





also check out more misc video clips & award show clips

(thanks to natascha from the netherlandsaka tazmania for the jarreau video.)












 




gazing at the moon








with interviews, video clips, photos, articles, and fan comments.







dream analysisif freud were around, he'd be checking this out. especially when he finds out nearly everything here relates to s-e-x.  intrigued now?  so am i.     ~~david






 
 


 







site update notification









to receive an email whenever this site updates, enter your name and email address:




name: 




email: 


 												
												




subscribe     												
												unsubscribe



update service administered by bravenet








 












 


all text written and interviews posted are the work of the editors of davidandmaddie.com ©2002-2007, cindy klauss & diane hopkins
unless otherwise credited.  junior editor: stephanie manfredi. all rights reserved.

this is a fan site solely for entertainment purposes. no copyright infringement
is intended and no money is being made from the use of these characters. this
site, its operator, and any content contained on this site relating to
"moonlighting" are not authorized by abc television, abc circle pictures,
picturemaker productions, inc., nor by anyone associated with those
organizations. this site is unofficial and is in no way affiliated with glenn
gordon caron, cybill shepherd or bruce willis (don't we wish!)
fair use notice: this site is operated under the assumption that this not-for-profit use on the web constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. all photos, video clips and information taken from selected videos, books, magazines and internet resources are for entertainment and educational purposes only.

we appreciate all outside links to this web site. if you would like to link to this site, please do so by linking to http://www.davidandmaddie.com. please do not directly link to any video, audio, or image/picture files on this site. that puts unnecessary demands on our server and is considered discourteous and unprofessional.
e-mail: webmaster@davidandmaddie.com












moonlighting web ring




 [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ] 










© 2002-2009. all rights reserved. cyber sytes, inc.






