







humane society of genesee county – adopting a pet























































































 





















adopt

process
cats
dogs
other animals


services

surrender
cruelty complaints
owner request euthanasia


give

ways to give
online donation
sponsor a cage
garden of reflection
community partnerships
fundraising
sponsor an event
animal supplies


 
 human society of genesee county

volunteer

training
volunteer jobs
testimonials
volunteer login
volunteer application


community

events
birthday parties
humane education
think pawsitive
furry tales
service saturdays


about

history
board of directors
annual report
contact
newsletter


 
















homepage




 







 








we are looking at replacing the nearly 30 year old cat cages in our two cat rooms, tabby town and kitty city, with cat condos.the attached video explains the reasoning behind the change and the solution that we are exploring.please consider making a donation today to assist us in completing this project.thank you for your continued support. 







 
make a donation
















 




we are looking at replacing the nearly 30 year old cat cages in our two cat rooms, tabby town and kitty city, with cat condos.the attached video explains the reasoning behind the change and the solution that we are exploring.please consider making a donation today to assist us in completing this project.thank you for your continued support. 







 
make a donation















the humane society of genesee county 



our mission is to provide shelter and adoption of companion animals, reduce overpopulation, extend humane education, prevent cruelty, and provide those services that promote the goals and polices of the humane society of genesee county. the hsgc’s focus remains on the companion animals of genesee county. we are committed to treating all animals and people with dignity and respect. we will provide the best possible humane treatment of animals in our care until we are able to locate their forever homes.below are some of the animals available for viewing at hsgc.  











adoptions 



animal adoption is the heart of what we do at hsgc. our goal is to connect people and animals so they can share their lives together. this is how we make it all happen. view our currently housed animals available for adoption by clicking the “adopt” button for the animal type your are interested in adopting below. 
















 

cats 
open your arms and your home to one of our many cats at hsgc

											adopt										







 

dogs 
open your arms and your home to one of our many dogs at hsgc. 

											adopt										







 

other animals 
lots of critters stay at the hsgc until they are adopted. 

											adopt										


















get the latest news from hsgc! 



stay up to date on all the exciting happenings at hsgc! sign up for our happy tails newsletter, delivered right to your inbox. 






yes! i want the hsgc newsletter!















get involved 











 











we love pets 



dedicated staff and volunteers work 365 days a year to care for the animals of hsgc. learn how to get involved today. 






learn more



















 


















our 2023 community impact 

















0


adoptions












0


spay/neutured animals












0


cruelty complaints









 



 






0


lost pets returned





 







from january 1, 2023-december 31, 2023. 











support provided by 













  


  


  


  


  


  














we exist to raise awareness for the protection and adoption of companion animals.  see what a difference you can make by being a supporter of the humane society of genesee county.  click here to learn how you can support the humane society of genesee county. 



visit the hsgc 





























get directions to the hsgc














call the hsgc














hours and contact form






























 




 


 
(810) 744-0511
info@geneseehumane.org
g-3325 s. dort hwy.
burton, mi 48529

follow us 





 

			            humane society of genesee county © 2025. all rights reserved.
            







interested in contributing to the hsgc?


make a donation				

x










































