



 








custom home builder in wisconsin | mastercraft builders
































































































jbisceglia@mchomebuildersllc.com(262) 654-1220

home
about
price your home
find your ready home
find your lot
floor plans

one-story floor plans
two-story floor plans
two-family floor plans
standard features
gallery


communities

stonegate
hidden prairie


blog & articles
contact


search



start typing and press enter to search  






 

 




home
about
price your home
find your ready home
find your lot
floor plans

one-story floor plans
two-story floor plans
two-family floor plans
standard features
gallery


communities

stonegate
hidden prairie


blog & articles
contact


search















wisconsin's premier home builders 
							mastercraft 
							learn more 
							
 


we leave no detail overlooked 
							mastercraft 
							standard features 
							
 


make your move sooner than ever 
							find your lot 
							find your lot 
							
 


let's start building your dream home... 
							mastercraft 
							learn more 
							
 





 




price your home
price your homelearn the costs
 



floor plans
floor planssee your options
 



ready homes
ready homesmove-in ready
 




we are the
masters of our craftcustom home builders in wisconsin



welcome to mastercraft builders, the best custom home builder in wisconsin. with over 4,000 homes built and 30 years of exceptional craftsmanship, mastercraft is a leader in new home construction throughout southeast wisconsin and the milwaukee area.
mastercraft offers exquisite luxury homes at affordable prices, and we are building new communities in kenosha, racine, waukesha, walworth, and ozaukee counties. our expert team has over 70 unique floor plans to meet your specific needs.
whether you want to build your first starter home, upsize to fit your growing family, or build your retirement home, mastercraft will create the perfect fit. in addition to custom home building, we also offer professional realty and remodeling services.
our easy to reach, professional sales staff will help you with all your realty and home construction needs. we invite you to share your dreams and let mastercraft builders make them a reality!


our brochure
 








 




new construction homes in southeast wisconsin


mastercraft builders strives to be the best custom home builder in milwaukee and southeast wisconsin. our new home construction offers many custom floor plans and design options. take a look at some examples of our outstanding work!



 




 




custom floor plans

 



one-story


a one-story house is a home that you can live in through all stages of your life. they offer effecient use of floor space and feature large communal areas. with open areas, they are very effecient when it comes to heating and cooling. discover mastercraft’s single-story layouts below!


one-story plans
 



two-story


a two-story home offers separated living areas so you can have more flexibility. if you desire more square footage in a more compact space, this is the option for you. custom-use rooms are also more a possiblity with this design. home offices on a second floor profide privacy and great views.


two-story plans
 



two-family


two-family home designs allow superior privacy, while still offering shared outdoor spaces. building a two-family home is cost-efficient and material efficient. if you are looking for a home for a multi-generational family, check out mastercrafts two-family plans!


two-family plans
 





see all floor plans


 




featured listings

 





looking to make your move now? mastercraft has homes and lots available now!


 



       6 results      sort     price (high to low)   price (low to high)   status   city   listing date   type / price descending   listing number   open home date asc                        $449,280          30701 jeffrey dr burlington, wi 53105      1               3  beds   2   baths    1,467   sqft        (33)     30701 jeffrey dr, burlington, wi 53105   ×       close                                 #1906535 | house       listing courtesy of: birchwood realty plus             $304,900  (with offer)         2905 24th st kenosha, wi 53140      2               3  beds   1 | 1   baths    2,016   sqft        (36)     2905 24th st, kenosha, wi 53140   ×       close                                 #1904931 | house       listing courtesy of: mastercraft realty corp             $369,000  (with offer)         24321 peninsula dr kansasville, wi 53139      3               3  beds   1 | 1   baths    1,085   sqft        (26)     24321 peninsula dr, kansasville, wi 53139   ×       close                                 #1903595 | house       listing courtesy of: realspek llc          « 1 of 2 »       copyright 2025 - multiple listing service, inc. - all rights reserved. information is supplied by the seller and other third parties and has not been verified. ihomefinder, inc. is an idx consultant for metro mls. idx information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. idx information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use, and it may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing  data source: metro mls    metro mls data last updated at february 15, 2025, 10:17 pm ct       real estate idx powered by ihomefinder   all listings
 




our communities

 








all communities






 












hidden prairie













stonegate







 





mastercraft’s communities offer beautiful scenery and  and a relaxed atmosphere you will love living in.




see all communities


 




what our clients say

 



mastercraft is an excellent homebuilder. from the very beginning until the end, i felt that they were honest and upfront about the process. my wife and i couldn't be happier with the quality of our home. our neighbors have given us several compliments regarding the workmanship and overall appearance of our house.glennmastercraft has been a pleasure to work with from beginning to end. everyone is extremely knowledgeable in their position and extremely helpful. from the start of my build process amber was fantastic in helping me securing my lot and dealing with the bank. dawn was excellent during the selections process and very punctual with the paperwork aspect. jamie was also great to bounce ideas off and if anything came up she has been a great resource to get information from. jim who ran the actual construction was very good at communicating what was going on. if any problems or issues came up he was quick to address and give me my options to remedy any situation. everyone was very patient with me and my very hectic working schedule. i am very happy with the work that was done and would absolutely go back to them if i did another build.foxhead43let me just start by saying, “we love our home”. i wanted to wait a couple of years as we finished our construction in september of 2019 so that i could fully stand behind my review. after 2 years, we have had no issues whatsoever with anything. the craftsmanship and detail are beyond amazing! the service we received from jamie was top notch and jamie always responded to our needs immediately. i 101% stand behind by 5-star review and if there were 6 stars available, it would be given. thank you so much for building our dream home and for all you have done to make it happen. i would recommend building with mastercraft to anyone.laurait’s been 2 1/2 yrs since our house was completed overall we are very happy with the quality and workmanship! we were off to a very slow start but mass saved the day he responded quickly and addressed all our concerns and we have had no major issues at all very happy!lindamastercraft does an excellent job building a quality home for a low rate. i met with 4 other builders and their standards are much higher than those of their peers yet they also came in with the lowest cost.biancathe owner is one of the most dedicated and hard working guys i have met in a long time. his work and attention to detail is above other home builders and the price is also very reasonable!davidi built two homes with mastercraft and they were both an a+ experience. they will build my next one as well. choose no other...rickbest experience ever! mastercraft made my dream home a reality!!! no hassle or pressure- the salesperson really had a full vision and could picture exactly what i wanted without me having to consistently explain. would recommend it to anyone that i like! working a full-time job i was nervous to trust my house with just anyone. but thanks to mastercraft i get to wake up every day in my dream home!briannalet me just start by saying, ``we love our home``. i wanted to wait a couple of years as we finished our construction in september of 2019 so that i could fully stand behind my review. after 2 years, we have had no issues what so ever with anything. the craftsmanship and detail are beyond amazing! the service we received from jamie was top notch and jamie always responded to our needs immediately. i 101% stand behind by 5 star review and if there were 6 stars available, it would be given. thank you so much for building our dream home and for all you have done to make it happen. i would recommend building with mastercraft to anyone.scotti had a wonderful experience with mastercraft builders. i am writing this review almost two years post construction. intentionally, i waited to leave this review. in two years, i have not had any issues post construction. in a new home, ``typically`` issues do not present until post construction. post construction, it is extremely difficult to get most builders to return to address issues. this was not the case with mastercraft. they did it right the first time! if i had questions or concerns they communicated with me promptly. customer service and build quality are critical components of their service delivery. mastercraft builders stand behind their work product. i have built several homes, and mastercraft, builders was the best experience overall. this was my first experience with mastercraft. i chose another builder from kenosha to build my prior home. the end result was not good. that builder did not stand behind their product. if i were building again; without hesitation, i would contact mastercraft. i highly recommend them as the preferred builder for your home construction project. tell them dr. k sent you. all the best!aduwe had a good experience with mastercraft when we built our home last year. chris was very cooperative and patient with us as we struggled to make our decisions regarding the particular model and details of the home we wanted to build. he knew that we had a unique piece of property and assured us that the model we chose would fit perfectly on that property. we had never gone through the new construction process before and were apprehensive as we had heard it could be a frustrating experience. in the end we can say the issues were minimal and our home is absolutely gorgeous. we get endless compliments and would do it again without hesitation.helenmastercraft was a great company to work with from start to finish. everyone in the company is easy to work with and willing to communicate at any time. we rarely went more than 24 hours without a response. they allowed us to use our style and make the house design ours and the results are beautiful. we did not build in a subdivision but the mastercraft team made the entire process run smoothly despite our lot being very rural. working with chris was a great experience as we walked through the initial design and sales process. dawn made the selection process very organized and easy to handle despite the huge amount of decisions we needed to make. she was always available to answer questions and provided detailed info for every loan draw. the building process went smoothly and we had constant communication from jim our expediter. the contractors that came into the house did excellent work and stayed on task and didn't mind when we would stop by throughout the day. any issues that came up were handled quickly and professionally. overall, the value and quality we found with mc was unmatched. we went through two other builders prior to working with mc and while that was stressful we are so thankful we finally landed with mc. they are an upfront and honest group and you will not be left questioning the finances, plans, schedule, etc. our new home is beautiful and exactly the way we planned it. thank you mc team for finally making our visions come to life!!lindsey
 









 








 








 








 








 








 



 





we will make your dream come truewe are focused on sustainable business that delivers the best possible project results.
 



contact us
 










areas we service


mastercraft wants to make your custom home dreams come true!



 






belgium, ozaukee
big bend
brighton, kenosha
bristol, kenosha
brookfield, waukesha
burlington, racine
caledonia, racine
cedarburg, ozaukee
delafield, waukesha
dover, racine
eagle, waukesha
franklin, milwaukee
fredonia, ozaukee
genesee, waukesha
germantown, washington
grafton, ozaukee
hartford, washington
hartland, waukesha
jackson, washington
kenosha, kenosha



 






lannon, waukesha
menomonee falls, waukesha
mequon, ozaukee
merton, waukesha
mount pleasant, racine
mukwonago, waukesha
muskego, waukesha
new berlin, waukesha
north prairie, waukesha
norway, racine
oak creek, milwaukee
oconomowoc, waukesha
pewaukee, waukesha
pleasant prairie, kenosha
polk, washington
port washington, ozaukee
racine, racine
randall, kenosha
raymond, racine
richfield, washington



 






rochester, racine
salem, kenosha
silver lake, kenosha
slinger, washington
somers, kenosha
sturtevant, racine
summit, waukesha
sussex, waukesha
trenton, washington
twin lakes, kenosha
union grove, racine
vernon, waukesha
wales, waukesha
waterford, racine
waukesha, waukesha
west bend, washington
wheatland, kenosha
yorkville, racine



 










mastercraft builders mastercraft builders strives to be the best custom home builder in milwaukee and southeast wisconsin.





facebook





twitter





google





instagram







linksdcma notice
privacy policy



contact 


(262) 654-1220


jamie@mastercraftbuilders.com


5008 green bay rd
kenosha, wi 53144



business hours 


mon-fri7:30am-4:30pm (or by appt)
sat-sunclosed (or by appt)



 

 






			        							© 2025 mastercraft builders. website development powered by the gratzi, inc. 






 
       






























