


















new home builder illinois | airhart construction | new homes chicagoland | airhart construction






























































      skip to main content
    









630-293-3000
call for brochures











“airhart construction – celebrating 60 years building homes!”













main navigation


available homes


quick deliveries


proposed construction




locations


custom homes


gallery


videos


home tours


behind the walls 2018 warrenville


behind the walls 2022 st. charles


home tips


building on your lot




news


contact




 

 

630-293-3000












































about us
"building a better tomorrow"
our philosophy is simple
award-winning chicago area builder: for more than 60 years, airhart construction has been building superior quality homes throughout dupage and kane counties in illinois. we’ve made it our practice to listen to our clients’ needs and deliver on their desires. to provide creative solutions to our homeowners. to construct top quality homes. to offer first-rate personal attention. and, we are committed to remaining attentive and responsive to our clients. we invite you to stop in and find out for yourself.










what sets us apart


our construction team
our construction team has the experience, knowledge, and professionalism you expect and ensure your home is built with the highest levels of craftsmanship and the attention to detail that your investment deserves.



our sales team
our sales team spends the time you deserve to better understand the goals you have for your new home. we'll help you navigate through all phases of the decision-making process.



our pricing & estimating team
our pricing and estimating team constantly evaluates products and services to ensure that you get the greatest value on the homes we build.



our design team
our design team is constantly evaluating the homes we build and the products we use to make sure the homes we build meet the modern demands of everyday life and have the spaces to make your life easier and more enjoyable.



our selection & homeowner relations team
our selection and homeowner relations team will work with you through the decision-making process on the finishing details of your home and will be your go-to-person during the construction of your home.

 







cavalcade home october occupancy







why choose us as your custom builder







building is better
family owned & operated since 1964
					experienced new home experts
from sales consultants to construction experts, our team offers decades of valuable knowledge to help you through every step of the process.
on staff architect
allows you to customize your home to meet your needs.
design specialist
expert designer to help personalize your home to suit your style, while incorporating the latest design trends & new product developments.
homeowner construction representative
personally works with you throughout the construction process.
experienced construction staff
our team ensures that your home is built with the highest attention to detail.
service representative
ensures you will receive the service you deserve after you have moved in.
home warranty
offers you peace of mind and protects the investment you have made.








buying new is better
designed specifically for you

everything is new
you are the first to use the home
updated finishes & latest design trends

new means no costly repairs

extensive home warranty
new high-efficiency furnace & air conditioner
new plumbing fixtures and water heaters
new electrical systems designed for modern needs
new roof & durable, low-maintenance exteriors
water proofed foundations

designed for modern lifestyle

open designs built for your lifestyle
well appointed kitchens designed for function & entertainment
flexible spaces to adapt with your changing lifestyle
large windows for an abundance of natural light
expansive storage

low maintenance living

long-lasting products chosen with reliability in mind
durable, easy-care interior finishes
designed with latest technology for easy living
durable exterior materials protect your investment

energy efficient designs lower usage & costs

96% efficient furnaces
14 seer air conditioners
energy recovery ventilation brings in fresh air & exhausts stale air
pella low-e argon gas filled windows
cellulose insulation for superior energy efficiency & sound deadening











life is easier
a name you can trust

a reputation built over 60 years of standing behind our homes
building products chosen for quality, durability, value & strength
building with integrity and providing superior service since 1964

superior construction materials & specifications

products chosen to protect your investment
water proofed foundations
all wood sheathing on exterior walls, floors and roofs
cellulose insulation for superior energy efficiency and sound deadening
tyvek drainage wrap
advanced air sealing practices

durable long-lasting exterior components

james hardie fiber cement siding
pella low-e aluminum or vinyl clad windows
factory finishes on aluminum soffit, fascia, and gutters
steel and fiberglass exterior doors
gaf timberline lifetime high-definition shingles offering value & performance

healthy home

energy recovery ventilation for healthy indoor air
5 inch merv 11 air filter on furnace
all exhausts vented to exterior
energy seal 1 & 2 to prevent unwanted drafts and air infiltration
advanced water infiltration protection
healthy non-toxic building materials used










contact us
sales information for all locations can be obtained at our harrison model home and sales office in munhall glenn.
please call us at 630-293-3000, or visit us at
1572 dempsey drive, st. charles, il, 60174.
open: friday, saturday (10-5),
and sunday (12-5), or by appointment.
  contact us by email.





 




























footer menu


home


quick deliveries


locations


privacy policy


accessibility


sitemap


contact




© 2018 airhart construction. all rights reserved. | warrenville, il web design by anttix, inc.















































