




kendrick astro instruments - dew removal, imaging power, power packs, observer tent, solar filters, focus masks, usb hub,cord management solutions















 








dew removal


what do i need...how do i choose?
                    if you are new to purchasing a dew control system, you will find this
                    link useful in helping you to make an informed decision.
                    

controllers


dual channel - 4-port, two channel control.



dewminator - 4 channel, full-feature



digifire fx-pro - 4 channel, full-feature, temperature sensing.



premier - precise, temperature sensing, dewpoint & remote control.



premier heaters
                    our top of the line heaters. all season performance.power when you need it!

              

newtonian heaters
                    heaters for secondary mirrors and primary mirrors on
                    dobs and newtonian telescopes.
                    
ritchey chretien heaters
                    heaters for secondary mirrors and primary mirrors
                    on rc telescopes.
                    
finder heaters
                    telrads, rigel
                    quick finder and optical finders							 
                    
laptop computer heaters
                    this insulated pad heater is useful for anyone requiring a
                    warm flat surface to heat other devices or items as well.							
                    
dewcaps (dew shield)
                    flexible dewcaps for many size scopes.
                    very portable.
                    
surgical microscope eyepiece heaters
                    a cure for the problem of moisture condensing on
                    surgical microscope eyepieces
                    
dew remover testimonials
                    read what our customers say about our dew remover systems.
                



power solutions


portable (battery) power

power packs
standard 7.5 & 18 ah power pack
dual and quad power pack
15/18/24/48 volt dual & quad power pack


inverters & converters
120 volt to 12 volt converter
hand-held digital voltmeter


power accessories
battery accessories
battery bags


battery chargers
.750 amp charger
1.25 amp charger
5 amp charger
euro chargers


replacement batteries
18 amp hour battery
33 amp hour battery



ac-dc power supply
these plug into household ac power and
                        output 12vdc (nominal 12.9-13.8v) used
                        by most electronic astronomy devices,
                        including dew heaters, mounts, ccd
                        cameras, focuser motors, etc. 5/10/25
                        amp models available.
                    




power distribution

power panels
top quality connector panel
                            for astrophotographers
                        


epacks and accessories
connector interface
                            for battery connected astro
                            accessories
                        


power cables


telescope power cords


inverter upgrade


dslr camera dc battery adapters




12v usb hubs
solar filters


visual solar filters
baader solar filters with built in solar finder
visual solar filters (classic ring style)

visual solar filters for binoculars
                    filters that will fit a wide range of binos
                    
sun finder for solar telescopes
                    makes locating and centering the
                    sun in your eyepiece a cinch!
                

additional information
                    how to choose the correct size filter
                    care and cleaning



focus masks
everything else


dental applications
                    warm intra-oral dental mirrors quickly
                    and to a safe, comfortable temperature.
                    
optics applications							
                    keep your lenses at a user defined
                    fixed temperature.
                    
electronics
                    heaters for hand controls, laptop
                    computers, data recording meters.
                    
clearance
                    bargains on some overstock and discontined products.
                    



legacy



observer tent


discontinued dew controllers


laser collimators




helpful links
contact/faq


contact information
                    contact kendrick asto instruments
                    
dealers
                    locate a kendrick dealer near you
                    
email subscriptions
                    subscripe to email notifications
                    about new products and news
                











prices are canadian (can) dollars. for non-canadian orders,the exchange rate will be determined by your credit card companyor financial institution when your order is processed. us prices are approximations based on the average exchange rate of the day.





















 
kendrick astro instruments


welcome to kendrick astro instruments. 
     
all new lithium iron phosphate (lifepo4) portable power pack
astronomers have loved kendrick portable power packs for decades, thanks to their compact and rugged design. now, our lithium models have 3 mores times the useable capicity but less than 1/2 the weight of our 33amp hour legacy model. imagine, being able to have enough power to last 2-3 nights on a single charge!
 
     
bahtinov focus masks are back!
hands-down, the best and fastest way to achieve perfect focus for folks on a bugget.
 
primary mirror heaters are back! all new design
with so many types of newtonian mirror holders on the market today, we have redesigned our primary newtonian mirror heaters to accommodate a larger variety of telescope models. this new style heater can also be used for a variety of other difficult heating challenges and as such, we are also naming these "red rope heaters" which offer a flexible generic solution.
 
new everyday lower prices
we have lowered the price on our all of our dew controllers. standard dual channel now 24% lower and our digifire fx-pro is 32% lower. you can also save on shipping when you buy more!    
welcome to kendrick astro instruments 
kendrick astro instruments is one of the most respected astronomy equipment manufacturers in the industry, for nearly 3 decades. 
why kendrick?
quite simply, kendrick is the best of the best. while our competitors are all selling “white label” rebranded equipment made by others, kendrick is the manufacturer and most of our materials are made in north america.
kendrick invented the worlds first electronic dew prevention system nearly 3 decades ago. we remain as the worlds most sought-after brand. we manufacture more models than any other brand, making our products compatible with literally thousands of telescopes models, camera lenses, binoculars, and eyepieces.
kendrick heaters are the highest power (watts) heaters available, and there are times when you will be glad you have that extra heat. our dew controllers are also designed to handle the power used by those high-output heaters. our heaters are designed to direct that heat to your optics without escaping into the atmosphere. kendrick heaters feature power cables that remain flexible even in the coldest temperatures.
beware of brands that claim “energy efficient”, because it means they don’t produce very much heat. it’s physics… watts = heat.
dew prevention, solar filters, portable power, astrophotography accessories…. kendrick has you covered.


 














12v powered usb 3.0, 7-port "charging"
in stock! order yours today!

 why use a usb hub? there are an impressive number of usb devices: imaging camera, guide camera, focuser, filter wheel, adaptive optics, flats panel, etc. each has its own usb cable and by using a usb hub up on the telescope, you have only 1 cord that needs to come down from the mount. 
why a powered hub? unpowered hubs just don't work. even if you are lucky and have a mount with built-in usb, chances are, it's not powered. without a powered hub, your computer becomes the power source and the computer is always quite a distance away. power and signal (data) just doesn't have a fighting chance through those long cables. 
why 12v? because 12v is what you use to power almost all of your devices! ccd camera, dew controller, focus motor, etc. in most cases, a 12v power source is already up on the telescope. this eliminates 1 more cord that can get snagged when the mount slews. 
12v power sources? you can power the hub with your digifire fx-pro controller or a power panel. placing thoses devices on the telescope means that you can eliminate 1 more cord that won't need to come down from the telescope. of course, you can also use the traditional cigarette lighter cord too. 













sun finder
in stock! very easy to install.

						our new sun finder is an excellent product for easy solar finding and centering in your telescope eyepiece. the finder projects a solar dot onto the white target which can be viewed either from the from the front of the finder or through the cut out on the back.
						








new newtonian "universal fit" models
for newtonian/dobsonian secondary mirrors

				an effective anti-dewing solution for exposed dob and newtonain mirrors. 
				learn more...
 
new ritchey-chretien secondary heater models
universal fit - 4 new models

fits most "gso" style rc telescopes. learn more...





join our kendrick astro instruments newsletter mailing list
		keep up to date with  product promotions, unique in-store used
		products, special events and product reviews.
		
 		


 
 








2837 dundas st. w, toronto, on m6p 1y6phone 416 762 7946  
[order] [dealers] [return policy] [contact]copyright © 2014, kendrick astro instruments - all rights reserved







 website currency conversion




    >