





















aclu of florida























skip to main content



















 
aclu of florida 







about

about us

aclu national

staff

board

careers

get legal help 

our accomplishments

shop aclu



issues

all issuescriminal justicefree speechgender equity & reproductive freedomimmigrants' rightslgbtq+ rightspolice practices



our work

cases

legislation



media

all news and blogsjustice archives: emmanuel georgetrump's efforts to dismantle ai protections, explainedtrump's attempt to unilaterally control state and local funding is dangerous, dumb, and undemocratic

publications

press releases



events

resources

know your rights

your rights behind the headlines

voting in florida 

increase voter access in your community

keep kids learning 



take action

donate

join or renew your membership

make a contribution

give in honor/memory of

gift a membership 

contact







donate

join or renew your membership

make a contribution

give in honor/memory of

gift a membership 

contact


































defending justice in the sunshine state

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







2025 black history month: black women leaders in civil rights, science, education, and the arts



protecting the borders of our constitution: know your rights & defend immigrant justice



justice archives: liberating black history



how the aclu will fight four more years of trump



join or start an aclu of florida college campus club today!



reproductive healthcare resource center



we welcome bacardi l. jackson as executive director of the aclu of florida, succeeding longtime leader howard simon.



know your rights when protesting in florida.



the freedom to protest without retribution is essential to our democracy. government censorship is not the answer.



read our blog series: your rights behind the headlines



impacted by florida’s public building restroom ban? we want to connect with you!



shut down baker county detention center









news 





 

    racial justice  

justice archives: emmanuel george 

learn more about broward county black history, with recommendations from emmanuel george.






 

    privacy  

trump's efforts to dismantle ai protections, explained 

    president donald trump has swiftly removed artificial intelligence protections, exposing people to real-world harms.  





 

    voting rights  

trump's attempt to unilaterally control state and local funding is dangerous, dumb, and undemocratic 

    donald trump's attempts to withhold vital funding to bully and coerce states into compliance is plainly unconstitutional.  







latest press releases 





february 14, 2025 

federal court rules that lawsuit alleging racial gerrymandering in south florida will proceed 

a three-judge federal panel in miami has unanimously rejected the state of florida’s attempt to dismiss a landmark lawsuit challenging the legality of congressional and state house districts in south and... 





february 13, 2025 

aclu of florida condemns gov. desantis’ signing of cruel anti-immigrant bills into law 

today, gov. ron desantis signed a sweeping anti-immigrant bill package into law– diverting nearly $300 million of our taxpayer dollars to support trump's cruel and inhumane mass deportation agenda.






january 28, 2025 

aclu of florida slams florida legislature’s fast-tracked passage of anti-immigrant bill during special session  

today, the florida legislature passed sb 2b, an anti-immigrant bill allocating half a billion taxpayer dollars to support trump’s mass deportation agenda.











 


derechos de los inmigrantes 

independientemente de su estatus migratorio, usted tiene derechos garantizados por la constitución. aprende más aquí sobre sus derechos como inmigrante y cómo expresarlos.

know your rights












act






restore abortion access in florida


 

join us 

 




impacted by florida’s public bathroom law? connect with us.


 

fill out form 

 




defend reproductive freedom now


 

send your message 

 





 








search aclufl.org 








get help
contact us
donate







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on youtube






© 2025 aclu of florida





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















