












wisconsin ahec – area health education centers – uw–madison











































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison











wisconsin ahec

area health education centers




search






menu
open menu


close





high school students
expand


collapse



opportunities for high school students
future oral health workforce day
future physician’s day


health professions college students
expand


collapse



programs for health professions college students
ahec scholars
community health internship program (chip)
ahec community health immersion
advocates in medicine pathway (amp) program
future physician’s day


loan assistance & scholarship opportunities
healthcare professionals & organizations
expand


collapse



opportunities for healthcare professionals & organizations
wecope


chip host sites
ahec regional centers
expand


collapse



ahec regional center finder
milwaukee
north central
northeastern
northern highland
northwest
scenic rivers
south central


 



about us
join our newsletter
 






 


enhance your learning. gain community-based healthcare experience. build connections.




wisconsin ahec offers a variety of education and training programs designed to increase the diversity and distribution of the healthcare workforce, and enhance healthcare quality and delivery in rural and medically underserved communities across wisconsin’s 72 counties.
through our 7 regional centers, a statewide program office located at the uw school of medicine and public health, and partnerships with academic institutions and community-based organizations throughout the state, we serve over 6,500 learners annually.
click here to learn more about our 2023-24 health workforce impact

 

 
 
 
 


explore our opportunities. select the option that best describes you:






 





 





 
 
 
 




upcoming programs

wednesday, feb 12, 12-1pm: tick-borne illness: prevention and treatment in wisconsin webinar
friday, feb 28, 12-1pm: health profession scholarships & loan assistance programs webinar (option 1)
tuesday, mar 4, 4-5:30pm: virtual patch workshop: youth in healthcare settings
apply by saturday, mar 8: future oral health workforce day workshop in sheboygan on tuesday, april 15
friday, mar 28, 12-1pm: health profession scholarships & loan assistance programs webinar (option 2)
friday, apr 25, 12-1pm: health profession scholarships & loan assistance programs webinar (option 3)


 



find an ahec regional center near you!
select your county from the dropdown below and click “go”






county selection--select county--adamsashlandbarronbayfieldbrownbuffaloburnettcalumetchippewaclarkcolumbiacrawforddanedodgedoordouglasdunneau claireflorencefond du lacforestgrantgreengreen lakeiowaironjacksonjeffersonjuneaukenoshakewauneela crosselafayettelangladelincolnmanitowocmarathonmarinettemarquettemenomineemilwaukeemonroeocontooneidaoutagamieozaukeepepinpiercepolkportagepriceracinerichlandrockrusksaint croixsauksawyershawanosheboygantaylortrempealeauvernonvilaswalworthwashburnwashingtonwaukeshawaupacawausharawinnebagowoodcommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 














 
 
 
 




back to top

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact uswisconsin ahec is supported by the health resources and services administration (hrsa) of the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) as part of a financial assistance award with 50% funded by hrsa/hhs and 50% funded by the university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health. the contents are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the official views of, nor an endorsement, by hrsa/hhs, or the u.s. government.

uw madison
health sciences learning center
750 highland avenue
madison, wi 53705
 map
map marker


email: ahec@ahec.wisc.edu

facebook


linkedin


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: ahec@ahec.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.




























