





	welcome to governmentauction.com , llc









































































register to bid
login













home
auctions

sign up to bid
login
my items
all buy it now
auction rules


how to buy

finance land
foreign land buyers
claiming your land title
transferring ownership
researching before you buy

legal descriptions
state and county resources




learning center

foreign land buyers
signing electronic contracts
why buy land?

arizona land
arkansas land
california land
colorado land
florida land
hawaii land
nevada land
new mexico land
oregon land
texas land
wyoming land


benefits of buying government land
financed sales explained
single payment sales explained
learn about auction types

live land auctions
timed land auctions
buy it now land auctions
asset auctions


about bidding
auction tutorial



help

faq


contact support



about us 


testimonials
disclaimer
contact us
















buy your dream land







daily auctions







zsa-zsa the crystal puppy dog purse with designer swarovski crystal elements!$276time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid nowsalvador dali lady godiva print, 20.5" x 15"$81time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid nowarkansas sharp county lot in cherokee village! great homesite and recreation! low monthly payments! $201time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now2.00ct aquamarine and 0.83ctw diamond 18k white gold ring (vault_r51) $1201time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now5 valcambi suisse chi essayeur fondeur 1 gram 999,0 fine silver bars$36time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now9.07ct dark tanzanite and 0.58ctw diamond platinum ring (gia certified) (vault_r51) $3751time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now0.60ct tanzanite and sterling silver earrings$46time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now1795-1850 india fanam 0.585 purity gold coin $41time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now40ctw total carat weight small stones bundle black opal parcel (vault_jro) $1301time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now1988 "daddy warbucks" edwin m. knowles by william chambers solely collectable plate with certificate $11time left: 1 day(s) 6h : 47m : 18sbid now


current auctions
tuesday 4:00 pm pstfeature auctionends 02/18/2025ends 2/18/2025bid nowwednesday 4:00 pm pstrare collectibles auctionends 02/19/2025ends 2/19/2025bid now




welcome to government auction!
        
	we are your #1 online source for all your property needs, as well as jewelry, coins, and collectibles. government auction is a one-stop shop, as we own all the items we sell, offer comprehensive owner financing on land, and provide world-class support.
        
	we are a private company that works closely with state and local agencies to find and purchase government property in bulk. our properties have value pricing and always come with a free and clear title.
        
	securing your ideal property is easy and affordable. for land purchases, we offer owner financing, no credit checks ever, and low down payments and monthly payments.
        
	whether you are looking for land for recreation, hunting, camping, off-grid living, or an investment property, or unique jewelry, coins, and collectibles, government auction is here to make your dream a reality.




four easy & fun steps
no credit checks and guaranteed financing for everyone





register



login



bid



buy




register to bid



about government auction


serving customers for over 14 years
wide selection of land types - over 20,000 properties sold
no credit checks - we don't even look at your credit report
guaranteed financing - anyone can bid and buy
low down payments and low monthly payments $99 up
it’s free and fun to win “the american dream land.”








featured categories



residential land



investment land



recreational land



cash sale land



collectibles



currency



gemstones



jewelry


click to view all categories




did you know?


auction rules

welcome to government auction terms and conditions. all of our auctions are online - some are live with an auctioneer. others are timed. bidding on any item indicates your acceptance of these terms listed below and all other terms announced at the time of sale whether bidding in person, through a represenative, by phone, internet or other absentee bid.
learn more


absentee bidding

absentee bidding is the action of placing a bid on any item online that is open for bidding before it goes under the hammer. these bids can be placed ahead of the final live portion of the auction process allowing bidders the chance to win if they are unable to participate in the live bidding. an absentee bid can be placed as either a straight bid or a max bid. a straight bid is for that exact amount while a max bid allows for automatic bids to continually be placed until there are no other higher bidders up to the max bid amount you choose.
learn more




what our customers say about us











this company is straight forward and honest about the land they’re selling and will help you understand any questions you may have. this company also provides you with gift cards towards your next land purchase 
                        through them. i’ve never seen or heard of any other auction company do this. i am going to be obtaining more land through this auction company in the future.
mikey mazur











i have been looking at this website for a while, interested in a small piece of property that we could purchase to access preferred amenities. i have been very satisfied with the interaction/experience with ms 
                        yolanda acevedo. very polite, very helpful, and very professional. thank you.
rm diggs











very positive experience so far! speedy process! quick turnaround with documents! consistent communication at each step! thank you! we look forward to enjoying our land, will use you again!
melissa postin











amazing company, i mean from the beginning to the end, was all smooth. they registered the deed of warranty and fedex it to me. communication was outstanding and they returned my calls and email me back. i’ll do 
                        business with them over and over again. thank you all so much for the show of care and outstanding customer service. i appreciate you all.
anthony











it is a pleasure to deal with nicole. she is always attentive to my concerns and questions, very knowledgeable in her answers. yolanda is very courteous and professional. the entire transaction process with 
                        government auction was easy with no issues.
all elahi











this was my second land purchase from government auction. i returned to them for a reason - i trust them. they represent themselves clearly and keep to their word. it's as simple as that. i now have a great place 
                        to retire to and i thank them because otherwise it would not have been possible. great company. satisfied customer. 5 stars.
kevin carson













owner financing land auctions: we own all the properties we sell!


what is a bid & assume auction?

step 1: place your bid on the down payment
the highest bidder for the down payment wins the auction.

step 2: repay the balance of the purchase over time
all buyers are approved by us to pay for the property using monthly installments.


why bid & assume is good for you?


you pay as much as you like as the down payment to win the auction.
we sell you our land and provide you with payment terms for the balance owed.
all buyers are approved by us for financing.
we never check your credit.
very transparent process. all titles are visible and accessible to you online.
no limit on how many properties are purchased.









we accept credit card and debit card payments
























view auctions
sign up to bid
auction rules
my account




how to buy
faqs
finance land
foreign land buyers




why buy land
researching before you buy
about bidding
learning center




about us


contact us









(661) 823-1543




terms of serviceprivacy policydisclaimer
 software copyright 2004- simpleauctionsite. all rights reserved.













