




the kills



































new album out now

shop
listen
watch 


✕
privacy policy


videomusictoursignupmerch





open lightbox



the killshappier girls sessions ep out 9/20limited edition 7" out 11/8


buy vinyl
stream






watch the videos



previous
















next



tour dates






sign up for updates from the kills








privacy policy
domino recording company limited (domino) is responsible for building and maintaining this artist website located at https://www.thekills.tv (site).domino is part of domino music group, with registered number 03365112 and address at unit 3 delta park, smugglers way, london, sw18 1eg. for the purposes of the gdpr, domino music group is the controller in relation to your data and is registered with the information commissioner’s office (ico) under registration number za384662. 
this privacy policy sets out how domino collects and processes the personal information you provide while using the site. if you have any questions with regard to these practices or no longer wish to receive communications from domino, please visit http://www.dominorecordco.com/contact and submit a "privacy and personal data requests" query. this privacy policy was last updated in october 2021 and any changes will be posted to this page. we will endeavour to review our privacy policy every 12 months.
this privacy policy does not address and we are not responsible for, the privacy information or other practices of any third-party (including facebook, inc., apple inc., google llc, microsoft corp., sk acquisition ltd, tiktok inc., twitter international company), any wireless carriers, our artists, and any third-party operating any site to which domino’s site contains a link. in addition, the inclusion of a link on the site does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, the linked site by us or by our artists.
what data do we collect and how?
we collect your personal information through webforms when you sign-up to a mailing list via the site. we use this information to send you information regarding domino and our artists, and related activities including those of third parties which we think may be of legitimate interest to you. we send this information via online digital and occasionally physical communication methods.
if you sign up to any domino mailing list, we will collect and store the following information: your full name, email address, your public internet protocol (ip) address, your country, the source of your signup and your mailbox status (to let us know if our emails aren’t reaching you).
we also collect information automatically about your visit to the site using cookies. cookies help us to understand how people use the site, enable online transactions and inform our digital advertising. please see our cookies policy below for more details.
in certain circumstances, your personal information may be collected by artist representatives and passed on to domino for the purposes set out in this privacy policy rather than collected by domino directly. domino are not responsible for the data processing practices of these third parties.
from time to time we also collect and store the following information using "miq" at the user level: ip address; device identification data such as idfa, aaid and sha1, location data (latitude-longitude); timestamp of users accessing the website and website url; enrichment data collected by third parties such as nielsen & eyeota; user interactions with our advertisements such as whether users click on our ads and browser and operating system types. 
if you click on any "pre-save on spotify" or "pre-add on apple music" links and utilise this functionality: we will collect additional personal information, as outlined in the "spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add" paragraphs at the end of this policy page.
how do we use your personal information?
the information we collect via mailing lists enables us to tailor e-mail communications to your location and make these more relevant to you, and we will keep this information for as long as your consent is still valid. you can expect to receive no more than one to two e-mail communications per month from domino or the artist representatives, which will include news, offers and information about new releases and live dates.
we may add you to a customer audience group to which we direct marketing communications and advertising via facebook, snapchat and tiktok relating to artist news which may be of interest to you.
you can manage your e-mail contact preferences at any time by using the ‘update my preferences’ link in the footer of our e-mails. 
we use the information collected using miq for ad personalisation and to obtain reporting and delivery of ad performance and effectiveness.
we may also use or disclose the personal information we have collected in relation to the following:  

(i) to investigate complaints we may receive in relation to the site; 
(ii) to comply with local laws including when we believe in good faith the law requires such use and/or disclosure;  
(iii) to protect our business interests, legal rights, property, safety and security; 
(iv) in relation to legal claims and or in the course of litigation and legal proceedings; 
(v) in cooperation with investigations of fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents and/or criminal activity; 
(vi) to respond to an emergency; and/or 
(vii) at the request of governmental authorities and law enforcement. 

all such uses and disclosures shall be made at our discretion and without further notice to users.
if you click on any "pre-save on spotify" or "pre-add on apple music" links and utilise this functionality: we will collect additional personal information, as outlined in the "spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add" paragraphs at the end of this policy page.
your rights
domino is committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. we adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies to protect the information you have provided to us from unauthorised access and improper use.
domino will not sell your personal information to third parties or use it for purposes not set out in this privacy policy. if it is necessary to transfer your data outside the eea, domino will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data continues to be protected.
you can manage your e-mail contact preferences at any time by using the ‘manage my email contact preferences’ link in the footer of our e-mails or via https://www.dominomusic.com/contact (select the "privacy and personal data requests" option from the dropdown menu when submitting your request). you can also use this contact form to request a copy of the personal information that we hold on you, or if you wish to amend your personal information held by domino, or request that we delete your personal information from our records.
for users based in the united states: if a parent discovers their child (aged 13 or younger) has submitted personal info to us, we shall upon request: (i) provide notice of what data was disclosed, how it was collected and how it’s been used; (ii) remove the child’s personal data; (iii) cease any use of the data; and (iv) direct third parties with which we have shared the personal data to do the same.
do not sell my personal information - your california privacy rights
as defined in the california consumer privacy act, california residents have certain rights regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of their personal data. domino engages in industry-standard advertising business practices that may be considered a sale, by allowing advertising networks we partner with (google, facebook, tiktok and twitter) to place cookies on our site, as detailed below in our cookies policy. we do not knowingly sell personal data related to children under 16 years of age.
california residents have the right to request:

disclosure of the personal data that domino collects, uses, discloses, and sells about you
deletion of your personal data that we maintain
to opt out of the sale of your personal data./li>
                
to obtain such information free of charge, please submit your request via https://www.dominomusic.com/contact (select the "privacy and personal data requests" option from the dropdown menu when submitting your request). we will respond to these requests within thirty (30) days.
miscellaneous
please note that where you send us any information or correspondence by any means you do so at your own risk and acknowledge that communications can be intercepted. 
please be aware of phishing emails and schemes from entities posing as domino for which domino takes no responsibility.
we reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice to users and visitors of the site and such changes shall be effective upon publication to the site. 
cookies policy
in order to make our website easier to use and improve our service, we use cookies across our site. cookies are small files stored in your browser which do not give us access to your computer. information generated by the third-party cookies listed below will be transmitted and stored on servers in the united states and outside the eea. for more information on cookies, including how to reject or delete them, please visit allaboutcookies.org
domino uses cookies to:

power our e-commerce process by remembering what is in your cart and where you want your order delivered.
show you advertisements across third-party websites and social media platforms which are relevant to your interests in domino artists. they are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert, as well as to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. these advertisements are served by google, facebook, miq, tiktok and twitter and enabled using the following third-party cookies.
we use google’s enhanced remarketing and reporting tools (google signals) which includes anonymised data collection across multiple devices, when you are signed-in to your google account. you can opt-out of google advertising personalisation by visiting google’s ads settings: https://adssettings.google.com/ 
you can opt-out of seeing online interest-based ads from facebook and other participating companies through the digital advertising alliance in the us, the digital advertising alliance of canada in canada or the european interactive digital advertising alliance in europe, or through your mobile device settings.
measure and generate reports on use of the site so that we can measure and improve their performance including the number of page visits and traffic sources. to do this, we use the following third-party cookies:
google analytics, operated by google inc. these cookies collect anonymous information about how you use our sites. information collected by these cookies is used only to improve your use of our site and never to identify you.

spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add - terms of use and privacy policy:
the spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add applications (together applications) are designed and operated by domino recording company limited (domino) in order to notify spotify and apple music users about new music, artist updates and exclusive content. 
upon clicking the "click here to pre-save" or "pre-add" button within the applications and signing in to your spotify or apple music (your chosen music service) account via https://www.flasher.band you will automatically follow the artist(s) associated with the release and flasher discography (playlist) on your chosen music service. by doing this, you confirm your understanding that the application uses the spotify and apple music platforms, which by its nature interacts with the service, websites and software applications respectively provided by spotify (spotify service) and apple inc. (apple music service). 
domino may also use the personal information provided via the applications and which we collect via cookies to send you email communications from the artist(s), in accordance with this privacy policy. domino are not responsible for the privacy information, or the content or data processing practices of third party websites, including the spotify service and apple music service, and this privacy policy does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services accessible by link within the applications. you can find out more about how your chosen music service will use the information you provide via the applications here: https://www.spotify.com/legal/end-user-agreement/ 
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/

spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add - privacy policy:
this privacy policy sets out how domino collects and processes the personal information you provide while using the applications. if you have any questions with regard to these practices or no longer wish to receive communications from domino, please visit https://www.dominomusic.com/contact and submit a "privacy and personal data requests" query.
spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add - what data do we collect and how?
when you sign-in to your chosen music service account via the applications, your account credentials are respectively processed by spotify or apple music and not shared with domino.
spotify users
domino will then automatically collect some personal information from you via the applications, using the web api developed and maintained by spotify. this includes:

your email address
your full name
your spotify user name
your country
your spotify account id 

apple music users
no personal information is collected from you via the applications, using the web api developed and maintained by apple inc. domino collects your email address directly through webforms.
we use this information to send you information regarding the artist(s) and related activities which we think may be of legitimate interest to you. 
we also collect information automatically about your visit to the site using cookies. cookies help us to understand how people use the site and inform our digital advertising. please see our cookies policy below for more details.
spotify pre-save and apple music pre-add - how do we use your personal information?
the information we collect enables us to automatically add any new music from the artist(s) to your chosen music service when it is released, and we will keep this information for as long as your consent is still valid. 
you can expect to receive no more than one to two e-mail communications per month which will include news, offers and information about the artist(s). if you also have actively opted into receiving the artist(s) general e-mail newsletter, the information collected via the application will also be transferred and stored by the artist(s) representatives for the purposes set out in this paragraph.
you can manage your e-mail contact preferences at any time by using the ‘manage my email contact preferences’ link in the footer of our e-mails. you can also use the contact form located at http://www.dominomusic.com/contact/ to request a copy of the personal information that we hold on you, or if you wish to amend your personal information held by domino, or request that we delete your personal information from our records.





