









home - contego














































































































 






















homea small introduction
products

contego high solids rfb
contego original rfb
rustex 710 metal primer
european industries


industries
applications
fire tests
resources

request sample kit
projects
videos
downloads
certified applicator training program
fire facts
faqs


blog
contact us





menu


menu

 






previousnext

contego is used globally* and has 24 years of documented experience in the fire protection industry. contego protects
steel, wood, aluminum, drywall, concrete, polyurethane and many other substrates.
we’re building and pioneering an environmentally safer place for all to live well and work safely through innovative, sustainable and cost-effective fire protection solutions.


* tested to astm, ul, ulc.


industriesapplicationstests



what is contego?
contego is latin for “to shield, defend, or protect.” contego has two intumescent coating formulations: original and high solids.
when you apply contego intumescent coatings to virtually any substrate you can rest assured that you’ve got the best in fire protection. contego provides unmatched fire protection and thermal resistance. contego is the solution… non-toxic, thin, affordable, a reliable intumescent coating.

certification
to ensure the quality of contego intumescent fire barrier coatings and its support of global fire resistance standards, contego’s managment system is iso 9001:2015 registered and certified throughout europe.
contego’s european brand is the exact same formulation as contego (hs) reactive fire barrier intumescent (rfb). only the name is different.


companies that use contego

 previousnext


   

contact us contego international, inc.
p.o. box 49
rochester, in 46975
call: 800-434-6444
info@contegointernational.com


industries architects & specifiers
aerospace & aviation
code officials
foam insulation contractors
general contractors
product manufacturers
paint contractors

applications wood or wood by-products
concrete
drywall
structural steel
aluminum
polyurethane insulation

request a sample kit 







© 2022 contego international inc. all rights reserved. • web development by unnaturally geisha studios, inc. 
facebookxyoutube






scroll to top

























































