








downtown silver spring





























skip to main content





















events

calendar
jazz festival
thanksgiving parade
submit an event


explore

news & updates
dining 
shopping
hotels & accommodations
visitor information


arts & entertainment

arts & attractions
public art
arts & entertainment district
attractions
artist registry


business & nonprofits

businesses
nonprofits
b2b businesses in silver spring
professional services


about

about silver spring
silver spring urban district
downtown districts
broader silver spring
montgomery county
contact us









styles
site search
sitemap




search


























silver spring downtown
diverse. vibrant. thriving.

silver spring celebrates diversity, culture, and community. bordering d.c., it offers a welcoming environment for families at all stages of life. ranked fortune’s #1 best place for families and a top 5 most diverse city (wallethub),  100+ cultural institutions, a vibrant arts & entertainment district, and unique dining and events that attract part of montgomery county’s 6+ million annual visitors. with $9.5b+ invested in projects like the 16.2-mile purple line, silver spring continues to grow as a dynamic and accessible place to live, work, and visit.







fortune magazine
#1 best place for families









reader's digest
nicest place to live in the u.s.









smart asset
#1 population growth in the u.s.









wallet hub
top 5 most diverse city








experience silver spring
from  festivals to family-friendly events, discover what’s happening in the heart of our thriving community. 










culture, arts & entertainment
akhmedova ballet presents:  peter and the wolf
 2pm - 3pm

 sunday 16 feb 







culture, arts & entertainment • montgomery county • urban district
peter and the wolf
silver spring black box theater
 4pm - 5pm

 sunday 16 feb 







culture, arts & entertainment
pickle ball: free drop-in games
silver spring recreation and aquatic center

 monday 17 feb 







culture, arts & entertainment
yoga at the library
brigadier general charles e. mcgee library
 6pm - 7pm

 monday 17 feb 







montgomery county
mcdot: virtual public hearing
 1pm

 tuesday 18 feb 







culture, arts & entertainment
chess club
brigadier general charles e. mcgee library
 4:30pm - 7:30pm

 tuesday 18 feb 


 




view full calendar


explore art & entertainment
immerse yourself in silver spring’s arts scene, from live performances to cultural festivals. discover the events and venues that bring our community to life!







arts & entertainment
be center stage









shopping, dining, drinking
a world of flavor









businesses & nonprofits
a working downtown








engage with silver springyour go-to source for news, insights, and stories that shape our community. stay updated on local events, business highlights, and everything happening in silver spring.




news centersilver spring ranks #1 best place for families by fortune magsilver spring received a remarkable accolade: named the #1 best place to live for families in 2024 by fortune magazine, and was featured on the today show on nbc!visit fortune featureculturesilver spring is maryland's coffee capitalsilver spring, located in the heart of montgomery county, has rightfully earned its title as  maryland's coffee capital. we recently toured several ethiopian coffee shops with moco show to uncover why this vibrant city thrives as a hub for coffee culture.learn moreof all the things to look forward to, new restaurants top the list!is it on your list to try them all?of all the things to look forward to, new restaurants top the list!
silver spring’s food scene is thriving as we head into 2025! from celebrated local favorites to exciting new restaurant openings, our city’s rich cultural culinary options continue to grow and evolve. have you tried all the new 2024 openings yet?learn more
 



businesspurple line small business grants – now open for applicationsimportant information from purplelinemd about an important opportunity for small businesses located along the purple line corridor. the purple line small business grants program, operated by the maryland department of transportation, offers grants of up to $50,000 to eligible small businesses impacted by purple line construction.read postculture, arts & entertainmentlove, laughs, and local adventures: valentine’s in silver springcelebrate love all weekend long in downtown silver spring
yes, valentine’s day is here, and the weekend of love is just getting started! whether you’re planning a romantic night out, a relaxing weekend with friends, or a family-friendly adventure, silver spring has everything you need to make it special. we've created a guide of ideas for you. be sure to tag us on instagram in your adventures!read postmontgomery countymontgomery county holiday schedule for presidents day on monday, feb. 17the montgomery county government and programs that impact county residents will have holiday schedules and program changes for presidents day on monday, feb. 17.read post















tag us: #silverspringdowntown



follow us:  
 





join ourmailing list
subscribe








event calendar
about
submit an event




do business
arts resources
contact us










silver spring regional office
one veterans plazasilver spring, md










© 2025 silver spring urban district.
all rights reserved.


sitemap
search


accessibility


















