






home - conf-learn













home - conf-learn



































































3016 norma lane shreveport, louisiana.









318-490-1060









[email protected]







facebook
twitter
instagram





conf-learn







homeabout usblogcontact us





contact us











since 2006

conferences and nominations organization school


get started















why choose us
become an event planner
you will learn: what an event planner does and how to plan events, how to develop your skills to succeed in an event planner career, how to get hired for a job as an event planner, and how to start your own event planning business and get clients.





















how to become an event planner
in our school, you will learn how to become an event planner. topics covered in the course include the following:









introduction to event planning







how to plan events







developing your event planning skills







starting an event planning business











years of experience
you need a degree for an event planning career. sure, there are ways around a college education if you want to work in hospitality management. maybe you have tons of experience working alongside your event planner parent or have interned with a public relations firm. but if you don’t have experience or connections to the event planning industry, consider a college degree.
an event management major prepares students for careers where they plan events. this event planning major is one of the most popular choices for those seeking work in the industry.



927
happy students


15
team members


14
years of experience

















discover how to begin an event planning career
read on for a roundup of the top strategies for kickstarting a successful and rewarding event planning career. 




build a strong foundation of industry knowledge.







parlay all event (and non-event) experience into relevant experience.







balance your logistical experience and your creative output.







start now


learn more











about us
finding the right path to learn about event planning can be hard to do. the reason is that there are many ways to learn and become successful at it. you have to find out which route is best for you and we can help you navigate the way.
conf-learn is an authority in bringing you the best options for getting your education to become an event planner. our experts provide you with many options to pursuing the planning industry, ranging from colleges, certifications, internships and jobs.


get in touch













our partner organizations







list and rating of new online casinos playfortunefor.fun/online-casinos/new. reviews of bonuses for registration and the selection of gambling games and slot machines



our partners at legjobbkaszino.hu advise you to choose only reliable and trusted online casino to ensure your safety and comfort while gambling. they also invite you to visit their website, where you will find more useful information and reviews to help you make the best choice.




experience the world of non gamstop casinos with no limitations. listed casinos reviewed by the experienced journalists with over a decade of experience in gambling



icasinononaams.com is the best reviewer of unlicensed casinos in italy.






features licensed slot machines at famous online casino verde casino



visit novecasino.net, a site that has collected more than 100 reviews of new czech casinos. experts conduct a thorough analysis of the brands, and exclusive bonuses make the choice profitable. use the verified information for a confident game!



at our conference, gonzo brzęczyszczykiewicz from poland will speak about the organizational side of online casino projects. we recommend this report for viewing.



ready for an innovative gaming experience? look no further than aviatrix jogo nft based b2b igaming solution! with provably fair technology, gamers can put their skills to the test and reap amazing rewards in the form of nfts, crypto or play-to-earn tokens when they win. join now and get ready for huge returns!





open up the kiwi luck! with the greatest games, bonuses, and thrills available, new zealand’s top online casino is now open. for a winning adventure, come along with us now.



discover a world of winning opportunities at casino pin up brasil! sign up today and immerse yourself in thrilling games and huge jackpots.



need a reliable paper writing helper? click here and order well-researched and consistent papers non-stop! superb quality and timely delivery from the best writers are guaranteed.



parimatch – the best betting site , just choose your best and win





looking for ways to plan your school load properly and handle assignments on time? pay for an essay online and forget about academic problems. quality and custom decisions for students 24/7.



the best reviews on online casinos and a lot of other information about games on the site – casinoreal.pt.



are you looking to meet local women in your area? look no further than doulike! our platform is perfect for connecting with like-minded women who share your interests and values. join now and discover the possibilities!



award-winning digital marketing agency in vancouver offers various services to promote local businesses online. we are engaged in the development of websites, promotion for the search engine google and advertising on the internet.






testimonials from our graduate
our school can help prepare you for the first step in your event and party planning career. this program has helped recent graduates find new jobs or start their own businesses while learning at their own pace.





“i feel with conf-learn you can accomplish anything you want to. with their career programs or high school program, they will lead you on the path to success for your future careers.”




shawn r hein
graduate





need more info or ready to enroll?

contact us











contact info



study hours: monday – friday, from 9am to 5pm







3016 norma lane shreveport, louisiana(la), us.







318-490-1060







[email protected]












conf-learn


copyright © 2022




all rights reserved.




recent news


from idea to reality: the stages of creating the perfect design

design failures: lessons that teach creativity

how to develop a unique style in event organization




quick links

homecontactprivacy policy


newsletter


join our mailing list to get news updates and exclusive offers.



subscribe 












