



illinois rivers decision support system













 

product types



data online
maps/gis
models
publications
research/programs
agencies/orgs
visualizations/video



geographic areas



watersheds
rivers
counties



site resources



about ilrdss
glossary
events calendar












					sunday, february 16, 2025
					

illinois rivers decision support system


ilrdss sections

ilrdss announcements


access to the new water quality database is available here.






quick search
the ilrdss web site is a portal to information related to the watersheds of illinois. our database of web links is organized and searchable by product type and geographic area.


search by watershed




big muddycachechicago/calumetdes plainesembarrasfoxgreenillinois river valleyiroquoiskankakeekaskaskiakishwaukeela moinelake michiganlittle wabashmackinawmacoupinmississippi river valleyohio river valleyrocksalinesangamonspoonvermilion-illinois basinvermilion-wabash basinwabash river valley





search by river




big muddycachechicago/calumetdes plainesembarrasfoxgreenillinoisiroquoiskankakeekaskaskiakishwaukeela moinelittle wabashmackinawmacoupinmississippiohiorocksalinesangamonspoonvermilion-illinois basinvermilion-wabash basinwabash





search by county




adamsalexanderbondboonebrownbureaucalhouncarrollcasschampaignchristianclarkclayclintoncolescookcrawfordcumberlanddekalbdewittdouglasdupageedgaredwardseffinghamfayettefordfranklinfultongallatingreenegrundyhamiltonhancockhardinhendersonhenryiroquoisjacksonjasperjeffersonjerseyjo daviessjohnsonkanekankakeekendallknoxlakelasallelawrenceleelivingstonloganmaconmacoupinmadisonmarionmarshallmasonmassacmcdonoughmchenrymcleanmenardmercermonroemontgomerymorganmoultrieoglepeoriaperrypiattpikepopepulaskiputnamrandolphrichlandrock islandsalinesangamonschuylerscottshelbyst. clairstarkstephensontazewellunionvermilionwabashwarrenwashingtonwaynewhitewhitesidewillwilliamsonwinnebagowoodford












featured links

biennial governor’s conference on the management of the illinois river system
with more than 100 years of water protection between them, our speakers will share knowledge on past, present, and future actions.
2015 conference on the management of the illinois river system
proceedings from the 2015 conference on the management of the illinois river system

illinois streamflow assessment model (ilsam) site
ilsam produces statistical estimates of flow quantity in illinois streams.
fox river watershed investigation site
a multi-phase water quality study of the fox river watershed from stratton dam to the illinois river confluence.
governor’s conference on the management of the illinois river - all conference proceedings
conference proceedings from 1987–2013 for this biennial conference on the management of the illinois river and its watershed.





university of illinois
| prairie research institute


illinois state water survey
| illinois state natural history survey
| illinois state geological survey


illinois sustainable technology center
| illinois state archeological survey

adobe acrobat reader is needed to view and print pdf documents available from our network.
all files and information © 2018 illinois state water survey. disclaimer.
email the web administrator with questions or comments.
    




 

aerial flyover videos






view aerial flyover videos for numerous streams




web mapping



view gis data and create maps with our web mapping tools


gis visualizations


flyover of the illinois river basin


watershed map



poster-sized (26x38) map of the entire illinois river watershed. part of the state water survey’s published map series (2003–1). 
lores  | 
                                hires (3.5 mb pdf)






