








	louisville district






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
great lakes and ohio river division website










®








           home
        



           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           districts
        



           buffalo district
        
 

           chicago district
        



           community support request
        
 



           detroit district
        
 

           huntington district
        
 

           louisville district
        
 

           nashville district
        
 

           pittsburgh district
        
 



           connect with us
        
 

           join our team
        
 



           media
        



           media releases
        
 

           news
        
 

           images
        
 

           announcements
        
 



           water information
        



           water management
        



           great lakes and harbors
        



           water level data
        
 

           water level forecasts
        
 

           outflows and regulation
        
 

           basin conditions
        
 



           rivers and reservoirs
        
 



           flood risk management
        
 

           navigation
        



           great lakes navigation team
        
 

           great lakes dredging team
        
 

           ohio river
        
 



           hydropower
        
 



           recreation
        



           indiana
        
 

           kentucky
        
 

           michigan & minnesota
        
 

           new york
        
 

           ohio
        
 

           pennsylvania
        
 

           tennessee
        
 

           virginia
        
 

           west virginia
        
 



           wetlands & permits
        



           alabama
        
 

           illinois
        
 

           indiana
        
 

           kentucky
        
 

           michigan
        
 

           mississippi
        
 

           new york
        
 

           ohio
        
 

           pennsylvania
        
 

           tennessee
        
 

           virginia
        
 

           west virginia
        
 



           mission
        



           programs
        



           formerly used defense sites (fuds)
        
 

           formerly utilized sites remedial action program (fusrap)
        
 



           projects
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           emergency preparedness response
        



           hurricane helene
        
 



           real estate
        
 

           military construction & reserve
        



           design guides
        
 



           interagency & international support
        
 

           public review & approved plans
        
 

           section 408
        
 



           business with us
        
































monroe lake celebrates 60th anniversary

monroe lake celebrates 60th anniversary
katie chandler











louisville va medical center reaches three-year construction milestone

louisville va medical center reaches three-year construction milestone
michael maddox











louisville district engineering design section embraces collaboration and new technologies

louisville district engineering design section embraces collaboration and new technologies
kelsie hall











usace upgrades fueling infrastructure at wright-patterson air force base

usace upgrades fueling infrastructure at wright-patterson air force base
usace











partnership aims to streamline mitigation bank process and improve ecological outcomes

partnership aims to streamline mitigation bank process and improve ecological outcomes
kelsie hall











louisville district continues to support hurricane helene recovery in north carolina

louisville district continues to support hurricane helene recovery in north carolina
charles delano











cypress trees at rough river lake

cypress trees at rough river lake
usace











smithland locks and dam miter gate rehab project

smithland locks and dam miter gate rehab project
abby korfhage

















u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district 








the louisville districtabout us
civil worksprogram
military construction& iis
reserveprogram
environmentalprogram
regulatoryprogram
emergency operationscenter
projectsstory map




the louisville district is a diverse, innovative, professional organization providing engineering solutions for the region and nation -- executing over a $1 billion program annually. established in 1886, today our world-class workforce of more than 1,200 people work in the five-state area of illinois, indiana, kentucky, michigan and ohio to reduce disaster risk, strengthen the economy, and support national security.
mission: deliver engineering solutions in collaboration with our partners in order to reduce disaster risk, strengthen the economy and support national security.
vision: a professional organization that provides quality solutions for the region and nation with a focus on continual improvement, workforce development and efficient mission execution.
here at the louisville district, we have experts in fields as unique as our people. we build things that matter and use really cool tools. the world is our office, and our dedicated team of military officers and army civilians continues to answer the nation’s call by always building strong.




our civil works program focuses on responsible development, protection and restoration of the nation’s water and land resources.
with a geographic area of 66,951 sq. miles in illinois, indiana, kentucky, ohio and a small area in tennessee, the louisville district manages nine locks and dams: seven on the ohio river and two on the green river, moving an average of approximately 58 million tons through each of our locks on the ohio river.
we also manage 17 flood risk reduction lakes, which also provide outdoor recreation to an average of 15 million visitors each year. our reservoirs help to minimize flood damage along with levees and floodwalls as part of locally maintained flood protection systems.

 



the louisville district supports warfighters through our military mission. we build world-class facilities across 306,000 sq. miles in illinois, indiana, kentucky, michigan and ohio for our service members and families to live, work, train and heal.
the district also manages the nationwide energy, resilience and conservation investment program.
our interagency and international support (iis) program provides project management, engineering and construction services to other federal, state and local agencies. for example, we are proud to partner with department of veterans affairs to ensure our treasured veterans receive the kind of care they’ve earned.
to view the louisville district design guides, click here.

 



the louisville district is the national program manager providing project management and planning support for the construction of army and air force reserve centers nationwide.

additional programs, and support services, for the army reserve that are centrally managed out of the louisville district include a national roofing program, full facility restoration, intrusion detection system, furniture procurement, criteria management, real estate support, fire alarm monitoring, it program, and environmental support for military construction land acquisition and professional services
 
the district's construction division reserve branch also plays a unique part in the process of delivering the robust program. they are responsible for managing construction nationwide—far beyond the district’s five-state military construction footprint.
 
to view the army reserve design guides, click here. 

 



the louisville district’s environmental program is dedicated to building a strong, sustainable environment for future generations. we plan, design and construct projects to restore and enhance aquatic ecosystems, including wetlands. we are responsible for the remediation of hazardous, toxic and radiological waste related to certain military activities under the defense environmental restoration program for formerly utilized defense sites.
for more information on the louisville district environmental program or a specific project contact our environmental team. 

 



the regulatory division of the u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district is responsible for administering the regulatory program in the majority of indiana and kentucky, the southeastern portion of illinois, and the ohio river to southwestern ohio. the regulatory division evaluates permit applications for essentially all work that occurs in “waters of the united states” that are regulated by usace pursuant to section 10 of the rivers and harbors act and section 404 of the clean water act. some examples of areas that may be within the jurisdiction of usace include marshes, swamps, streams, creeks, rivers, ponds, lakes, seasonally saturated forested and non-forested wetlands.
to submit forms or for general inquiries, please contact: celrl.door.to.the.corps@usace.army.mil




the u.s. army corps of engineers is prepared and ready to respond to natural and human-made disasters and overseas contingencies. when disasters occur, usace teams and other resources are mobilized from across the country to assist our local districts and offices.
the mission of the emergency operations center (eoc) is to provide overall management and management support as well as command, control and communications for all district emergency and security activities. we have personnel that deploy each year in support of emergency operations. when disasters strike, we work in partnership with local, state and federal agencies to deliver our response missions. 




click the image/link below for an interactive map with project and program fact sheets and photos.
project story map
*works best in chrome or firefox browsers*

 




















recreation

recreation



see more
          










water information / what are lake levels?

water information / what are lake levels?



see more
          










regulatory / obtain a permit

regulatory / obtain a permit



see more
          






















news stories






innovation for the future:louisville district engineering design section embraces collaboration and new technologies

                dec. 19, 2024 
            


usace completes maintenance at smithland locks and dam

                dec. 18, 2024 
            


usace upgrades fueling infrastructure at wright-patterson air force base

                dec. 16, 2024 
            


louisville va medical center reaches three-year construction milestone

                dec. 13, 2024 
            







view more









public notices






louisville district regulatory public notice archive

                feb. 3, 2025 
            


kentucky regulatory public notice archive

                feb. 3, 2025 
            


indiana regulatory public notice archive

                feb. 3, 2025 
            







view more









news releases






usace louisville district prepares for possible flooding impacts across kentucky

                2/14/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district is actively monitoring this weekend’s forecasted heavy rainfall and preparing for potential moderate flooding across kentucky...
            


fire damages vacant former nolin river lake project office

                12/6/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district was notified of an early morning fire at nolin river lake in bee spring, kentucky, which caused extensive damage to the vacant former nolin river...
            


usace announces new management of select day-use areas in green river area

                12/4/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district announces new management of day-use areas at select sites for the 2025 recreation season at the following lakes in the green river area, which...
            







view more












louisville district leadership                  
        col. l. reyn mann             lt. col. guillermo guandique                    john r. bock
                   commander                           deputy commander                     deputy for programs
                                                                                                                                 and project management 
history the history of the louisville district encompasses more than two centuries. contributions include frontier exploration and mapping, defense fortification during america’s major wars, the opening of ohio valley waterways, flood reduction, military construction, environmental cleanup and national disaster response.
the district’s history is rooted in the role it had in developing ohio river navigation, notably at the falls of the ohio at louisville, ky., where the natural river dropped 26 feet in a little more than two miles. year-round navigation was impossible, and moving over the falls was dangerous. lives and cargo were routinely lost. the louisville and portland canal company, with the help of army engineers, operated a canal around the falls from 1830 to 1874 when congress handed over full jurisdiction to the corps. in 1875, the corps began constructing locks and dams along the entire length of the ohio river. today, the district operates eight lock and dam systems along the ohio. 
the district acquired its flood damage reduction mission after congress, spurred by the 1937 flood in louisville, appropriated the funding for projects meant to reduce flood damage.
the district’s military construction mission began during the 1941 mobilization for world war ii. it built camps, airfields, ordnance plants and training facilities in kentucky, indiana, ohio and illinois. the district lost its mission in 1972 only to acquire it back in 1982 during that era’s massive defense buildup.
the district received its nation-wide army reserve mission in 1994 and the air force reserve mission in 1999.
read all about it...
the falls city engineers: a history of the louisville district, corps of engineers (vol. 1)
the falls city engineers: a history of the louisville district, corps of engineers, 1970-1983 (vol. 2)
the falls city engineers: a history of the louisville district, corps of engineers, 1984-2004 (vol. 3)
the falls city engineers: a history of the louisville district, corps of engineers, 2005-2016 (vol. 4)
last of the old wicket dams: a history of ohio river locks and dams 52 and 53, 1928-2018
ohio river locks and dams 52 and 53: oral history collection: a collection of the oral history interviews used for the writing of the ohio river lock and dam 52 and 53 history book.
career opportunitiesthe u.s. army corps of engineers is an innovative, transformative organization providing engineering solutions to customers worldwide. our 32,000 employees—primarily civilian—are delivering positive impacts for today and tomorrow.
working at the corps as a civilian employee means making a direct contribution to war fighters and their families, supporting overseas contingency operations, developing technology and systems that save the lives of soldiers and civilians, providing disaster relief, and protecting and enhancing the environment and the national economy.
it’s an exciting time to work for the corps. we offer challenging professional, technical and administrative assignments in the u.s. and abroad—each building on a strong tradition of public service extending back more than 200 years.
the corps also offers education reimbursement, certificate programs, professional and leadership development as well as mentoring programs. we support and nurture the growth of our employees and provide the tools to ensure superior performance in all our missions. at the corps, your opportunities are limitless.
this u.s. army corps of engineers video provides a summary of the organization's missions. produced in january 2021 by headquarters usace and sacramento district. watch the video here: usace mission
faqs
1. do you have to be an engineer to work for usace? no, our workforce includes park rangers, biologists, architects, lock and dam operators, scientists and much more. together everyone plays a valuable role within our organization. 
2. do you have to be a solider, or in the army, to work for usace? no, usace currently employs more than 33,000 civilians and 800 military personnel. 
3. does usace only build things? no, we are proud to have contributed to some of the nation's great landmarks including the washington monument and the capitol dome, but our missions also extends to other areas such as research and development, recreation, and support to emergency responses. 
4. what kind of benefits are available? we have great benefits that set us apart from others. we have 11 paid federal holidays, annual and sick leave, retirement benefits, thrift savings plans, alternate work schedules, telework opportunities and more. 
becoming a student intern
usace delivers vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk. usace louisville district is a large employer of architects, engineers and scientists (not to mention several other disciplines) that execute military, environmental and civil works missions of more than $1b annually. our multidisciplined team supports regional and national customers by providing best engineering practices and innovative solutions to our nation’s toughest challenges. the district’s recruiting goal is to identify and hire the best engineering students, work with them to build competency in the area of their interest, and ultimately hire the student as a permanent employee once they have graduated from qualifying education institutions. come join our world-class team!
recognition program awards:
2022 employer of choice - american society for engineering education (asee).
2021 employer of choice – j.b. speed school of engineering, university of louisville
for more information, contact us at 502-315-6223 or by email at lrl-pao@usace.army.mil
useful links


louisville district jobs


usajobs


engineer pay table


general schedule (gs) pay table


work for usace video


federal benefit information 


frequently asked questionswhere can i find navigational charts and maps?
navigation charts are available for purchase by internet from the u.s. government online bookstore, or by calling the government printing office toll-free at (866) 512-1800. navigation charts are no longer available for purchase directly from corps of engineers' offices. all charts must be ordered through the u.s. government online bookstore. for other chart and map resources see:     http://www.usace.army.mil/library/mapsandcharts.aspx.
ohio and green river charts: 
inland electronic navigational charts (ienc): 
all iencs are available for download at http://ienccloud.us.
purchase navigation paper chartbooks
the 2014 ohio river navigation charts are available for purchase from the u.s. government online bookstore, or by calling the government printing office toll-free at (866) 512-1800.

mail orders with an attached government printing office order form are accepted. the government printing office will accept payment by check, money order, visa, mastercard, discover/novus, american express, or superintendent of documents deposit account. navigation charts are no longer available for purchase directly from corps of engineers district offices. all hard copy charts must be ordered through the u.s. government online bookstore.
 
how do i reserve a recreation site?
visit www.recreation.gov or call 1(877)444-6777.
what is the america the beautiful pass and cost?
america the beautiful interagency senior pass (age 62 and older) is $10 (if obtained in person at an issuing site); $20 (if obtained via mail order through usgs store). america the beautiful interagency access pass (for persons with permanent disabilities) is free (if obtained in person at an issuing site); $10 (if obtained via mail order through usgs store).
where can i get the america the beautiful pass?
passes may be obtained at hundreds of locations throughout the country, including many federal sites where they are accepted. please be sure to call a site and verify they are still issuing the passes before you make a special trip to obtain a pass. the louisville district projects that will issue the passes are: nolin river lake, barren river lake, green river lake, rough river lake, monroe lake, cecil m. harden lake, cagles mill lake, patoka lake, caesar creek lake, william h. harsha lake, c.j. brown dam and reservoir, brookville lake, buckhorn lake, carr creek lake, and cave run lake.
passes may be obtained through usgs (888-275-8747, option 3), or http://store.usgs.gov/pass/general.html

find more information at: http://www.nps.gov/findapark/passes.htm.
i would like to change or alter a creek on my property -- do i need a permit? 
our regulatory office can let you know. to ensure a timely response to general information requests and other inquiries, the louisville district regulatory division recommends using our “door to the corps” email address.  when submitting an information request email, please include “information request” in the subject line of the email, your preferred contact information, a brief description of your request, and the location of the property that is the subject of your request.   

celrl.door.to.the.corps@usace.army.mil 

the  “door to the corps” email address is also the preferred method for submitting permit applications, violation compliant forms, and other documents.  if documents must be mailed, the addresses for our offices are provided below.  please use the office location map provided on this webpage to identify the proper office to contact based on the location of your project or inquiry. 
how do i join the army?
to find information about joining the army, please visit the u.s. army website at http://www.army.mil or contact your local army recruiter.

employment/jobs/working for the u.s. army corps of engineers – how do i apply for a job?
all civilian job opportunities available with the federal government, including usace, are posted on usajobs at http://www.usajobs.gov. usajobs is the federal government's official job site. one must apply for federal jobs using the tools available (including a resume/resume builder).

doing business with the corps – how do i contract with or do business with the corps?
to get information regarding contracting with the u.s. army corps of engineers, please visit our lrd business with us page.  solicitations and contract award actions over $25,000 are advertised at sam.gov. sam.gov is the official "governmentwide point of entry" for all public notices. the office code for louisville district is w912qr. 
 
my local corps of engineers office – how do i find the office serving my geographical location of interest?
please visit our office locator page and enter the zip code for your geographical area. contact information for the corps of engineers office serving your geographical area of interest will be provided.

freedom of information act requests – where and how do i make a foia request?
please visit our foia page where you will find extensive information to include mailing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and fax numbers of all of the usace foia offices.








contact us








contact an office
send us a message
address




general inquiries 
lrl-pao@usace.army.mil

water quality
(502) 315-6312

small business
(502) 315-6111

regulatory and permits
(502) 315-6733

real estate
(502) 315-7001

navigation charts and surveys
(502) 515-3078

locks and dams
(502) 315-6701

levee safety program
(502) 315-6419

lake/river reports
(502) 315-6487

lakes
(502) 315-6721

hydropower
(502) 315-6458

freedom of information act (foia)
(502) 315-6640

flooding
(502) 315-6912

executive office
(502) 315-6106

engineering
502-315-6222

emergency operations
(502) 315-6912

contracting
(502) 315-6574

cultural resources
(502) 315-7468

 civilian personnel advisory center
(502) 315-6166

construction
(502) 315-6120

public affairs
(502) 315-6766









recipient:

choose a recipient
general inquiries 
water quality
small business
regulatory and permits
real estate
navigation charts and surveys
locks and dams
levee safety program
lake/river reports
lakes
hydropower
freedom of information act (foia)
flooding
executive office
engineering
emergency operations
contracting
cultural resources
 civilian personnel advisory center
construction
public affairs





your name:



your email address:





subject:




message:



contact me: a response is requested.
















u.s. army corps of engineers, louisville district
600 dr. martin luther king jr. place
louisville, ky 40202


















links of interest



small businesssmall businesses are vital to our economy and an integral part of the department of defense procurement process. the district’s deputy for small business serves as an advocate for the small and disadvantaged business program by ensuring that small businesses receive the maximum practicable opportunity to participate in and receive their fair share of the contract dollars awarded by the louisville district. the small business program is promoted by actively seeking opportunities to reserve requirements under federal guidelines for small business, woman owned, 8(a), historically underutilized business zone empowerment (hubzone), and service disabled veteran-owned businesses.
 
district overview:
the u.s. army corps of engineers is committed to doing business with qualified small, small disadvantaged, hubzone, women-owned, veteran and service disabled veteran-owned small businesses.

the louisville district is one of the corps’ most diverse districts, supporting both a civil works and military construction mission in a five state region (kentucky, indiana, illinois, ohio and michigan).

military construction services include the construction of various facilities and structures, engineering design, plans and specifications and real estate services, including leasing for recruiting and reserve centers.

civil works services include flood control/damage control, navigation, regulatory, water supply, water quality, hydropower, environmental conservation and restoration, recreation and emergency response.
 
the louisville district also serves as the national program manager providing project management and planning support for the construction of army and air force reserve centers nationwide.
 
the district also manages the nationwide energy, resilience and conservation investment program.
 
the interagency and international support program provides project management, engineering and construction services to other federal, state and local agencies. 

the louisville district's environmental program is dedicated to building a strong, sustainable environment for future generations. the district's environmental program manages, designs and executes a full range of cleanup and protection activities.

the louisville district fully supports all federal programs established for small businesses. we are proactive in ensuring that small businesses receive the maximum practicable opportunity to participate in and receive a fair share of the contracts awarded.
 
contracting opportunities:

the louisville district procures a variety of supplies and services. examples of these opportunities follow:
construction:
reserve centers, barracks, dining facilities, maintenance shops, aircraft hangars, hospitals, airfields, gun ranges, roads, levees, dams, industrial facilities and dredging.
engineering services:
concept studies, master planning, engineering studies, surveying and mapping, remediation, architectural design and inspection.
supplies and equipment:
generators, pumps, turbines, heating and air conditioning, kitchen, parks and recreation, electronic gear, petroleum products, repair parts and lumber products.
other services:
trash collection, mowing, landscaping, janitorial and recreational park maintenance.
subcontracting:
large businesses awarded federal contracts valued at more than $1.5 million for construction, or $750,000 for other than construction, are required to submit subcontracting plans that include percentages of work to be subcontracted to small, disadvantaged, hubzone, women-owned, and disabled veteran-owned businesses. to assist you in your marketing, there is a listing of all department of defense (dod) prime contractors at dod’s home page.
phone, email or visit the louisville district’s small business office to discuss these opportunities.
deputy of small business contact info:

p.o. box 59 (celrl-db)
louisville, ky 40201-0059

telephone: (502) 315-6111
sbo-lrl@usace.army.mil
public review & approved planslevee safetydam safetythe louisville district is responsible for the safety of 17 reservoir dams and 9 navigation dams affecting parts of four states.  for more information about dam safety and the louisville district, contact:
u.s. army corps of engineers, louisville district
600 dr. martin luther king, jr. place
louisville, kentucky 40202-2230
for more information, call (502) 315-6327

emergency reporting (24 hour): (502) 315-6912
the louisville district has a comprehensive monitoring and inspection program to keep its dams safe from failure.  a dam failure means a sudden, uncontrolled release of water.  uncontrolled water an be a life threatening and destructive force, so the corps of engineers and the louisville district strive to design, construct, maintain and operate safe dams.
outreach the corps of engineers is ready to respond to the needs of state and local communities, other federal agencies, and the armed services, by helping resolve water resource problems and provide reliable technical assistance. the corps maintains a knowledge base to assist our customers with planning, engineering, design, project and contract management and construction.
our core missions include flood risk management, commercial navigation, environmental restoration, and watershed planning. other mission we execute include disaster response, water supply, facilities design & construction, installation support, recreation, hydropower, environmental infrastructure, and regulatory.
at the request of local interests, corps’ assistance in developing and implementing solutions to water resources problems is available under several authorities.
projects are all cost shared between the federal government and a non-federal sponsor. cost shares range from 50/50 to 75/25 depending on the type of project. a non-federal sponsor is a legally constituted public body, such as city, state, county, conservancy district, or non-profit that is capable of financing the project and providing for operation and maintenance of the project once completed.
funds may be requested to begin the planning process once we receive a letter of intent from a non-federal sponsor.
for more information on our various programs and authorities please click on the links below, or call our outreach coordinator at (502) 315-6883.
falls city engineer newsletterfoiafreedom of information act (foia) requests
why is foia required?
the general "rule of thumb" in the louisville district is that if someone in the public sector wishes to obtain copies or to gain access to records we may have, and those records are not currently available online or through other public access venues, a freedom of information act request must be submitted.  (submit foia requests via e-mail here).  
what is required?
º  full name
º  company/firm name (if applicable)
º  mailing address
º  telephone number 
º  e-mail address (if applicable)
º  description of records you are seeking 
º  agreement to pay minimal fees or request for fee waiver 
 
contact information: 
foia-lrl@usace.army.mil
usace louisville district
attn: celrl-oc (foia)
po box 59
louisville, kentucky 40202








find a lake or lock & dam








indiana
kentucky
ohio
locks and dam







brookville lake 


cagles mill lake 


cecil m. harden lake 


monroe lake 


patoka lake 







view more










taylorsville lake


cave run lake


carr creek lake


buckhorn lake


rough river lake


barren river lake 


nolin river lake


green river lake







view more










william h. harsha lake 


caesar creek lake 


west fork lake


c.j. brown dam and reservoir







view more










smithland locks and dam


john t. myers locks and dam 


olmsted locks and dam


newburgh locks and dam


green river locks and dams 1 and 2


cannelton locks and dam


mcalpine locks and dam


markland locks and dam







view more















connect with us














 











essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the great lakes and ohio river division website
the official website of the u.s. army corps of engineers great lakes and ohio river division. contact lrd-webmaster@usace.army.mil for website corrections.

disclaimer: this is an official u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) website, however hyperlinked locations do not constitute a usace endorsement. usace does not exercise any editorial control over the information at linked locations.













contactjoin our teamfoiaigbusiness with useeo & sharplink disclaimerprivacy & securitysite map


section 508plain writing actno fear actopen governmentsmall business actreport suspicious activityfind government services (usa.gov)



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













