
nudes: simple nudes - nude beautiful women simple tasteful nudes quality artistic photos nude art pretty girls


















simple nudes: a manifest  this is a movement of the third millennium, a
drive to popularize simple nudes. 

      what are "simple nudes"? well, the concept and
term was invented by domai in 2001. basically it means nude art without anything much added.
if the images are artistic, they are only so to a degree that does not
interfere with the beauty of the model. and if the images are erotic,
they are so as an undertone, not the main purpose, and they are not so
to a degree that that overwhelms the experience of the beauty of the
model. 
traditional
fine art nudes are a great thing, but they sometimes have a tendency to
be very... indirect. the model is often hunched over, hiding her figure
and her face. in those cases, even when you do get a good picture, it
can be at the expense of the model and her beauty. and on the other hand pornography sometimes
have beautiful models, but the beauty is ruined by strained, unnatural
poses which makes the model look like a lump of flesh rather than a
creature of grace. 
a new movement is started now, one that
appreciates the beauty of girls, and want it to be acknowledged for
itself, not something that is just there to support art or stimulate
sex. we respect woman and her beauty, and we celebrate it. (the
same goes for male nudes, of course, but those seem to be less
prevalent.) 
don't get us wrong, we have nothing against
porn in principle, and we certainly have nothing against fine art! it
is only that simple nudes is its own thing, is independent of and
should not be confused with those two other things. 

obviously quite a lot of art and photography
throughout history can be fitted into "simple nudes". but most of this
is a retrofit, an overlap from either fine art or soft erotica. this
focal point is a new thing. we tend to forget that pornography/erotica
only a few decades ago was illegal all over the world, so
people did what they could get away with, which then of course often
looked like simple nudes. the proof is that pin-ups, "cheesecake" and
so on basically disappeared once porn was legalized. and it has taken a
few decades of legal porn for enough people to get fed up with it, and
being open now to the possibility of simple nudes, without the
focus on sex.
if you are one of the people with the
perceptions necessary to appreciate these things, you have come to the
right place. this movement is so new and comparatively small that we
felt there was a need for a site that listed the known sites that
loosely belong within it ("loosely" meaning some of the sites are
actually fine art leaning towards simple nudes). tell your
friends about simple nudes. and if you know of a site which
fits here but is not on the list, tell the owner about this site.


 

free nude galleries 



see all free galleries


new photographer galleries 



see all photographer galleries






      1. erotic beauties
      2. super beauty
      3. gallery of nudes
      4. art of erotica
      5. digital nude photos
      6. domai - beautiful girls
      7. naked aspiration
      8. female nudes
      9. fine art nude girls
      10. photo contest
      11. nature girls
      12. nude:times
      13. craig morey
      14. diva photography
      15. nude in san francisco
      16. soft nude curves
      17. just naked
      18. hippie goddess
      19. fotostrip
      20. nature nudes
      21. salty nudes
      22. nude in russia
      23. martha's girls
      24. the sensual eye
      25. michelle7
      26. nude and glamour
      27. chris ball
      28. sweet and nude
      29. magic flute nudes
      30. david-nudes
add your link














