








acton-boxborough special education parent advisory council























acton-boxborough special education parent advisory council



menu
skip to content
homeabout usmission & goals2024-2025 officersemail listsmeeting agendas/packetsmeeting minutesby-lawsvolunteer opportunitiesdese sepac guidancesc policy on sepacadministrator loginwho’s whoacton-boxborough regional school districtschool committeemassachusetts desespecial education parent handbookdistrict programsspecial education timelinesevaluation processiep developmentbehavior interventionsmcas accommodationstransition planningdefinitionsdispute resolutionsepac reports & presentationsmcas infoschool committee presentationsparent/guardian surveystask force recommendationsautism parent feedbacksc report on cost driversspecial education spending trendscommunity outreachprofessional helpbehavior specialistsneuropsychologists & diagnostic clinicspsychologists/psychiatristsspeech-language pathologistsoccupational & physical therapyspecial education advocatesspecial education lawyersacademic support/tutorscommunity resourcessocial skills groups & providersarea support groupsservices/clubs/lessons/campsparent/guardian educationtopical resourcesautismbullying preventiontransition planninggeneral resources/linksresources by disabilityspecial education lawtests & evaluationsfriends of ab sepac 501(c)(3)
















headline news





subscribe to the ab sepac newsletter – subscribe to the ab sepac newsletter to receive updates regarding special education and disability-related issues impacting students in the abrsd. this is the ab sepac’s primary way of reaching caregivers with news, events, and resources. please email abrsdsepac@gmail.com with any questions. you can also follow us on facebook.
abrsd director of special education search process – the acton-boxborough regional school district is seeking a new director of special education to begin july 1, 2025. the candidate screening process is underway. as in the past, the ab sepac has a representative on the search committee.
2/24/25 basic rights in special education: understanding the iep – on monday, february 24, 2025, from 6-8 p.m., the ab sepac with the acton-boxborough regional school district special education department is hosting a free online basic rights workshop on understanding the iep presented by the the federation for children with special needs. registration is required. highly recommended!
3/1/25 ab sepac inclusion listening session – on saturday, march 1, 2025, from 10:30 a.m. until noon at the sargent memorial library in boxborough, the ab sepac will host a public listening session for parents/guardians of students with disabilities regarding inclusion practices in the acton-boxborough regional school district. the sepac has published an online feedback form for those unable to attend in person. information collected will be used to develop recommendations from the ab sepac to the district regarding inclusion practices. draft recommendations will be reviewed at the 3/12/25 sepac meeting.
changes to special education leadership for 2024-2025 – the school committee approved the appointment of mary emmons as the interim director of special education for 2024-2025. the current assistant director will remain in his role. background information about the interim director and the means of funding the assistant director position can be found in the superintendent’s may 31 memo to the school committee. a search process for a permanent director will take place later this year.
save the dates: 2024-2025 ab sepac business meetings – the ab sepac will meet at 7 p.m. unless otherwise noted on the following wednesdays this school year: 9/18/24 (zoom), 10/30/24 (zoom), 11/20/24 (zoom), 12/18/24 (rj grey library), 1/15/25 @ 7:30 p.m. (zoom), 2/5/25 (rj grey library), 3/12/25 (zoom), 4/16/25 (rj grey library), 5/7/25 (zoom), and 6/4/25 annual meeting & elections (parker damon library). zoom information will be the same for all remote meetings.
zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/82405955706
meeting id: 824 0595 5706
*why wednesdays? as an advisory committee to the acton-boxborough regional school committee, ab sepac business meetings are scheduled to respond in a timely fashion to issues before the abrsc. additional meetings may be added as needed.
acton-boxborough new iep form webinars – massachusetts has a new iep form for the first time in over 20 years. the abrsd special education department with the ab sepac held two webinars to go over what is the same and what has changed with the new form.
the new iep: what’s the same? what’s different?
the new iep: content & resources
new federal assistive technology guidance – under the individuals with disabilities education act (idea), every time an iep team meets to develop, review, or revise a student’s iep, they are required to consider if the child needs assistive technology (at) devices and services. here are some examples of at by disability type. the us department of education has issued a new “dear colleague” letter and accompanying guidance with myths and facts about at devices and services. you have the right to request an at evaluation to help determine what is appropriate for your student to access their education.
autism recommendations to the abrsd – in june 2023, the ab sepac sought feedback from parents/guardians of students with autism in the acton-boxborough regional school district. the ab sepac’s goals were to establish 1) what is working well for families and 2) what would help to improve programming and services for students with autism. many of these best practices are already incorporated in some schools and programs. the ab sepac seeks the broader adoption of these practices as appropriate for individual students given the wide range of needs represented in the autism disability category. click here to access the ab sepac autism recommendations.

basic rights webinar – missed our annual basic rights in special education workshop? need information now about navigating the special ed process or your rights as an iep team member? you can watch a recorded version of the presentation from the federation for children with special needs here. the federation offers free online workshops on an ongoing basis. topics include understanding the iep, evaluations and eligibility, transition planning for ages 14+, the new iep form, and more. visit their events calendar to learn more and register.




donate






donate through our 501(c)(3) to help us provide quality speakers, workshops, and social events for our community. to give, please send a check payable to “friends of ab sepac” c/o erica abbruzzese, 7 madison lane, acton, ma 01720. thank you for your support!





get involved






the ab sepac has two email lists, one for news about upcoming events and activities, the other for direct communication between parents/guardians of children with disabilities.
to become more involved, please see our volunteer page.
for further information about the ab sepac, contact us at abrsdsepac@gmail.com.












proudly powered by wordpress






