






uf center for latin american studies













  





uf center for latin american studies
skip to main content


uf center for latin american studies


uf center for latin american studies


about 





our history
governance
contact us


faculty resources
contributing to the center



people 





center-based faculty
affiliate faculty
malas students
center staff


visiting & research scholars
faculty advisory council
history of directors



academics 





why las?
graduate programs
undergraduate programs
las courses


las specializations
student funding
academic & funding forms
study abroad



outreach 





k-16 professional development
teacher resources
virtual exchange


library travel grants
cultural events
language & careers



program highlights 





florida brazil linkage institute (fbli)
latin american and caribbean collection
latin american business environment (labe)


master's in development practice
tropical conservation & development



news & events 





calendar of events
event funding request
annual conference


stories from the center
the latinamericanist
sign up for our email newsletters



alumni 





alumni profiles
las alumni awards
alumni update form


las alumni board
alumni roll call
make a donation!







make a gift!
academic programs
prospective students
directory
calendar of events
blog

welcome to uf-las
welcome to uf-las
prospective students
current students
alumni
















search uf

submit












search uf

submit



































read the fall 2024 latinamericanist 

read more


center news





190



with over 190 experts on the region, the center is recognized today as one of the top-ranked centers internationally.






new leadership at center for latin american studies in 2025

read more



center news



1961



the center has been continuously designated as a national resource center by the u.s. department of education since 1961.






meet the incoming malas cohort

read more



student news




licínio nunes de miranda featured in brazilian documentary

read more



alumni news




robert walker pens periodic column for interesse nacional

read more



faculty news










read more center stories











read the spring 2024 latinamericanist
this edition features bacardi scholar flávia biroli, our newest club de lectura, and more
learn more





eduardo abaroa named kislak family foundation artist in residence
mexican artist is first artist in residence in the program, will join the center in fall 2024
learn more





announcing the 2023 alumni award winners
irving x. chan gomez wins outstanding young alumni award, steven keats wins lifetime achievement alumni award
learn more












latin american research review
the uf center for latin american studies is thrilled to host the latin american research review (larr) for the first time in its history, from january 2021 until december 2025. our larr team is led by dr. carmen martínez novo, the publication's first woman editor in chief, and includes dr. heather vrana (las-history) and phd student victoria muñoz (editorial assistant), among other distinguished colleagues from fellow latin american studies programs. the larr publishes a journal issue in march, june, september, and december each year.
learn about our vision for the larr
visit the larr website









calendar of events
delve into latin america and the caribbean through the various events that are planned throughout the year! don't miss a moment of the action; check out our calendar of events.
calendar 










larissa ruiz baía
ma latin american studies (1996)
"it was the malas degree that opened doors that i didn't imagine existed for me. the malas program was academically rigorous but led by faculty who believed that their students' success was their success. that combination resulted in a a newly found confidence for me that has propelled the rest of my career. i am very grateful and proud to be a malas alum."
malas alum






bertrhude albert
ma latin american studies (2014)
"getting my master’s in latin american studies was the best decision i’ve made. it ensured that the passion i had for haiti wasn’t some fleeting emotion. it encouraged me to dig deeper and understand not only the historical context for haiti, but also the power of community development. i realized that haiti can rise as a nation, but it’s not going to be with clothes and food and shoes. it’s got to be an investment in the capacity of the haitian people.”
malas alum






irving x. chan gomez
master's of development practice (2016)
irving is the leading force behind strategic partnerships at b lab global, nurturing and managing key partnerships. these partnerships have fostered the improvement of b lab standards for business across core areas like living wages, human rights due diligence, and climate action. irving has managed the transition of b lab towards a comprehensive global model, including the design of a global vision, theory of change, and an evolved global governance model (with increased decisionmaking and representation from underrepresented regions (latin america, sub saharan africa, and asia).
mdp alumn





larissa ruiz baía
ma latin american studies (1996)
"it was the malas degree that opened doors that i didn't imagine existed for me. the malas program was academically rigorous but led by faculty who believed that their students' success was their success. that combination resulted in a a newly found confidence for me that has propelled the rest of my career. i am very grateful and proud to be a malas alum."
malas alum




        view this profile on instagram            uf latin american studies (@uf_latam) • instagram photos and videos 








noticias wuft
noticias wuft es el programa local de noticias y asuntos públicos producido por estudiantes de la universidad de florida para wuft-fm.
visita el sitio web de noticias wuft!





 





apply now
make a gift
events
contact us









university of florida

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube

university of floridagainesville, fl 32611uf operator: (352) 392-3261website text-only version




resources 

uf home
one.uf
webmail
myufl
e-learning
directory



campus 

weather
campus map
student tours
academic calendar
campus events
disability services



quick links 

apply to the program
las faculty directory
student funding
las courses
contact us
privacy policy




















