

 







home - global underwriters



















































☰ menu
products

individual travel medical

diplomat america
diplomat long term
diplomat international
global accident protection plan


foreign general liability
defense base act insurance
travel medical & trip cancellation insurance
med-evac
customizable group travel
business travel accident
kidnap, ransom & extortion
global expatriate benefits
group special risk accident


agents & brokers

marketing and sales
sign up for our email newsletter
get contracted
affiliate program
agent resources


claims

about claims
claims faq


contact us
dba insurance
covid-19






wherever you travel
we have
you covered


our primary insurance coverages




						
						travel medical insurance - diplomat series
					



						
						foreign general liability / workers comp
					



						
						defense base act (gov. contractors)
					



						
						travel medical & trip cancellation insurance
					



						
						group travel insurance
					



						
						business travel accident
					



						
						kidnap, ransom & extortion
					




						
						medical evacuation
					



						
						global expat benefits
					




unsure which policy is right for you?



step 1 of 6


16%


who is traveling?*


personal



business



government/gov. contractor








what type of business?*non-profit/churchfor profit


 




where are you traveling?*united statesoutside usaboth


 




how many are traveling?*individualgroup


 




how long are you traveling?*less than a yearmore than a year


 




how long are you traveling?*less than a yearmore than a year
  












49519δ






we also offer coverage for

non-profits
faith-based organizations
entertainment and production
education
government contractors
other industries we serve




non-profits
non-governmental and non-profit organizations face multiple risks here in the u.s. and abroad. having the right insurance coverage and proper risk management strategy is essential for any institution.
with millions of organizations operating both in and outside of the united states, proper insurance and risk management strategies are necessary to protect the organization and those associated with it. let our experts help you cover all your bases with customized coverages to fit your needs.
learn more





faith-based organizations
having the right insurance coverage and proper risk management strategy is essential for any faith-based organization or missionary group.
proper insurance and risk management strategies are necessary to sustain the viability of the organization from a financial and legal standpoint, but it also has a moral obligation to protect anyone that is associated with the organization. global underwriters has the right coverages to fill in all the gaps.
learn more





entertainment and production
the production and entertainment industry frequently requires unusual coverages for hazardous risk exposures, such as underwater shooting, filming with live animals, guns, pyrotechnics, etc.
we have you covered with customized domestic and international medical travel insurance, foreign general liability insurance, kidnap, ransom & extortion insurance, and guild travel accident coverage for sag and guild union members.
learn more





education
educational institutions face multiple risks here in the u.s. and abroad. having the right insurance coverage and proper risk management strategy is essential in today’s academic environment.
proper insurance and risk management strategies are necessary to sustain the viability of the institution from a financial and legal standpoint, but it also has a moral obligation to protect anyone that is associated with the organization.
learn more





government contractors
government contractors working overseas require federally mandated workers compensation insurance. we are one of the largest providers of this mandatory coverage.
our experts can also help secure other types of insurance to fill vital gaps in coverage while abroad.
learn more





other industries we serve
global underwriters serves a wide variety of industries. our international resources and expertise are designed to help businesses and organizations understand how to mitigate the complexities of certain global travel risks.
we also educate about international insurance, security matters and navigation of certain compulsory requirements where you are conducting international business to provide the right coverage for you. find out how we can serve you!
learn more







world-class service
global underwriters offers world-class service with exceptional international accident & sickness medical coverage and special risk insurance products for both groups and individuals.
with over 60 years of experience and expertise in the insurance industry, global underwriters is a leader in the development, underwriting, administration and marketing of international health, life, property & casualty and special risk insurance products worldwide. so whether you’re traveling on business, vacationing, expanding your business abroad, or residing in a foreign country, global underwriters has a plan designed just for you. find out how we can help you – contact one of our international experts now!




“i'm really happy i chose global underwriters, i did days of research before choosing what was easily the most reputable and affordable company out there, and my decision is already paying off with your helpfulness and timely response.”
laurel (ontario, canada)





global underwriters agency, inc.
3195 linwood avenue, suite 201
cincinnati, oh 45208
united states
phone:
513-533-1500 (outside u.s.)
1-800-423-8496 (in u.s.)
fax:
513-533-1504


global claims administration
3195 linwood avenue, suite 201
cincinnati, oh 45208
united states
phone:
513-533-1330 (outside u.s.)
1-800-513-2981 (in u.s.)
fax:
513-533-9416



home
defense base act insurance
agents & brokers
filing a claim
faq
contact us
privacy policy
covid-19





 

©2025 global underwriters.  all rights reserved read the privacy policy for more info.     site by sound press








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
by clicking accept you agree to our use of cookies.

close gdpr cookie banner





accept

close gdpr cookie banner



 

































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 














