









welcome to halsheeler - your real estate blog











































investment
transaction
interior design
house/apartment
advices
 


select page


  
 
 












halsheelera blog about real estate and interior decoration.
last articles











don’t be afraid to try in interior design
nowadays, people are afraid that some color or some designs are too risky or not good in the long run.
never be afraid to try things, to test what you think you will like, it will make you better understanding your own criteria in interior design








everything is categorized to help you
check our themes








investment
where and when to buy ? what is the price for that kind of produtc ? everything you need to know about investment.








transaction
what are the requirements when you want to buy ? we help you about the long and annoying forms.






w

interior design
everything you need to know about interior design is right here !








house and apartment
what are the good products nowadays ? what are the drawbacks ? the advantages ?  find it here.








advices
if you want to earn the best tips that we can give you, you are on the right themes.













more about uswe are a real estate agency who want to help people and make them learn more about this industry because nowadays, an informed client is a happy client.
we want you to know what is the trend and the best awarded design, color and also where to buy or rent and for which price.
view all the articles







our last articles











discover your dream phuket villa for sale

investmentthe tropical paradise of phuket, thailand is home to stunning beaches, a vibrant nightlife, and a thriving real estate market. investment in a phuket villa for sale can yield significant returns while providing you with an idyllic sanctuary where you unwind and enjoy...
read more




alpine dream: investing in a flat in the majestic french alps

house/apartment, investmentembracing the crisp mountain air, luxuriating in the panoramic views of snow-capped peaks, and experiencing the thrill of world-class skiing right outside your doorstep - the allure of owning a chalet in the french alps is undeniable. these mountains, home to some of...
read more




how to renovate your property in france

advices, house/apartmentdo you want to buy a property in france and renovate it? buy property after thorough research to know its state and cost of renovation. the condition of one house varies from another. one may be moth-eaten yet salvageable, run-down, giving you a chance to rebuild it...
read more
















contact us




name


email address


message




submit







 







home
blog
contact us
 



































