












roadside & automotive benefits | autovantage








































menu 










home
 | 
benefits
 | 
support
sign in

















roadside assistance24-hour nationwide coverage



















roadside assistance24-hour nationwide coverage









						auto insurance »
				




					
						24/7 nationwide towing »
					
					
				




					family coverage »
				




					lock-out assistance »
				




					nationwide service »
				













				
					need roadside assistance?  call 1-800-999-4car.



















©2025   | 
home | 
				benefits | 
				support | 
				
				sign-in | 
				site terms of use | 
				news | 
				privacy notice | 
				cookie notice
*autovantage, in conjunction with trilegiant insurance services, inc., its affiliate, may receive compensation for the services it provides in connection with this offer.




1both autovantage and aaa plus have additional features and benefits. please see www.autovantage.com and the applicable regional aaa site for details.

2your membership will commence on activation date and continue for 13 months, unless cancelled.

3should you require roadside assistance service or lock-out assistance within the first 48-hours after your membership purchase, there will be an additional $30.00 flat service fee for each individual service provided and such service fee is nonrefundable. all 24-hour roadside assistance services and motor club benefits are provided by brickell financial services-motor club, inc. dba road america motor club inc., administrative offices at 7300 corporate center drive, suite 601, miami, fl 33126. for mississippi and wisconsin members, services are provided by brickell financial services-motor club, inc. for california members, services are provided by road america motor club, inc. all entities shall be referred to as "road america motor club." services and benefits may vary to conform with the laws of your state and restrictions may apply. the autovantage program provides up to five (5) emergency assistance services per membership year, up to one occurrence of the same service type per week per vehicle, with towing costs covered up to 150 miles per occurrence. if additional emergency assistance is requested, service will be dispatched; however, the member will be responsible for charges incurred. in all cases, the member is responsible for any non-covered expenses and any expenses over the service limit. see benefit terms section for complete details, conditions, limitations and exclusions. lock-out assistance is subject to state law.

4pricing assumes a family of four covered drivers. represents the lowest aaa plus price in all 50 states as of 3/14/2014.
			

				
				need roadside assistance?  call 1-800-999-4car.



























