home | bourne bravesteamrostercoaching staffbat kids2024 media guideschedulestatsstandingsnewsaboutboard of directorsfaqssponsorsbecome a host familyinternshipsjensen memorial scholarshipvolunteeryouth clinicsdonatecape league tvccbl teamsbourne bravesbrewster whitecapschatham anglerscotuit kettleersfalmouth commodoresharwich marinershyannis harbor hawksorleans firebirdswareham gatemeny-d red soxteamschedulestatsstandingsnewsaboutyouth clinicsdonatecape league tvccbl teamsbest mlb pros to play for the braves, 10 through 6from two-time home run derby champion pete alonso to two-time all-star mark mulder to two-time world series champion kevin youkilis, there are many options to choose from. we asked fans to select five players via our interactive fan poll shared through social media and our newsletter through december to help decide the rankings.
morehighlights from the 2025 braves schedule releasethe cape cod baseball league released its 2025 schedule and the braves open the season against harwich in a ccbl finals rematch.
morecarousel-arrow-left-337135carousel-arrow-right-337136trending nowbest mlb pros to play for the braves, 10 through 6the bourne braves asked fans to help decide who is the best mlb player to play for the three-time cape cod baseball league champions.
from two-time home run derby champion pete alonso to two-time all-star mark mulder to two-time world series champion kevin youkilis, there are many options to choose... highlights from the 2025 braves schedule releasethe cape cod baseball league announced its 2025 schedule, which will begin with a full slate of games on saturday, june 14.
teams will each play a 40-game regular season schedule. divisional opponents will face each other five times, while cross-divisional opponents will face each other four times.
spanning eight... sec network debuts new documentary 'summerball: cape cod'the strength of sec baseball is displayed in full force in collegiate summer leagues across the nation, but none hold more weight than the cape cod baseball league. that comes front and center as sec network debuts summerball: cape cod on friday, august 23 at 10:30 am et.
led by... chase meggers' success fueled by dogged approachon the morning of game 3 of the west championship series, bourne braves field manager scott landers received a text message from his catcher, chase meggers.
the rising redshirt junior at oregon was coming off his worst performance of the summer, going 0-for-3 and striking out twice at the dish... meggers named cape league player of the week for july 20-26bourne braves catcher chase meggers (oregon), along with wareham gatemen right-handed pitcher patrick galle (mississippi), has been named cape cod baseball league player of the week, presented by del mar vacation rentals, for the week of july 20-26, the league announced monday.
meggers was a model of consistency at the... conrad's mvp performance highlights braves' night at the all-star gamefalmouth, mass. — on saturday, all the attention of cape cod baseball league fans was on guv fuller field in falmouth, where the 2024 milton cat all-star game was held. the west all-stars dramatically ended a back-and-forth contest with a walk-off single, propelling them to a 9-8 victory over the... garrett michel using time in bourne to rediscover his swingat one point or another during their playing career, an athlete will face adversity. it’s inevitable.
for bourne braves first baseman garrett michel (virginia tech), that dose of hardship came on march 1 of this past spring.
during the seventh inning of a 6-3 hokies win over stony brook, michel... six braves named to cape league all-star game rosterwest yarmouth, mass. — six members from the bourne braves were selected for the 2024 cape cod baseball league all-star game, presented by milton cat.
ethan conrad (wake forest), marek houston (wake forest), braden holcomb (vanderbilt), chris stanfield (lsu), joe ariola (wake forest) and justin west (louisville) will represent the... cunningham, kuroda-grauer highlight 24 braves selected in 2024 mlb draftthe 2024 mlb draft is officially in the books, and big-league teams selected several current and former bourne braves. ten members of the 2024 squad were drafted — with catcher ben hartl (kansas) being the only player on the current roster. in total, 24 braves heard their name called between... stanfield named ccbl hitter of the week for july 6-11bourne braves outfielder chris stanfield (lsu), as well as falmouth commodores right-handed pitcher gage wood, has been named the cape cod baseball league players of the week, presented by del mar vacation rentals, for the week of july 6-11, the league announced monday.
stanfield enjoyed a strong week at the... braves take part in bourne fourth of july parademembers of the bourne braves tossed candy to the crowd, greeted american flag-clad fans and showed off their two cape cod baseball league championship trophies during the town of bourne's annual fourth of july parade down main street.
the bourne braves photographers captured all the fun in the sun. below... braves take over fenway park in cape league scouting combinethe bourne braves — as well as the rest of the teams from the cape cod baseball league — took over fenway park on monday. players took part in the annual scouting combine at america's oldest ballpark. for many, it's the creation of a lifelong memory. for braves assistant coach... chase meyer gets ahold of the player minicambourne braves right-handed pitcher chase meyer (west virginia) has enjoyed a good summer on the cape thus far. in 4 2/3 innings, meyer has pitched to a 3.86 era with a record of 1-0 while striking out four.
meyer took control of the player minicam during the braves' 7-2 win... headlinescape league finals: braves fall short of three-peat with 4-3 loss to harwichcape league finals: braves force game 3 with 7-1 win in harwichbraves can't convert in 7-3 loss to harwich in game 1 of ccbl championship seriesbraves ride 5-3 win to fourth straight cape league championship seriesbraves strike back against cotuit with 7-4 win, even west finals 1-1'they threw us backwards': braves fall, 3-2, in west division final openerhugus, stanfield shine in 5-1 win over hyannis as braves advance to west finalsx-337137instagram-337138facebook-337139youtube-337140follow the braves on twitter/xnewslettersponsorsour missionthe bourne braves are part of the renowned cape cod baseball league, which is the no. 1 summer collegiate league in the country. it is an all-volunteer organization, that works tirelessly year round to provide the community a summer full of free entertainment for the entire family. the braves are a non-profit association who rely solely on the donations of private citizens and sponsorships from local businesses.terms of useprivacy policycontact uscopyright © 2025 