






customized and luxury travel with swain destinations




































  













swain destinations uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our cookie policy. close








luxury with heart


				start planning today
				1-800-22-swain
or call your travel advisor

















          destinations
        

africa
australia
middle east
new zealand
south pacific islands


specialized



offers
blog


          about us
        

brochures
faqs and forms
history of swain
meet our team
join our team
travel store


contact
agents
safe travels


search







luxury with heart













 to australia with swain destinations
				












start planning

contact a travel consultant


travel brochures


receive travel tips and offers










master designers of luxury travel for almost 40 years

                        swain destinations is the respected leader in customized luxury vacations. our culture of integrity, value, and personal service has earned us the reputation of the "luxury traveler's choice." 
                        
                        nothing we do is cookie-cutter. we have access to places and excursions that can only come with time, relationships, and experience. whether you desire private touring, reclusive accommodation or a fully-guided holiday, allow one of our knowledgeable and dedicated experts to assist you in creating  your most memorable "luxury with heart" vacation. 










find your heart in...






africa









europe









south pacific islands









antarctica









middle east









australia









new zealand









north america









asia









contact us to start planning









tried and true curated favorites


   aussie city lights and starry nightsexperience the natural wonders of australia.12 nights from $15,005 p/pbeach, city, & safari sojournescape to tropical beaches, a vibrant city, and an exciting safari. 11 nights, pricing on requestcurated cosmopolitana journey through some of australia's most vibrant and diverse cities.12 nights from $7,440 p/pnew zealand - escape to luxuryescape to luxury new zealand16 nights from $24,685 p/pqueensland luxeexperience the luxury of queensland.7 nights from $6,970 p/p   






see our many five star reviews






we had a fabulous time. the scenery was breath taking. star gazing on the night with no moon was priceless.  touching a glacier, jumping into 'gin clear' water (fishing guides term), i could go on and on. thank you again. 
diana and michael weiland



see an itinerary like the weilands'








thank you so much for all of your help and for planning us an amazing honeymoon. we have had a spectacular trip and have made so many memories - and the helicopter ride was one of the coolest things we've ever done.
rhea and matt lipson



see an itinerary like the lipsons'








swain's africa travel specialists are amazing! we follow their recommendations and planning anywhere in the world!!
richard sattler



see an itinerary like the sattlers'





see more reviews


trustpilot













                    swain destinations has been awarded the safe travels stamp of approval by the world travel & tourism council. click here to learn more and travel with confidence.







travel confidently with swain
swain destinations is committed to the highest standards of safety, personal service, and "no worries" for our discerning travelers and travel partners. as an estabilshed member of the world travel & tourism council (wttc) since 1996, the united states tour operators association (ustoa) since 1999, and our many partnerships with prestigious travel companies and organizations, swain has earned the reputation of being unsurpassed in our level of professionalism, attention to detail, and flexibility with itineraries, making travelers feel safe, confident and in great hands. what is our connection to "no worries"? learn more about "no worries"






























a world of customized and luxury travel



africa

botswana 
egypt
kenya
mozambique
namibia
rwanda
south africa
tanzania
uganda
zambia
zimbabwe, including victoria falls









australia

new south wales, including sydney
northern territory
queensland
south australia
tasmania
victoria, including melbourne
western australia





europe




middle east

jordan
qatar
united arab emirates, including dubai



new zealand

north island
south island





north america

mexico



south pacific islands

cook islands
fiji
french polynesia, including tahiti










safe travels
blog
travel brochures
about swain destinations
travel store
travel agent portal





 haverford, pa 19041, usa
contact swain destinations
1-800-22-swain






                    copyright © 2025 swain destinations































   




