






the partnership for food safety education | fight bac!
































































































partnership for food safety educationfightbac!search for:
food safety basics

the core four practices
featured resources


food poisoning

about foodborne illness
foodborne pathogens
causes & symptoms
food safety glossary


food safety education

national food safety education month
safe flour handling
the story of your dinner
food safety mythbusters
safe poultry handling
prep yourself: delivery food is on the way
safe produce
recall basics
go 40 or below
safety in all seasons


k-12 education

curricula & programs

grades k – 3
grades 3 – 5
grades 4 – 8
grades 9 – 12


hands on
kids games & activities
school lunches


child care

babies & toddlers
child care training
kids games & activities


safe recipes

safe recipe style guide
safe recipe activity for middle school
cookbooks
appetizers
side dishes
entrees
desserts


free resources

recorded webinars
world food safety day
global handwashing day
recursos en español
coronavirus resources
evaluation toolkit


about us

partnership & history
board of directors
who is involved
pfse team
brand assets
bac fighter ambassadors
job openings
contact us


get involved
events

upcoming events
2025 conference


news & blogs
 









the story of your dinnerbetween busy schedules and the holiday season, millions of people in the united states will be cooking and sharing meals with family and friends. these free resources support home cooks in getting a safe, healthy meal on the table!prep yourself for food deliverygrocery deliveries, prepared food and meal kits are becoming part of our everyday lives. get safe food handling tips for when food delivery is on the way!food poisoningeach year, 1 in 6 people in the u.s. gets sick by consuming contaminated foods or beverages. many different disease-causing microbes, or pathogens, can contaminate foods, so there are many different foodborne infections. safe recipe style guide for video creatorsthe safe recipe style guide for video creators provides the images, text, and video clips needed to add food safety prompts to written recipes and cooking videos!child care trainingwe have a variety of materials for parents, childcare professionals, trainers and food handlers, available in both english and spanish.the core four practicesreduce your risk of food poisoning by following the core four fight bac! practices for food safety. 


 

 














food safety basics 




 




clean, separate, cook and chill for home food safety. learn more 







illness symptoms 




 




learn about the causes of foodborne illness. learn more 







chicken preparation 




 




important information about how to safely prep poultry. learn more 







produce preparation 




 




prep your produce safely with these relevant tips. learn more 











prep yourself 




 




#prepyourself when food delivery is on the way! learn more 







safe recipe guide 




 




write recipes that include safe handling prompts. research shows significant improvement in safe handling. learn more 







hands on 




 




download the hands on middle school curriculum by state. curriculum meets common core standards. learn more 







e-news sign up 




 




don’t miss out! receive our biweekly emails! learn more 











read the latest news from the partnership for food safety education 









				pfse board members recognized among top food safety professionals			


the alliance to stop foodborne illness has announced its list of the top 40 food safety professionals under 40, spotlighting young leaders making significant contributions to the field of food safety. among the honorees…


			read more »		








				pfse welcomes new chair, vice chair to board of directors			


the partnership for food safety education (pfse) announced dr. barb masters was elected as its new board chair during the october board of directors meeting. dr. masters brings a wealth of experience and passion to the role of board chair. she succeeds harold chase of nsf, who served as chair since 2022…


			read more »		








				protect your family from listeria			


the cdc estimates that listeriosis causes about 1,600 illnesses and 260 deaths in the united states each year. the infection is most likely to sicken pregnant people and their newborns, adults aged 65 or older, and people with weakened immune systems…


			read more »		






« previous
next » 

















































stay safe, stay connected
we'll connect with you twice a month on food safety and good health at home!





email





first name





last name





state





zip





company





are you interested in activities for students? y/n





are you interested in recipes and meal prep? y/n





occupation






sign up!
  loading... 






thank you!
you have successfully joined our subscriber list.







 





















copyright © 2025 · partnership for food safety education










facebook
 



x-twitter
 



pinterest
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



youtube
 



envelope
 









privacy policy | terms and conditions | disclaimer 
































