













homepage | ministry of justice

















      skip to main content
    











latest news



ministry of justice to construct hanover justice centre moj wins tiu public sector debate competitionagd to launch public education campaign on estate managementmoj and so-just project target the most vulnerable  
















instagram


facebook



twitter


youtube


 government of jamaica







search




























ministry of justice

balancing rights and responsibilities















mega menu


about us





about us


about


administration


justice reform


faq






about us

mission
to facilitate effective access to justice and deliver quality justice services for all by establishing first-class justice system and strong partnerships.
vision
facilitate effective access to justice for all.
 






ministry of justice













the honourable delroy chuck kc, mpminister of justice










dr. derrick mckoy, cd, kc.attorney general











services


departments









central ministry



executive offices
justice policy and governance division

internal audit unit




corporate services division 
finance and accounts division 
project management and technical services division
social justice division
justice training institute 






departments and agency

administrator-general’s department 
attorney general's department
legal aid council

office of the director of public prosecutions














laws


jps & notaries 


media centre


contact us






























about us

view details










rj green paper policy
please click for green paper restorative justice

view details










sectoral presentation 2024
click here
 


view details










telephone lines restored

view details










ministry of justice

view details










minister's marriage licence

view details








































services











child diversion” is the exercise of implementing measures for dealing with children, alleged as, accused of, or recognized as having infringed the penal law without resorting to formal judicial proceedings.


child diversion
read more...









restorative justice (rj) is a process whereby all the parties with a stake in a particular offence come together to resolve collectively how to deal with the aftermath of the offence.


restorative justice
read more...









the council’s mandate is to administer an efficient and coordinated legal aid system in jamaica.



the legal aid council
read more...









the victim services branch provides therapeutic interventions for all victims of crime, acts in their best interest by actively supporting them, identifying their needs, and optimising their participation in the justice system. 



victim services
read more...









a minister’s marriage licence authorises a marriage officer to officiate a marriage ceremony and is granted by the ministry when there is satisfactory proof that there is no lawful impediment to the marriage ceremony.


minister's marriage licence
read more...









the access of information act (2002) gives citizens and other persons a general legal right to obtain access to an official government document, other than an exempt document, which would otherwise be inaccessible.


access to information 
read more...








 
    
 
a person who has made a sincere and successful attempt to be law-abiding can be given the opportunity to start afresh without being haunted by his/ her unfortunate past through the expungement provision.



expungement
read more...



















laws










are you looking for the latest laws?
now you can view the latest laws passed and/or amended (unconsolidated versions)

view revised statutes
view revised subsidiary legislation
view gazettes


read more


































events
















restorative justice week 2025 - rj conference

february 13, 2025
0 comments













restorative justice week 2025 - rp in schools therapeutic session

february 13, 2025
0 comments













restorative justice week 2025 - church service (yallahs baptist church)

february 13, 2025
0 comments













launch and hand over of legal aid council education materials for people with disabilities

january 16, 2025
0 comments













social justice division (sjd) sensitization session - jamaica constabulary force

january 16, 2025
0 comments










twitter feed

































the judiciary

court administration division
supreme court
parish court
the privy council
the court of appeal
court of appeal rules
civil procedure rules













 the executive

office of the cabinet
office of the prime minister











the legislature


house of parliament
the senate










other related government links

ministry of legal and constitutional affairs
attorney general chambers
integrity commission
indecom
jamaica constabulary force
the ministry of national security
traffic ticket lookup
king's house
office of the director of public prosecutions
office of the public defender


















footer menu


website disclaimers


careers


laws of jamaica


forms


staff access















copyright © 2022 ministry of justice. all rights reserved.
copyright © 2022 ministry of justice. all rights reserved.

























