dvm solutions | veterinary distributor in san antonio, texas skip to main content main menuhomeabout usproductsdownload & supportcontact us vetguardian: zero-touch monitorthe only zero-touch remote vital signs monitor for veterinarianslearn morehdo vet bp monitorhigh definition oscillometry unit (hdo)learn morepc-vetgard +bluetooth-wireless, multi-parameter surgical monitorlearn moredvm solutions is a veterinary distributor based in san antonio, texas, specializing in items for the veterinary practitioner that are tested and approved by private practice veterinarians. items that are approved have clinical relevance, are competitively priced, easily operated, and give reliable results.    specializing in  vitals monitoringpatient warmingblood pressureaccessoriesbrowse all products   client testimonialit is with great pleasure that i write this letter to you about my experiences with the pred tablet. i have to admit i was a bit reluctant at first to carry a pc into my office appointments, but that quickly resolved. the pred tablet has increased my average client transaction and overall office efficiency in a number of ways. first, i can catch those clients that are late on their vaccines, and offer to update them in the room. second, when clients ask for refills, i have the information right... jeff mayoalderwood veterinary clinic all testimonials contact us you must have javascript enabled to use this form. full name *  email address *  phone number   location *  subject *  message * leave this field blank  captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. dvm solutionsdvm solutions is a veterinary distributor based in san antonio, texas, specializing in items for the veterinary practitioner that are tested and approved by private practice veterinarians. read more..navigationhomeaboutproductssupportcontactadvisory boardpc-vetgard +bionetmasio rad-5hdo vet bp monitorget in contactinfo@dvmsolutions.comus: (866) 373-9627int: +1 (210) 499-453316201 san pedro ave, suite 200san antonio, texas 78232copyright © 2025 dvm solutions | all rights reserved. website designed and developed by gridlevel: san antonio custom web design