



rugauthority.com |


















































skip to main content area








home
rug collectionsauthentic oushak collection
turkish revival collection
antique kilims

servicesrug cleaning - by prescription
appraisals - orra certified
conservation & restoration

about
contact

































     1    



     2    



     3    



     4    










 



oushak revival collection
 
 


               authentic turkish oushaks from the originators of this world wide design phenomenon               
 

see more... 
 
 
 
 


 



antique kilims & soumaks
 
 


               an absolutely world class collection of antique kilims, soumaks and flatweaves from anatolia, caucasia, the balkans and iran               
 

view kilims... 
 
 
 
 


 



turkish revival collection
 
 


               a select group of historically important collectables you can appreciate while they appreciate.               
 

see more... 
 
 
 
 


 



classic perisan rugs
 
 


               the best in new and antique persian heriz, kashan, tabriz, isphahan, and more               
 

see more... 
 
 
 
 

prev
next
pause
play

 
 
 
 
 

 























cleaning - by prescription

certified appraisals

conservation & restoration

 



















welcome to your new drupal website!please follow these steps to set up and start using your website:configure your website once logged in, visit the administration section, where you can customize and configure all aspects of your website.enable additional functionality next, visit the module list and enable features which suit your specific needs. you can find additional modules in the drupal modules download section.customize your website design to change the "look and feel" of your website, visit the themes section. you may choose from one of the included themes or download additional themes from the drupal themes download section.start posting content finally, you can create content for your website. this message will disappear once you have promoted a post to the front page.for more information, please refer to the help section, or the online drupal handbooks. you may also post at the drupal forum, or view the wide range of other support options available. 






















	amatulli & sons, llc - (864)895-6544 - copyright 2012

	website developed by ja consulting, llc










