






























welcome to manatee memorial hospital | bradenton, fl





















skip navigation










find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program



search


941-746-5111941-746-5111



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: telehealth 
emergency services 
heart and vascular center 
stroke and cerebrovascular center 
surgery center 
surgical weight loss 
orthopedic and spine surgery 
rehabilitation services 
radiology 
interventional radiology 
cancer care 
lung institute 
family birthplace 
pediatric services 
laboratory services 
respiratory care 
sleep center 
wound care and hyperbaric treatment 
women's services 
breast care center 


patients & visitors patient information: inpatient guidelines 
phone directory 
patient and visitor guide 
the daisy award for extraordinary nurses 
health equity 

patient services: health records online 
obtaining your medical records 
home health care 
virtual nurse program 
price guide 
no surprises act 

visitors: visitor information 
directions and maps 
2nd street bistro 
manatee memorial foundation, inc. 
gift shop 

finance, billing and insurance: online bill pay 
health insurance marketplace 
financial information 


events events: event calendar 
childbirth and parenting classes 
classes at manatee memorial hospital 
life line screenings 
seminars and lectures 
support groups 

programs: golden herald awards 
senior advantage program 
volunteer services 


about about us awards and accreditations 
ask the hospital leadership 
leadership and board of governors 
news 
contact us 

health information blog 
podcasts 
proper hand hygiene 

community resources emergency management 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program
 



search form

search 



































          evolving healthcare,centered on youat manatee memorial hospital 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	graduate medical education	    





how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
advanced emergency and cardiac care
tony rogers had chest pain that wouldn't go away. he trusted manatee memorial with his life.
watch the video


    
   
it changed my life
michael explains how manatee’s team used mitraclip technology to replace a heart valve.
read more


 


previous next 








































manatee memorial hospital pioneers heart procedure using artificial intelligence to diagnose coronary heart disease

manatee memorial hospital pioneers heart procedure using artificial intelligence to diagnose coronary heart disease
dr. james nguyen, md, and the dedicated cardiac team at manatee memorial hospital (mmh) have successfully completed a revolutionary procedure that...
read 

manatee memorial hospital announces new chief executive officer

manatee memorial hospital announces new chief executive officer
andy guz, ceo at lakewood ranch medical center, has been promoted to ceo at manatee memorial hospital | manatee health, effective september 15,...
read 

manatee memorial hospital recognized for excellence with acc transcatheter valve certification

manatee memorial hospital recognized for excellence with acc transcatheter valve certification
the hospital developed processes to standardize patient care and increase quality measurement.
read 




blog


at the  manatee memorial hospital blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 16, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 

new year, new you

new year, new you january 16, 2025 
	the bariatric surgery journey can be a life-changing, rewarding experience. learn how manatee weight loss center can help. read article 
 

 the 9 best ways to prevent cancer

 the 9 best ways to prevent cancer january 10, 2025 
	practicing healthy habits lowers your risk of most cancers. these same habits make it less likely you'll develop heart disease, diabetes and other chronic health conditions. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at manatee memorial hospital

0

                    allied professionals                


0

                    employees                


0

                    square feet of campus                




 








    3 min.  

    view er wait time  








          er wait time
        
  
3 min.er at bayshore gardensview maprequest a time

 
if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. for accurate wait time, call the hospital. 
















manatee memorial hospital206 second street east, bradenton, fl 34208941-746-5111941-746-5111 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news
manatee health



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	manatee memorial hospital® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither manatee memorial hospital, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
financial information
visitation policy
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency



© 2025 manatee memorial hospital. all rights reserved.














