









welcome to harper trucks















































contact our customer support: 1.800.835.4099 


home
products

quick change convertible hand trucks
appliance trucks
casters
commercial trucks
drum handling equipment
freight, dock & warehouse
multi-purpose trucks
nylon hand trucks
specialty hand trucks
steel hand trucks
tall steel hand trucks
welding cylinder trucks
wheels


manuals

video instructions


dealer locator
retailers
news
employment
contact
search




menu


menu

 











            your browser does not support the video tag.
        

welcome to harper trucks

since 1940, our mission has been to sell the highest quality products in the market. we have
                grown from a
                small, regional metal fabricator to the largest hand truck manufacturer in the world. through our
                unmatched
                service commitments, worldwide distributor network, product guarantees, manufacturing process, and
                constant
                innovation we will continue to grow well into the next century.
contact us




largest manufacturer of hand trucks in the world

as the world’s largest manufacturer of hand trucks, harper makes one of every three such trucks sold in
                the united states. with 2500 distributors in north america, harper is now positioned to enter the
                international marketplace full-force. the company has been achieving routine annual growth of 20% and
                more, thanks to direct factory representation of the product and to strong consumer interest
                complimenting its traditional strengths in material handling applications. harper trucks are
                manufactured in a plant of 400,000 square feet with full robotic and new composite-injection
                capabilities.






innovation
our engineering department is always looking for ways to improve our products. whether it’s the
                        introduction of retractable ratchet or our patented nylon hand truck; harper consistently
                        challenges the marketplace.


manufacturing
located in wichita, kansas, our plant is comprised of 400,000 square feet with 50,000 square feet
                        reserved for finished inventory. our manufacturing process consists of automated presses and
                        dies feeding 25 robotic welders that produce a quantity of 5,000 units per day. the precision of
                        the robotic welders ensures the highest quality products. our workforce monitors each
                        manufacturing phase to ensure that you receive the best possible product. all of our units are
                        finished with a high gloss, powder coat paint.


distribution
our industrial product line is sold nationwide through authorized distributors. our central ship
                        point allows us to deliver products on a timely basis.


warranty
any product manufactured by harper trucks, inc. which has not been altered or abused, and fails
                        within the manufacturers specified load limitation or any other specified restrictions within
                        the first year after purchase by the user, will be replaced or repaired at no charge.











products

see the many styles in harper trucks’ complete line of all-welded tubular steel, aluminum and
                    nylon hand trucks. noted for quality, harper hand trucks have become an industry accepted
                    standard. preferred by professionals.
view products






dealer locator

contact harper trucks customer service at 800-835-4099.
                
find a dealer


























































retailers

since 1953, our mission has been to sell the highest quality products in the market. our products
                    are sold nationwide through authorized distributors.
                
find a retailer






harper trucks, inc. © 2017 - powered by enfold wordpress theme
youtubelinkedinfacebook






scroll to top






