



	welcome - hillsborough.wateratlas.org



























                    an edition of: wateratlas.org

presented by: hillsborough county, usf water institute


other water atlases

choose a water atlas
chnep water atlas
hillsborough county water atlas
lake county water atlas
manatee county water atlas
orange county water atlas
pinellas county water atlas
polk county water atlas
sarasota county water atlas
seminole county water atlas
tampa bay water atlas







 hillsborough county water atlas 











search:


search

















toggle menu




home

discover




discover atlas features
lake and pond management programsthe lake and pond management programs help residents develop adaptive management strategies to keep lakes and ponds healthy and environmentally sustainable
sea level rise & "blue carbon"visualize tampa bay sea level rise and changes to coastal habitats and the resulting "blue carbon" benefits
recreational water quality mapuse this map to quickly view recent water quality results from recreational areas throughout hillsborough county
water quality dashboardview current water quality conditions for lakes, rivers and bays utilizing new dashboard technology that features dynamic maps, filters and gauges


water quality trendsview an analysis of water quality trends over a ten-year period, showing areas of improvement and decline
water quality hotspotsthe hotspot analysis provides a quick view of where pollutant concentrations are much higher or lower than the hillsborough county average
water-related newsbe informed about important water-related news with implications in hillsborough county and elsewhere
video gallerywatch these videos to learn how to protect and enjoy hillsborough county's waterways
more 






contour mapping







maps / data




browse maps and data applications
advanced mapping applicationthis interactive map brings all water resource-related information together in one place
real-time data mapperuse this interactive map to find data from continuously-reporting monitoring stations
data downloaduse this tool to graph water resource data and to download data for your own analysis
water resource searchfind a particular water resource on any of the water atlas websites using this tool


water quality contour mapsvisualize spatial and temporal changes in important water quality measures
recreational water quality mapuse this map to quickly view recent water quality results from recreational areas throughout hillsborough county
bathymetry mapperuse this interactive map to view bathymetric contours (i.e., depths) for lakes in hillsborough county.
rainfallview the latest rainfall amounts, radar-based rainfall estimates, or near-realtime rainfall data
more 






tidal stream assessments







learn






tampa bay restoration





browse learn applications
tampa bay restorationfind information about habitat-enhancement projects in the tampa bay watershed from 1970 to the present
stormwater educationfind information to help homeowners, businesses, and contractors reduce stormwater pollution
librarysearch our library of water-related documents, maps, websites, videos and organizations
regulationscheck this list to find out who to call to report problems or to ask questions about rules, regulations, and permitting


water-related newsbe informed about important water-related news with implications in hillsborough county and elsewhere
calendar of eventsuse this calendar to find opportunities for recreation, volunteering, and citizen participation
video gallerywatch these videos to learn how to protect and enjoy hillsborough county's waterways
photo gallerysee recent and historic photos of area waterways, submitted by water atlas sponsors, partners and users
more 






participate






program information & signup





browse participate applications
adopt-a-pond programhelping citizens learn to maintain their neighborhood ponds by providing them with the resources and expertise they need.
lake management assistanceenvironmentally sustainable management strategies to help achieve improvements in water quality and lake ecosystems.
program information & signuplearn about ways you can help to restore tampa bay's watersheds.


report pollutionsee a water quality problem happening? report it here.
contribute historicaldo you have old photos or documents, or an interesting water-related story to tell? let us know.
add to librarywe welcome user submissions of documents, organizations, videos, etc.
more 


























previous



next











welcome to the hillsborough county water atlas
helping researchers, resource managers, and the general public better understand and appreciate florida's water resources.





find a waterbody
 loading page...

















aerials
topographic
streets
national geographic









type the name of a water resource in the box below.

water resource name


search







popular resources
near me






                                hillsborough river
                                
                            



                                hillsborough bay
                                
                            



                                thonotosassa, lake
                                
                            



                                old tampa bay
                                
                            



                                alafia river
                                
                            



                                hillsborough river watershed
                                
                            


find nearby waterbodies




please allow 
                        hillsborough county water atlas
                        access to your location.


hillsborough county water atlas
                            uses your location to show local water bodies that are closest to your location.  




looking for water resources



unable to access your location information

                        geolocation is not supported by your browser. consider updating your browser or switching to a modern browser to use this feature.
                    

                        permission to access location was denied.
                        
                    

an unknown error occurred trying to access your location. please try refreshing the page.


an unknown error occurred trying to find waterbodies near you. please try refreshing the page.


no waterbodies were found around you.





waterbody on a different wateratlas. 
                








popular resources








recent news


                district aims to reduce risk of wildfires by scheduling prescribed fires in the green swamp 
                

                eastern hillsborough county homeowners with wells should be prepared for near-freezing temperatures 
                

                district to hold public workshop for lake tarpon surface water improvement and management (swim)
                

                tampa bay water’s regional reservoir reaches full capacity thanks to conservation efforts and surplu
                

                tampa bay water announces seven water conservation and protection mini-grant recipients
                

view more news 




upcoming events































×
event details





view full event
close


view all events 





photo of the week




string-lily at lake thonotosassa



view more photos 


featured video









view more videos 





popular tools

library
data download
realtime data and map
advanced mapping
water quality contour mapping





how can you help?

report water pollution
get involved
submit a photo
submit a document
contribute historical information





atlas facts
97,176,994
total number of samples stored within the hillsborough county water atlas data warehouse









discover

water quality dashboard
water quality trends
water quality hotspots
sea level rise evaluation
recreational water quality map
lake and pond management programs



maps / data

waterbody search
advanced mapping application
recreational water quality map
real-time data mapper
data download
water quality dashboard
bathymetry mapper
contour mapping
rainfall
tidal stream assessments
sea level rise evaluation
metadata



learn

adopt-a-pond program
stormwater education
digital library
water-related news
calendar of events
tampa bay restoration
photo gallery
video gallery
regulations



participate

adopt-a-pond program
get involved
report pollution
contribute historical info
add to library



about

an edition of wateratlas.org
about the atlas
contact us
accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
connect with us










                the usf water institute is committed to ensuring that our websites conform with accessibility support guidelines for people who need to use assistive technologies. 
                we are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards. 
                view our accessibility statement for more information.





		    copyright © 2001 - 2025  usf water institute, school of geosciences, college of arts and sciences, university of south florida
















