








news and info about stuck mojo - one of the best heavy rock bands ever! stuckmojo.net












 
















welcome to the time capsule that is stuckmojo.net! 



the year is 2013. time to take a look back. many of the links below are broken (but i am reworking this site now). the band is gone, no more (for now). 
but you will find here a record of what once was and some refreshed links to other places about stuck mojo! 
 
this site is here because i am as passionate about this music
as the musicians who made it. i absolutely love it. i just can't get enough.
crank it up!
so sure the guys went on to do other
things. that's life and that's great! i look forward to hearing the new
stuff. in the meantime, the mojo will live on here and elsewhere on the
net. there are a lot of great mojo sites out there and i don't want to
duplicate them here. i will however reproduce content that may be gone
from the net. 
ok on this web page stuck
mojo rock
under "the kidd speaks out" is the fascinating story about how a fan of the group got to
join the band and is now part of fozzy. a must read! 
questions, comments, news?! email


their catalog of music is still available and the dvd may be as well:






stuck mojo mp3's!




pigwalk




rising




southern born killers




declaration of a headhunter






stuck mojo is back baby!!! back!!!!!!!!!!!! - 



july 4th, 2007 -  
i am sorry to fellow devoted fans out there for 2.5 years (bang head against wall!) for no 
updates. i get email sometimes and i respond though. personal life has just been crazy and
have not had time to update. however, now, it's time! in fact i need to look at a complete site 
redesign. i have taken some web classes and something good should come out of that for here! 
anyway, stuck mojo are back and there are a few different sites to go to along with some forums
for discussion. i present links here for you:






the new official stuck mojo website


stuck mojo forum


german/intl stuck mojo site


mojo's new album - southern born killers









stuck mojo dvd
released - get
yours now!


1-3-2005
-  keepin’ it real - stuck mojo fans new and old will not want to
miss this long awaited opportunity to get their hands on the new dvd with
over three hours of content including rare interviews and live footage.
and since this is only part one, i can’t wait to see what they have for
part two! for a band as solid and influential in the heavy rock genre as
stuck mojo, until now there is very little media such as music videos,
interviews and live concert footage out there that a fan can find. however
with a band that has over a 10 year history you know that this stuff has
to be out there somewhere. and that somewhere was in the hands of the band
who have finally compiled and released their history on this new dvd in
the form of interviews, behind the scenes footage, short video documentaries,
appearances on mtv, live clips and scores of photos, all dating from 1992
to 2004.  read
more here


possible new
stuck mojo cd and tour - 
10-29-2004 - rich ward has said
the following: "bonz has called me periodically for the last 6 months or
so to talk about the future of stuck mojo.... after a couple of conversations,
we recently agreed to put our “stuff” aside and to write a new record.
at this time i can't make any promises other than to my commitment to write
the best mojo record ever." read
more here. . .
new rich ward
forums -
10-27-2004 - the duke rocks, rich
ward's new website has launched a forum to discuss past, present and future
projects including stuck mojo. check
them out here.
interview with
bonz about his new project - 
10-31-2004 - read an interview with
bonz
here. his new website www.deadgospel.com
is now online!



october 2004:
well it's been about a year since
any updates but now it's time because there is actually some news to report
on! several things. cafu is no longer. rich is now working on his own project
called the duke
and you can check out his awesome
new website. the site features various media clips as well as news
and coments written by rich himself! get on the duke's email list for the
latest updates. 
now for some really cool
mojo news: stuck mojo is putting out a brand new dvd, "inside the monster:
the evilution of stuck mojo vol. i", featuring live footage and interviews
and more available on novemeber 20th. check it out on the new
website, stuck mojo media. we will be posting a review shortly after
its release. read the press release
about the dvd.
other items:
i'm not sure if 420 monks is still
around or not (it's not). i got an email with some info about a new project
that bonz is working on and here's the scoop:


 

i've been working with bonz and his new set of faces in a project called
"dead gospel".  it's all brand new material, and they've already got
a show scheduled at "the last great watering hole" in tucker, ga on november
5th.  i've been helping them with some pre-production work before
they get ready to enter in the studio to cut an lp.  the guys have
been practicing 5 to 6 days a week in midtown atl so they asked me to get
the word out and about to those who'd be interested in hearing what bonz's
new band's got to offer.
look for www.deadgospel.com
to come to fruition in (or hopefully before)  november.
rock on,
-s. kelly
ps; the show on november 5th is free (21 and up!) with uncrowned
and 
threat 13.

 










 


the
duke


420
monks


fozzy


sound
device


 
 

 

stuck mojo

 



the
gauntlet


jahnke.net


namsnet
vids




hard
radio interview


century
media bio/info


yahoo
groups




stuck
mojo rock


shoutweb
interview


antimtv
interview




voyage
magazine article


stuckmojo.de


google
search results




korean
rich ward page

 
 


 

other stuff

 



howard
stern


helmet
is back!


slayer




killswitch
engage


lamb
of god


shadows
fall


 




news archive

october 2003:
in 2000 stuck mojo was done, broken
up. apparently however they have played new year's eve reunion concerts
including this past dec. 31, 2002. and will wonder's ever stop but they
recently played a gig at ziggy's
in winston salem, nc on feb. 28th 2003!!!! yeeha! and there may be more
yet to come!
for more information and for info
about rich ward's
new band cafu,
check out the links below! bonz's new band is called 420
monks so check them out too! also note that fozzy
is a band that features wwe wrestler chris jericho as well as rich ward
and the kidd. 
at rich ward's site you can get cd's
of his latest music and also (don't know about now) a rare instrumental
verision of declaration of a headhunter. no true mojo fan can do without
that! also note that if you want to see the video for rising, stick
your rising cd in your pc's cd drive and run one of the batch files (read
the readme.txt file)!
 
10-22-2003:
craig maule leaves 420 monks and
billy grey leaves sickspeed/cafu.
soundevice is a new group featuring
erik rogers from stereomud, craig maule from 420 monks and billy grey of
sickspeed/cafu. music, tourdates and pics are available at these links.
checkout soundevice at:
http://www.soundevice.net
yahoo street team:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/soundevice/
 





welcome to the stuckmojo.net amazon store. please turn off any ad blocker to support the site, thanks! 
 

 


 


 


 


 




 


deals / fire stick / kindle fire / hdx, wi-fi, paperwhite!!!






 
shop amazon - countdown to black friday in camera, photo & video 

 


shop amazon - give the gift of amazon prime

 


try amazon prime 30-day free trial

 


amazon fire tv stick


 





 




amazon fire tv stick


 



all-new kindle paperwhite, 6" high-resolution display (300 ppi) with built-in light, wi-fi - includes special offers



 



new fire hd 8, hd, wi-fi, 8 gb - includes special offers


 



new kindle fire kids





 



new fire tv


 




kindle, 6" glare-free touchscreen display, wi-fi - includes special offers


 




amazon echo



 



fire, 7" display, wi-fi, 8 gb - includes special offers






 




playstation 4 500gb console - star wars battlefront bundle



 




xbox one 1tb console - fallout 4 bundle


 



breaking bad: the complete series (+ultraviolet digital copy) [blu-ray]


 



lego minecraft the nether 21106 






 


amazon gift cards




 


promotions:





 


join amazon prime - watch over 40,000 movies 


amazon halloween shop - costumes, candy 

shop amazon - kids' halloween store


shop amazon - all - new kindle paperwhite


shop amazon's kindle accessories store


shop amazon - cell phones


shop amazon - unlocked iphones


shop amazon electronics - get 20 or more off select laptops


shop amazon's new kindle fire




 
 amazon.com widgets

search amazon

 
 






 




this site is a member
of webring. to browse visit here.

 









 



 



 






























 

 


https://www.casabrunarecats.com/img/.def/schreiben-t/index.html
http://parkhya.org/arcticfox/infos/index.html
https://kfstock.at/media/web/no-lng/index.html
https://sgpoertschach.at/wordpress/app/index.html
https://manuscriptevidence.org/images/.abs/index.html
https://www.konzertjunkie.com/wp-content/uploads/.2024app/zos/index.html
https://www.southamericanpostcard.com/wapp/index.html
https://inmox.com/.tmb/www/index.html
https://spielgruppegibeligaeub.ch/.well-known/app/letra-s/index.html
https://oberhaushof.ch/wp-content/uploads/.stat/bokstaven-o/index.html
https://ashsoan.com/wp-content/uploads/stat/index.html
https://harfen-service.ch/img/.ftp/character-m/index.html



