


woody allen movies: fan reviews of woody's movies, books, dvds
























movie guide   movie music
woody allen quotes   bookstore






woody allen movies
the
        films of woody allen | comedy | independant movies 
       www.woodyallenmovies.com



	"it's not that i'm afraid to die, i just don't want to be there when it happens." -
        woody allen
		




woody allen's other works

books, essays, scripts, plays


              news & website updates 

  amazon.com widgets



shop for juicers at
betterjuice.com



 
 

woody allen is one of film's best-known figures. writing and directing
        a movie almost every year since 1965, his collection ranges from comedy
        to the dramatic. allen retains significant creative control over his
        projects, eliciting envy from almost any other film producer in hollywood.
        despite small production budgets, he also commands the ability to attract
        top-name talent to his films.
         woody allen was born allan koningsberg on december 1, 1935, in brooklyn,
          new york. as a child, he was introverted, hated school and spent most
          of his free time alone in his room practicing magic tricks or his clarinet.
          as a teen, he began his career by reading his own one-line jokes to
          new york columnists walter winchell and earl wilson. in 1952 he changed
          his name to woody allen.
         since that time, allen has written over sixty movie scripts and directed over fourty films, and this does not include any
		of his books, plays and comedy work.
		  
		  allen continues to produce a new film a year, recently filming his latest set of films in europe to much critical acclaim, such as
		  2005's match point 
		  with jonathan rhys meyers and scarlett johansson.
		  
		  
		  
		  
        



		
		many fans would consider his most popular films to be annie
            hall, manhattan, hannah
            and her sisters and radio
            days. allen, however, has many more films to his credit. it is
            not generally known that he also has made several purely dramatic
            films, the quality of which is considered, in some cases, to be uneven
            and debatable.
         the woody allen film guide is a compendium of information on woody
          allen's movies. other areas of this website contain biographical books,
          famous quotes, collectible movie posters and trivia. if you have corrections
          or questions for us, please contact us at moc.seivomnellaydoow@nibrof_solkim. 
      






woody allen moviespromote your page too


website news: 
			  reviewed: the orangj symphonette jazz quintet records music from a woody allen movie.
			  
			  we review roman polanski's 2010 movie the ghost writer. 
		
the 2000 year old man (the complete history cd) gets a great birthday present this year with this newly minted cd.
		
         	  listen to the spanish guitar music from the vicky cristina barcelona soundtrack. 

 woody allen film
                  guide. 
            




 
              order a nostalgia family video catalog from catalogs.com



















woody allen movies is a fan website, not an official website. 
	please note: we are in no way associated or endorsed by mr. allen.
    contact us: moc.seivomnellaydoow@nibrof_solkim 

© 2012 mesquite management corp. -- all rights reserved








