



  



























management research group | lea 360™ suite leadership assessments















































 +1.207.775.2173
 +353.1.280.4430













assessments

lea and lea 360 suite
individual directions inventory

team development with the idi


personal directions
sales performance assessment


about mrg

mrg team
adjunct coaching partners


blog
resource hub

engage

conference
webinar
certification


research
blog
technology
knowledge base
quest


calendar
contact us







insights with the power to transform.
unlock potential with assessments that create self-awareness and a roadmap for growth.
   let's talk






you want to help people be successful. sometimes that can be challenging. when that happens, taking stock is the first step, mrg can provide the partnership and perspective you need. our research-based, actionable assessments are grounded in our belief that given the right tools, people have the ability to grow and succeed.
assessments that inspire positive change:

learn how we'll partner with you to chart a course toward success


1
engage
first, we discuss and identify the goals you're trying to achieve. this helps us create context and develop a plan to set you up for success.


2
discover
the assessment phase reveals individual strengths, unproductive patterns and roadblocks. the insights gained create awareness, reveal potential, illuminate opportunities and form the cornerstone for development plans.


3
grow
the outcome is more engaged, productive people who work better together, and continue to build on that sense of accomplishment. ultimately, what enthuses them infuses everything.



get in touch to learn more about mrg assessments



 


trusted around the globe for over 40 years.

43 countries
1900+ certified practitioners
1.2 million+ participants





resource hub
quest




for north and south america, australia, new zealand, and asia: +1.207.775.2173  for europe, middle east, and africa: +353.1.280.4430



©  management research group


privacy policy


 


















