









firstcomm | stay unified. stay secure. stay connected.

































 












log in

login to our customer management portal to:

make bill payments
submit & view support tickets
view product & account information
create billing reports
access other portals
access support related resources


network updates













products

unified communications
ms teams integrations
sd-wan
managed security
sip trunking/voice services
contact center
call center


partner solutions
company

career center
legal


resources
blog
 

contact us
schedule free demo










search













one-stop shop for all your business telecom needs
telecom is complex, we simplify it for you and let you focus on your core business. we are customer and telecom obsessed. you'll experience one bill, one line of support and human interaction - no chatbots
see our products











products for every business need
from agile business communication tools (ucaas) to secure and managed security services (sd-wan), our solutions offer everything you need to keep employees and customers connected and engaged in the era of remote work.





unified communications



sd - wan



network security 



sip trunking/voice services 



contact center



call center 





learn more









why companies choose firstcomm
companies across the us trust and rely on firstcomm to deliver high-quality, reliable solutions and best in class support day over day. for over 22 years, the firstcomm team has focused on offering a variety of flexible and reliable business resources, to empower our clients to take business communications and connectivity to new levels.

learn more






partnership you can trust
our promise, has and always will be, to stand alongside our partners, every step of the way. our commitment is to help you exceed business expectations. 





dedicated to client success
the firstcomm team is dedicated to our customers. from product deployments to customer care, our team will ensure you're set up for success.





reliable, agile business solutions
our cutting-edge solutions parallel growing business demands while ensuring network reliability when unexpected connectivity challenges occur. 











success stories & press
at firstcomm, we define our success by the successful journey of our customers and partners. check out a few of our customer stories and press releases.










learn how scratch off systems was able to optimize workforce collaboration by implementing new ucaas solutions into their business communications. 

read customer story








the new microsoft teams integration, uc teams, has officially launched - complimenting firstcomm's robust and powerful ucaas, network & security solutions. 

read press release








hear from our clients and partners, around their experiences with firstcomm products and services, customer support and business development.

read customer reviews















enhance microsoft teams voice capabilities
firstcomm’s new microsoft teams integration "uc teams" elevates business voice capabilities.






make/receive calls on microsoft teams 
enhance ms teams collaboration beyond chat and meetings - with additional call flexibility.





compatible with pc, mac, or mobile 
uc teams runs on pc, mac, or mobile devices so calls can be taken from any device or location. 





phone system functionality within teams 
integrate business features and devices through uc teams, keeping business continuity strong. 





no additional hardware required 
us teams runs on existing ms teams accounts; no additional hardware or software required.

















the numbers say it all
firstcomm is a leading technology solutions provider offering data networking, voice, and managed services throughout the midwest.



20+
years experience


3000+
firstcomm partners


35000+
customers nationwide


99.999% 
sla level











our history

firstcomm holds over two decades of experience in unified communications. our telecom passion evolved into communications excellence. since 1998, our journey has evolved into incredible ucaas solutions that gain momentum, year over year. 
learn more 


our culture

with over 22 years of industry experience and a passion for going above and beyond, the firstcomm family truly embraces our company, our community, our partners and of course, our customers. learn more about the firstcomm family.
learn more 


our mission

at firstcomm, our passion and authentic desire to help our clients and partners stems from our shared company mission: “at firstcomm, we embody a 'customer first' approach in everything we do.  we strive to empower our customers and partners with powerful communication tools that redefine workforce collaboration - creating value and flexibility for keeping your business connected, secure, and unified.”
learn more 










our partners
























































want to connect with us?
if you’re curious about pricing and functionality and want to see first-hand what our products can do for you, connect with us! 

request a quote
schedule a demo











newsletter
get the latest news from firstcomm
  




site mapproducts
partner solutions
company
articles & news
contact
user guides



productsunified communications

uc teams


sd-wan
managed security
sip trunking/voice services
contact center
call center



contact us
3340 west market street akron,  ohio 44333
+1 800.860.1261
info@firstcomm.com

social media










© 2025 firstcomm all rights reserved














