







	ironworkers local 63 | architectural & ornamental 






















click to call
member login
apprenticeship information









































home
                                    



about us
                                    





sitemap





about local 63
union wellness centers
members/online dues
officers
history
territorial
newsletter




services
organizing
wage rates
government info.
news archive
links








events
                                    



training / apprenticeship                                    
                                    






sitemap





training center
building program
fence program
contact information








contractors
                                    



contact
                                    



















                            welcome to
                        

                            ironworkers 63
                        

our union workforce is talented and motivated. their livelihood hinges on the quality of work that they produce, which results in a high level of dedication to quality on your project. research has proven that union construction is of higher quality than non-union.



about us




















training center
experienced ironworkers can become certified welders, advance to foreman and superintendent and can become leaders in their local union.
		 learn more





benefits office
for active participants, retired participants and families, a library of all the documents you need to manage your employee benefits, and more.
		 learn more 





contractors
need a contractor? search out local directory for the right individual for the job! we have the person you are looking for!
		 click here





63 members
login to the members only section of our site to view member information and pay your dues online.
		 click here












welcome to ironworkers 63


                            our union workforce is talented and motivated. their livelihood hinges on the quality of work that they produce, which results in a high level of dedication to quality on your project. research has proven that union construction is of higher quality than non-union.
                        










training facility designed to iron out labor shortage
https://www.enr.com/articles/58006-training-facility-designed-to-iron-out-labor-shortage
 
ironworkers local 63 groundbreaking from skyline construction on vimeo.
iw 63 constructing ‘statement piece’ glass training facility
https://www.usglassmag.com/2023/09/iw-63-constructing-statement-piece-glass-training-facility/
welcome to ironworkers local 63 

iron workers local #63 is an organization that has represented those performing architectural and ornamental iron work in the chicagoland area since 1903. we have the distinction of being the only, strictly architectoral and ornamental local within the international association of bridge, structural, ornamental, and reinforcing iron workers. 

local #63 strives to provide its members with job information, training programs at an accredited school, and quality fringe benefits. you can see our members installing decorative store fronts on michigan avenue, erecting dazzling curtainwall systems on chicago’s skyline, as well as monumental stairs in impressive lobbies. our skilled members also do work that might be overlooked to the untrained eye such as fire escape stairs, temporary fence, and miscellaneous support metals. 

over 130 companies and contractors have an active relationship with local #63, partnering with our members to make chicago a city second to none. there is no job too big or too small that one of our signatory contractors cannot handle.  local #63 is interested in promoting great labor relations, and our goal is to, with the help of our members, get the job done right the first time and on budget. 






i.m.p.a.c.t. news





                    young people don’t need college to live well





                    new bluebeam research reveals growing ai use in construction, but regulatory & talent challenges persist





                    california doles out $3.8b for transportation improvements





                      billions in infrastructure in poor condition in canada





                    ironworkers local 549 plans $3.5m expansion in wheeling






news archive
to see previous articles please click here .

click for archive
												


















ironworker services


unitized curtainwall systems
fence and guardrail
steel and glass canopies
ornamental and temporary fence
glass handrail
monument and artwork erection
miscellaneous metals
specialty construction
signature projects




ironworker services


architectural metals
ornamental metals
fence and guardrail



local #63 has a large hand in the most prominent features of our great city. you can’t 
                                walk a block in the loop without being surrounded by a curtain wall system, store front, 
                                or window wall system that local #63’s members and contractors made happen. we are always 
                                improving our members knowledge in what architects dream up when they draw the plans of 
                                these buildings. architectural metal panels, curtain wall window systems, store fronts, 
                                stick wall systems, whatever envelope closes up a building, our members have the skills 
                                to erect on time and under budget.

the skills involved in architectural metals differ largely than that of ornamental 
                                 metals. although rigging and welding can be found on these projects, caulking and making 
                                 prestine cuts on aluminum trim take center stage. so the next time you see a fin wall 
                                 system in a stylish lobby on randolph and wacker, or the reflection of the sun rise off 
                                 of the curtain wall of one museum park, you have seen the handy work of local #63.


there isn’t much work that local #63 ironworkers perform in chicago and its vicinity
                                    that doesn’t profoundly contribute to the exterior of the buildings that we work on, but
                                    ornamental metals has some of this behind the scenes work. performing ornamental metal
                                    work requires our members to be well rounded with a different skill set than what is required
                                    on working with architectural metals. a few skills that are in high demand is the skill of being a
                                    certified welder, in various processes, as well as using an oxygen/acetylene torch to make
                                    surgical cuts when fitting steel together in the field.

by different means, which include gas tungsten arc welding (gtaw), flux-cored arc
                                    welding (fcaw), and shielded metal arc welding (smaw) the skilled workers of local #63 erect
                                    monumental stairs that are a center piece of an upscale commons area in kellogg school of
                                    management or stainless-steel rail lining the chicago river as it winds through the city. some of
                                    the ornamental metal work that our members build cannot be seen from plain sight but that
                                    doesn’t mean that it is not there. chandelier support steel, fire escape stairs, and catwalks in
                                    theaters as well as arenas are just some of the behind the scenes work that we do.


local #63 has had a deep history with fence and gaurdrail work in the city. our members erect 
                                temporary fence on jobsites and public events, ornamental fence in front of grand entrance ways, 
                                and the very guardrail that protects you as you are driving on the highway. through an apprenticeship, 
                                local #63 members, learn every facet of fence and guardrail. our members are skilled erectors using 
                                machines to set fence posts, welding processes to put together decorative fence, and flagging and 
                                marking skills to safely install guardrails. just like the architectural metals aspect of local #63’s 
                                jurisdiction, fence and guardrails are out in plain sight for all the world to see.    




























we attract and retain the highest quality, dedicated individuals with an attractive wage, benefits package, and career track. we are truly a brotherhood and seek those individuals who are committed to the same values we hold in our union.


union address



2205 enterprise dr ste #502,
		                         westchester, il 60154

phone: 708.344.7727



training address



2523 lexington st
                                    broadview, il 60155

phone: 708.345.6067

fax: 708.345.6079







sitemap

home
about us
events
training
apprenticeship
contractors
contact




affiliates















social icons






















                    © all rights reserved, ironworkers 63 | 
					terms & conditions |
					privacy policy |
					refund policy | developed by unionlaborworks


























