








statistics help - matstat


















we
  make statistics very easy for you. 




 

  the optimal
  threshold p-value
  for a
  scientific journal 

  supplementary material
  for optimal threshold
  paper 

 
the
  war on statistical significance: the american
  statistician vs. the new england
  journal of medicine

 
two problematic
  promises on page
  one of the
  tas special issue
  on statistical
  inference 
 
the p-value
  is best
  to detect effects 
 
should we
  change the name
  of the field of
  of statistics to 
  "data science"? 



services for
  researchers 
services for 
  students 
our goal 
our 
  experience 
free 
consultation 



the
  introductory 
  statistics course 
sums
  of squares
  in unbalanced
  analysis of
  variance



we
  help researchers and students to plan, execute, and interpret scientific
  research projects.  our tools are the simple principles of the
  scientific method and the powerful methods of modern statistics. 
if you are experienced in statistical methods, we offer a careful review
  of the efficiency of your planned research.  we also offer help in
  analyzing your research results and help in writing exemplary research
  reports.  our services are listed in more detail below.
if you are less experienced, we offer the above services along with
  careful explanations that remove the intimidating aspects of
  statistics.  we have a deep appreciation of the difficulty many people
  have understanding the use of statistics in research. 
services for researchers
we can 

work with you to
       design a cost-effective scientific research project that is capable of
       decisive conclusions
analyze your data with
       optimal statistical methods to obtain sound and comprehensive
       conclusions
prepare an exemplary
       scientific research report with easy-to-understand discussion and
       professional graphics.

services for students
note: we are sorry to say that student services are presently
  unavailable due to our commitments to other projects. if you are a student in
  need of statistics help, you can search the web for "statistics
  help" (without the quotation marks) and then send a detailed description
  of your project to promising firms. (the more clear details you send, the
  better.) then consider choosing the firm that sends the best reply.
we enjoy helping students to understand how statistical principles are
  used in scientific research. most of our student work involves helping (via
  email) with the statistical aspects of research for a student's ph.d. or m.a.
  dissertation or thesis.  we also sometimes help students with homework
  assignments.  (but we don't do homework assignments for
  students.)  answers to students' frequently asked questions about our
  services are available here.
our goal
our goal is to make statistics easy for you. 
our experience
donald macnaughton, the president of matstat, earned a four-year b.a. from
  the university of toronto and then (to satisfy his interests) returned as a
  special undergraduate student to take more undergraduate courses.  he
  spent nine years altogether taking courses in statistics, experimental
  psychology, computing, engineering science, logic, education, and
  philosophy.  during the seventh year he began providing statistical
  consulting services to some of his psychology professors.  he left
  university in 1975 and since then has worked at studying, consulting in, and
  writing about the use of statistics in scientific research.  his main
  interest is in making statistical concepts easier for users of statistics to
  understand.
he has managed the statistical aspects of research in the fields of
  experimental psychology, zoology, drug dependence, nursing, education,
  business, geography, physical education, and inmate rehabilitation, among
  others.  he has given talks at statistical meetings and published
  internet articles about improving the introductory
  statistics course and about the mathematics and philosophy of unbalanced analysis of variance. 
  he holds memberships in the american statistical association, the royal
  statistical society, the international association for statistical education,
  and the statistical society of canada. 
free
  consultation

please write for a free consultation. 
matstat
  research consulting inc
  30 greenfield ave., suite 1503
  toronto, on m2n 6n3
  canada
email: info@matstat.com
 
return to top




 



