



alabama association for persons in supported employment












skip navigation  
    |   join the e-mail list  | jobs | 
     ask us    
    









home ~ about ~ supported 
  employment ~ board ~ legislation 
  ~ links ~ membership 
  ~ calendar ~ newsletter 
  ~ employers







2025 al-apse conference - let your dreams set sail
        renaissance mobile riverview plaza hotel
        june 25th - 27th
      early bird pricing ends may 1st!
        this year’s apse conference is returning to the port city of mobile in june. mobile is described as funky, feisty and festive. this town can be called a lot of things with its vibrant 300-year history with lots of stories to tell and long standing traditions celebrated on a regular basis. once called the paris of the south, mobile has a long been the cultural center of the gulf coast and all find an authentic experience like nowhere else in the southern united states. alabama apse agrees! since the late 1990’s this city has welcomed thousands of attendees for many state apse conferences and also the national apse conference in 2005. we expect nothing less this year. 
make sure to book your room early so can enjoy the spectacular views of mobile bay and have endless opportunities to network with colleagues and also make new connections.
conference registration and tentative agenda (pdf)      
 

 






alabama apse is seeking individuals to join our board. we want people interested in supporting our mission - to expand and improve employment opportunities for people with disabilities. board members must be active members of apse.
 to learn more about membership, visit www.apse.org interested individuals should send a letter of interest to: alabama apse po box 240691 montgomery, al 36124 in your letter, please explain why you think you are a good fit for the organization. list your current work and past work that included supporting people with disabilities. also, please list any other organizations that you hold a membership. 
email: alabamaapse@aol.com if you have questions. we want you (pdf)
 

the al-apse, the network on employment was formed in 
        1997 as a chapter of apse, the network on employment. it is our goal to improve and expand 
        integrated employment opportunities, services, and outcomes for persons 
        with disabilities through employment with supports (supported employment).      
al-apse is a membership organization with members from all part of alabama. 
      this website is designed as a resource to: facilitate alabama's supported employment process for people with 
      disabilities; provide useful employment related information for alabamians with 
    disabilities; encourage the hiring of people with disabilities on a statewide level.





al-apse, the network on employment
po box 240691
    montgomery, al  36124
    email: byron.white@mh.alabama.gov



this site is made possible by a grant from the 
      alabama council for developmental disabilities


 
 



