









dogwood golf club | austell, ga | semi-private golf course - home


















































 home      public tee times


 member login      (770) 941-2202

 







 



golf& rates
course & historypublic tee timesmember tee timesgolf rates & feesinfo requestegolf specialsgift cardsbecomea member
value of membershipmembership info member loginoutings& banquets
outings & tournamentsmember tournament seriesplayer of the year standingsweddings & special eventsevents calendargolfacademy
academy hometeaching philosophyprofessional staffinstruction packages & feesadult golf programsjunior golf programscustom club fittingteam ross golfget golf readydiningspecials
dogwood grillegrille menudaily specialswednesday buffetthursday dinner specialsweekend breakfast specialscontactdirections
careers @ dogwoodcontact & directions/hours 
















 
slide 118 holes of championship golftee timesfor our lowest rates, book online right here on our website. come putt the best greens in town.
book a tee timeslide 218 holes of championship golfgolf outingswe guarantee golf outing success! we'll knock your group or charity outing out of the park! see why...
learn moreslide 318 holes of championship golfmembershipchoose from an array of membership categories to best suit your needs. loads of privileges and events await.
click hereslide 418 holes of championship golfspecial eventsif you're looking for a beautiful place to hold your wedding, dinner, reception, or banquet...we'll make it a success.
learn moreslide 518 holes of championship golfgolf specialsproviding your email address enters you in our dogwood's "egolf club", where you'll begin to receive exclusive specials.
join nowslide 618 holes of championship golfgolf academylooking to improve your game? dogwood is pleased to premier the dogwood golf academy, under the direction of team ross golf!
click hereslide 718 holes of championship golfdogwood grillegood southern cooking starts here. our grille is a favorite among these parts, with lunch & drink specials year-round.
click here 
























welcome to dogwood golf club
a truly unique hybrid club: open to the public mon-fri
open to the public monday-friday and selected times available saturday & sunday, dogwood's amenities include a driving range, practice green, grille, and a fully stocked pro shop (with big box store prices). we offer some of the best golf rates around.
fore magazine calls our club "one of the atlanta area's more unique golf facilities, even though the club remains little known in metro area golf circles outside its surrounding area." we've had praise from other organizations as well...


















the course

a beautiful course layout you can play every day. public tee times & memberships.
read more










dogwood grille

delectable local cuisine perfect for any occasion. lunch & drink specials year-round.
read more










special events

elegant outdoor wedding & banquet facilities that can accommodate up to 300 guests.
read more


























membership
why is dogwood golf club unique?
one of the best kept secrets in cobb county, dogwood is a semi-private facility in west marietta. located just off the east-west connector, halfway between cumberland and town center malls, it is convenient from the vinings, marietta, and kennesaw areas. our 11 membership categories are extremely competitive and our staff of professionals takes pride in treating our members as family.
watch our video 










 dogwood spotlight








golf outings
our professional staff is here to make your golf outing or charity event an overwhelming success. see why our patrons keep coming back, year after year.

learn more













events calendar
fear of missing out? see what's going on at dogwood this week. we have something 'on tap' for everyone, every month. get involved and enjoy the good life.

learn more


















ready to book a tee time?

click here







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar
 recent news







                                                    save $$ @ dogwood!                        
                        
                    
no reason to drive to the big box stores... our pro shop has big box prices on balls, gloves and many other name brand items!






                                                    membership has its privileges                        
                        
                    
a membership at dogwood is a great way to keep in touch with friends & provide opportunities to meet new people. give us a call at 770.941.2202 to learn about new promotions!






                                                    more good press on dogwood!                        
                        
                    
check out our newest article in golf georgia magazine 2021!!
click here






                                                    shout out to our sponsors!!!!                        
                        
                    
special thanks to our title sponsor, c.w. matthews contracting company, and our presenting sponsor, ruby collins general contractors, among many others who have showed us love along the way!















© dogwood golf club • 4207 flint hill road • austell, ga 30106(770) 941-2202 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm companyfollow via facebookfollow on instagramfollow via twittercontact us today!follow via youtubefollow via linkedin


















golf& rates
course & historypublic tee timesmember tee timesgolf rates & feesinfo requestegolf specialsgift cardsbecomea member
value of membershipmembership info member loginoutings& banquets
outings & tournamentsmember tournament seriesplayer of the year standingsweddings & special eventsevents calendargolfacademy
academy hometeaching philosophyprofessional staffinstruction packages & feesadult golf programsjunior golf programscustom club fittingteam ross golfget golf readydiningspecials
dogwood grillegrille menudaily specialswednesday buffetthursday dinner specialsweekend breakfast specialscontactdirections
careers @ dogwoodcontact & directions/hours


dogwood golf club4207 flint hill roadaustell, ga 30106



















