







maulfair medical center — home - alternative, complementary, integrative medicine, & chelation therapy in lehigh valley, pa


















































                home
              



              about
            



                articles/blog
              



                contact
              



              detox
            



              success stories
            



                podcast
              















                home
              



              about
            



                articles/blog
              



                contact
              



              detox
            



              success stories
            



                podcast
              














better health — naturallyyour body heals itself, we simply assisthealth restoration stories



  











dr. m passed away in march of 2022 …










conrad and wendy, executive director of the international college of integrative medicine during a washington, dc conference





sitting outside with his favorite tree across the creek towering over that corner of the dam, like sycamore trees do, i am struggling with his death and struggling with how to tell you. conrad died peacefully in the early morning with this favorite tree watching through the window by his bed, march 31st.our family needed this time, private time. we will scatter his ashes under this special tree as he wished.he loved being able to teach and help all his patients; you know how he would say, “you made my day! “ on hearing a patient comment about an improvement in their health. he meant it.he wanted to be a forester growing up so he spent his days off and weekends planting trees and cutting firewood at his farm — and after we married, at our home. he’d gather fallen wood for kindling and spend time cutting and stacking firewood — never complaining, actually loving the work and being outdoors.you can find his biography on our website, listen to his podcast, and read his articles to see the teacher in him. he used to reference the archaic definition of doctor in his seminars: learned man or teacher, never bringing attention to himself as learned but as a teacher. he felt it his duty as a doctor to teach people about how the body works. he studied health, not disease, when he set out to practice medicine independently. you could read a “pioneer’s story” on our website.he loved his patients and we were so blessed to have a life full of amazing people who were stepping outside the box to see what they might learn.what a life of service he lived. helping so many enjoy their life as he did his. so plant a tree or convert one to firewood — or both. take a walk in the woods for him.love to you and your family,coleen



the future…






embed block

        add an embed url or code.
        
          learn more





i want to continue to bring dr. m’s advice to you and will post his articles and educational pieces he offered his patients in an effort to forward his desire as a teacher.  he knew that when  you understand how the body works you can make better decisions regarding  your health and life style.without him i need to make my own way and will continue our airbnb in our home. but i also want to offer consulting for families with our organic homemaking ideas.  https://airbnb.com/h/natureretreatbartoi want to thank all who have sent cards or called and people who have inquired about his care, thank you for your kindness and interest as this has been a very rough time for me.  i want to celebrate his life and his work for you and for me.  please contact me through the website.  our office number forwards to me and i return messages promptly.   i am looking forward to hearing from you. coleen






“immunity is the integrated body system of organs, tissues, cells, and cell products that differentiates self from non-self and neutralizes potentially pathogenic organisms or substances.”

— stedman’s medical dictionary



in an article published by the new york post on march 24th, 2020, it was discussed how hospitals in new york are seeing positive outcomes using intravenous vitamin c for the treatment of covid-19. the maulfair medical center has been using intravenous vitamin c for many years to support the immune system, fight illness, and aid in the healing process. additionally, we utilize a variety other infusions to help our patients achieve and maintain optimal health. these intravenous infusions yield direct benefits as they bypass the digestive system, thus eliminating the concerns of malabsorption due to weakness in the digestive tract.we are not treating people in our office who are experiencing viral symptoms, rather we are helping them with recommendations for early treatment and prevention helping them to remain healthy.we are currently offering a focused evaluation for new or prospective patients. this evaluation focuses on your current health, immune concerns, and how to maintain your health during these uncertain times. we are also accepting new patients for full diagnostic and wellness evaluations and in-depth personal treatment recommendations. dr. maulfair has over 40 years of clinical experience in changing the course of patient’s health. strong immune systems prevent illness, thus maintaining health and this has been a cornerstone of our practice for decades.call the office today at 610-682-2104 for more information! 




    help us help you, with a quick survey
  



the maulfair medical center is a family medical center — helping people of all ages and all conditions. unlike most "healthcare" providers, we specialize in health preservation and restoration — rather than disease management.dr conrad maulfair has been improving the health of his patients for over 40 years utilizing medical modalities that are noninvasive and not usually available in mainstream medicine. looking for underlying causes, he alleviates many common ailments of aging and tough medical conditions that appear chronic.

 

we help with:

  

anginaarthritisdiabetesheart diseaseskin problemsweight controlprostate problemsbehavior problemshormone problemsmacular degenerationproblems of childhoodback and disc problemsneurodegenerative diseaseschronic and acute infections



allergiesneuropathyfibromyalgiaosteoporosisfungus infectionsthyroid conditionsdigestive problemscirculatory problemscholesterol problemsauto immune problemsirritable bowel syndromecandida or yeast problemsjoint and structural problemsand many more chronic issues

 

we utilize intravenous hydration, iv therapy, to assist our patients healing process as they return to normal function. intravenous therapy of many kinds has been a key reason why our results are so marked over 40 years of clinical experience assisting people returning to good health and graceful aging. we give our patients this advantage as digestion is often poor when illness sets in. most of our immune system resides in our guts so when you find symptoms setting in your know your immune system has failed you. when you utilize iv therapies you bypass faulty digestion and provide the body with needed nutrients directly. join us and find out how fast you can heal, for real. you can trust our extensive experience."i was having severe hip and abdominal pain for years. the pain increased over the years and i began having autoimmune signs and symptoms - increased fatigue, muscle and joint pain, rashes on my skin, cloudy thinking and an overall feeling of malaise. after i began the supplement and medication regimen i felt much better, but after the iv oxidation and nutrition treatments i felt like a cloud was lifted off my back. my skin cleared up, no joint pain, and my hip and abdominal pain had decreased by half.every iv treatment i receive i am a little closer to being healed. thanks dr. maulfair!"















true health carethe two largest companies in the lehigh valley are "health" networks. that said, either the area where we live has a very diseased-population or most doctors are practicing "disease management" and not true health care. take a moment and think about that.















partners in healthfrom healthy, organic food suppliers, and farm-to-table restaurants, to trusted diagnostic laboratories, green, environmentally-sustainable companies, and more — enjoy our collection of like-minded local and national resources we've acquired over the years.















dr maulfair's podcastaging gracefully without complications from chronic, degenerative diseases and health problems is within your reach and very possible. get "answers instead of prescriptions" with our weekly podcast. listen here or subscribe for free to get new episodes on itunes.

  



















































back to top
maulfair medical center, 5925 tilghman st #90, allentown, pa 18104610.682.2104info@drmaulfair.com


maulfair medical center5925 tilghman st, suite 90allentown, pa 18104(in the green hills commerce center)1-800-733-4065610-682-2104



the information on this website is not intended to diagnose or prescribe treatments for any illness or condition. the information on this website is intended for educational purposes only. discussions of specific patient signs/symptoms and specific treatment programs for a patient are done only in an office visit made directly with the patient. call our office to schedule an appointment.copyright © 2022 maulfair medical center – all rights reserved









