









handmade wooden personalized children's toys & furniture | cubby hole toys





























































































cubbyhole toys :     notice......   we have been having an issue getting legs for the stools.  the supplier has assured us they are getting back on track so we should be getting them this week.  we have orders ready to go once we get the legs. you will get the tracking as soon as your order ships.  we apologize for any inconvience...   
		
		    notice......   we have been having an issue getting legs for the stools.  the supplier has assured us they are getting back on track so we should be getting them this week.  we have orders ready to go once we get the legs. you will get the tracking as soon as your order ships.  we apologize for any inconvience...   


search for:

search





 account login |  new wholesaler registration






 skip to navigation
skip to content

 

have questions? give us a call: 847-426-2500

1090 rock road units 1 & 2 | east dundee, il 60118



search for:

search


 
 
menu
home
about us
shop
faq
reviews
contact us
home
about us
shop
faq
reviews
contact us
 



$0.00 0 items



 








shop all products
 






shop by category

 
			personalized puzzle stools (28) 


 
			personalized coat racks (1) 


 
			personalized name puzzles (5) 


fan favorites

white triple heart stool (copy)
$93.00
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


gift card
$25.00 – $75.00
select amount 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


personalized construction truck stool
$83.00
select options 



white triple heart stool
$93.00
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	






handmade wooden personalized children's toys & furniture 

custom children’s furniture in east dundee, il.
at cubby hole toys, we specialize in safe, personalized, durable toys for your children to enjoy for years to come. our customized wood stools, puzzles, coat racks, and children’s furniture are all carefully hand-crafted with each child in mind so they can stand up to rough playtime while capturing the imagination with bright, beautiful colors and paintings. 
we have been making wooden children’s toys for 25 years, and we take great pride in providing you with a safe and durable product to last you for many years! 
personalized puzzle stools
customizing your children’s toys and furniture gives them a special object to call their own and take pride in. it also helps reinforce reading skills, memory, color and letter recognition, as well as, other important developmental milestones. personalized puzzle stools make the perfect gift for a baby shower, meeting the new baby, or for celebrating a birthday.
our personalized puzzle stools are durable to withstand playtime and will remain strong and steady for years!
personalized name puzzles
our personalized name puzzles are great for children who are just learning how to spell. as your child plays with these smooth, colorful wood blocks, they also learn the letters of their name! each block is large and sturdy so that they can handle years of wear and tear, perfect for babies, infants, and young school children.
when you choose your puzzle, you can personalize it by adding your choice of colors.
personalized coat racks
it can be a challenge to get your kids to hang up their jackets and sweatshirts, neatly. an excellent way to encourage your children to tidy up more is by getting them a personalized coat rack.
your child’s custom coat rack can be mounted anywhere, and it includes their name made of solid wood. this is a great tool to help your children keep the home clean and teach them effective organization skills.
handmade personalized wood stools
as parents, it’s your job to help your growing child get to where they need to safely. that’s why we offer our handmade personalized wood stools for children that are designed to help your child learn, grow, and explore. when you purchase a hand-printed flip stool, you can choose the type of lettering and the colors for your stool to make it your own.
hand painted piggy banks
do you want to teach your children the importance of spending their money wisely? what better way to teach this valuable lesson than gifting them a customized hand-painted piggy bank!
at cubby hole toys, our piggy banks are painted and personalized on both sides. you can even have their birthday, weight, length, and time of birth added to the side of the bank.
gift cards for custom children’s toys
need a special gift, but you can’t decide what to get? send a gift card! the cubby hole lets you send gift cards that the recipient can use towards anything in our store.
*remember, all deliveries take about 4-8 weeks to come in, and your card will be charged at the time of the order!
**as a special thank you to any repeat customers once you place an order your account will be marked as a “preferred customer” this will give you an automatic discount of 10% on all future orders. 






x

	as a special thank you to any repeat customers once you place an order your account will be marked as a “preferred customer” this will give you an automatic discount of 10% on all future orders.you must create an account at checkout to be eligible








 

important infofrequently asked questions
terms & conditions
product safety
privacy policy
blog
 

my accountaccount details
orders
addresses
lost password
 


			© cubbyhole toys 2025
							
privacy policy 



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 



0







0			
			



cubbyhole toys
homeabout usshopfaqreviewscontact us

				× close panel			












































