


neighborhood and community organizations in queens and new york.

























 








neighborhood & community organizations in queens: commentary from lt. eric adams & more. find out what issues are affecting your neighborhood & what local politicians are doing for our communities.
              





connecting our community 
find out what
issues are affecting your neighborhood and others by clicking on queens
community at the left. there you will find information about many queens
organizations and what they are doing such as the cambria heights development
      corp., the north bellerose civic assoc., just
      to name a few. read what local politicians are doing for our
      communities from congressman gregory
      meeks, state senator malcolm smith, and city councilman leroy comrie, just to name a few.
read captain eric adams
of 100 blacks in law enforcements' article on law enforcement issues that effect
the community.
if you would like
information about your organization posted free
on townsunitedâ„¢ click here. if you would like your organization's web page linked to this site and
ours linked to yours email us at info@townsunited.com
want to be informed of updates and
site related information on townsunitedâ„¢?  complete the form below. (this
information will not be given to advertisers!)



name 
email 


town                 
            
birthday mm/dd/yy          


click the box next to the items that interest you.
adventure & outdoors                          
      movies 
                  automobiles                                        
      music   
                  computers & technology                     
      parenting / children  
                  cooking                                             
      personal finance 
                  entertainment /dining                         
            shopping 
                  health                                                
      sports   
                  home & gardening                             
      travel  
                                                              
            veterans affairs




 
â©2000 - 2006 townsunited all rights reserved.
terms of
      use/legal  
top
of page 

      





neighborhood & community organizations in queens: commentary from lt. eric adams & more. find out what issues are affecting your neighborhood & what local politicians are doing for our communities.
              





 

