


















psychology - lancaster university






































skip to content
accessibility help






                our use of cookies
            

                we use necessary cookies to make our site work. we'd also like
                to set optional cookies to help us measure web traffic and report
                on campaigns.
            

                we won't set optional cookies unless you enable them.
            



                accept optional cookies
            

                reject optional cookies
            



                cookie settings
            




















lancaster university home page
lancaster university


 for students
for staff
global partners
中文网站



 

















toggle menu









search toggle






 for students
for staff
global partners
中文网站



psychology search term






search






psychology search term

search






close main menu
×




 for students
for staff
global partners
中文网站




study



undergraduate

undergraduate degrees
our teaching
employability programme
open days



master's degrees

psychology of advertising msc
developmental disorders msc
developmental psychology msc
psychological research methods msc
psychology and behavioural analytics msc
scholarships and funding



phd

how to apply
current phd opportunities
phd supervisors
research themes



support

careers
accommodation
internships






research



research communities

developmental psychology
cognitive psychology
neuroscience and neurocognition
social processes



research labs

aberrant experience, awareness & emotion
babylab
emotion and communication
neuroscience of speech and action
word and category learning



research projects

peepo
tictac



research centres

security lancaster
centre for ageing research
centre for corpus approaches to social science
crest research






about us



about us

welcome
business and public engagement
jobs at lancaster



equality, diversity and inclusion

students
staff and researchers
athena swan
case studies



news and events

news
events
blogs



contact and find us

contact us
find us






people

















psychology
psychology is the science of the mind and behaviour. explore the world of psychology with us at lancaster, where curiosity meets understanding. our world class teaching and research help you gain insights that will change lives, empowering you to go out into the world ready to make a difference. find a course






linked icons








                download our undergraduate subject brochure              






                open days and tours              






                virtual open day              






                ask a student              














                                    undergraduate degrees                                

we're proud of our teaching standards, and the high-quality experience you will receive. it is one reason why our student employability is high and why students express satisfaction with their course. 








                                    master's degrees                                

our range of master's courses cater for graduates who wish to pursue a professional career in psychology or research. we offer high-quality supervision for students doing research degrees. 








                                    phd and postgraduate research                                

all of our academic staff are active researchers at the leading edge of their research field. we have an outstanding reputation for ongoing research in our specialist areas. 








                                    psychology employability programme                                

we offer you the chance to gain relevant, high-quality work experience. this opportunity can help you start a career specialism in professional psychology, such as clinical, forensic, educational or research. 












 

 








research













                                    developmental psychology                                

how do we develop an understanding of the world around us? we look at cognitive, social, emotional and language development from before birth through to adolescence. 








                                    cognitive psychology                                

what are the fundamental cognitive processes behind language, learning, memory, and attention? how does our understanding of cognition impact society? 








                                    neuroscience and neurocognition                                

how does the brain respond to different environments and govern cognitive function? we research how humans understand and process the world around us. 








                                    social processes                                

how do we develop definitions of morality or trust, and how do they affect our emotions in social interaction or decision making? 












latest news and events














previous button













first measure of infant curiosity as an early trait or individual difference
questionnaire created in the psychology department reliably captures differences in infants’ and toddlers’ overall curiosity and exploratory tendencies 










fst launches researcher career development group 
lancaster university’s faculty of science and technology (fst) researcher career development group (rcad) launched on december 13, 2024, co-chaired by abi frith, xiaoyun chen, luis pinho, and janine morley. the event focused on representing research staff, fostering career development, networking, and community building. 










hearing impairment may be a sign of increased risk of parkinson’s disease
there may be a link between hearing impairment and an increased risk of developing parkinson’s according to research led by lancaster university.  










exploring baby curiosity: lancaster study reveals how infants actively sample new information
lancaster researchers used gaze-contingent eye-tracking to study how infants explore unfamiliar animal-like categories based on curiosity. findings show babies alternate between focusing on one category and exploring another, with individual differences influencing learning patterns. 










itv interview psychology professor on children’s social media and technology use
itv's lake district & south cumbria reporter, fiona paterson, visited the infant & child development lab (formerly known as the babylab) at lancaster university for an interview with professor padraic monaghan.  












next button

























more news















19th
feb




research code clinic
wednesday 19 february 2025, 12:00pm to 4:00pm







21st
feb




ai discovery workshop: showcasing ai across campus
friday 21 february 2025, 10:00am to 3:00pm







26th
feb




research code clinic
wednesday 26 february 2025, 12:00pm to 4:00pm





more events














                                    psychology on facebook                                










                                    psychology on instagram                                










                                    psychology on twitter                                










                                    wonder discover create                                
















top









quick links


undergraduate studypostgraduate studyfaculties, divisions and departmentswork foundationfor studentsfor stafflibraryconference facilitiesjob vacanciesonline payments 


faculties and departments

arts and social scienceshealth and medicinemanagement schoolscience and technologydepartments and centres 


connect



facebook


instagram


youtube


tiktok


x


linkedin


the student room


weibo


wechat





contact us



psychology
department of psychology
lancaster university
lancaster
united kingdom
la1 4yf










                                        +44 (0)1524 593698                                    







                                    psychology@lancaster.ac.uk                                






                                    maps and travel
                                


















accessibility statement |
        legal notice |
        freedom of information |
        privacy and cookies notices |
        modern slavery statement
        ©
        2025 lancaster university. all rights reserved.
    
















