




 


westchester women's bar association - home

























log in


 








a chapter of the women's bar association of the state of new york (wbasny)



















 




home




about wwba



mission statement




president's message




by-laws




officers




directors




executive committee




state directors




committees



standing committees




ad-hoc committees







disclaimer







membership



join wwba




renew your wwba membership




attorney search and directory




featured members




sustaining members




interview of the month




member news




awards




volunteer







resources



resources for the community




resources for attorneys



cle




job posts / careers




pro bono opportunities







advertising




classifieds




sponsorship




newsletter




program guidelines




employment opportunities







calendar and events



cle




programs (non cle)




general membership meetings




events




other




meetings and annual events



holiday party



holiday party - december 2013




holiday party - december 2014




holiday party - december 2015







annual dinner



annual dinner - june 2023




annual dinner - june 2019




annual dinner - june 2018




annual dinner - june 2017




annual dinner - june 2015




annual dinner - june 2014













foundation



board of officers




scholarships and grants




events/programs: mocktail party




donations







contact





















 
featured member






member news




❑ in january, wwba member norma lopez began a new position as court attorney-referee with the westchester supreme court, law department- 9th judicial district. congratulations norma! 
❑susan l. pollet, past president of the wwba and archive and historian chair, published an ebook poetry collection entitled “menagerie of musings", which can be found on amazon here: https://www.amazon.com/menagerie-musings-susan-pollet-ebook/dp/b0dryzjpm9/ each poem appears in the theme where its primary message or imagery is most strongly represented. the sections progress from personal and familial relationships through broader social issues, natural observations, and finally to spiritual contemplation, creating a journey from the concrete to the abstract, from the personal to the universal. congratulations to susan!
❑ wwba member and co-chair to the wwba's diversity, equity, and inclusion committee, melissa g. andrieux, esq. was promoted to partner at dorf nelson & zauderer llp! as shared by dorf nelson & zauderer llp on linkedin: "melissa began her career at dorf nelson & zauderer llp in 2018 as an associate in the commercial litigation department. since that time, she has been an invaluable member of our team, consistently going above and beyond with her hard work and dedication. melissa’s role at dnz evolved and she transitioned from litigation associate to a valued member of the management team. this promotion is a reflection of her incredible contributions to the growth and reputation of the firm and we are thrilled to see melissa take on this new role.[...]" the wwba congratulates melissa on this accomplishment!
❑ jacqueline hattar, esq., has been awarded the nysba trial lawyers section 5th annual ruth bader ginsburg vanguard award for 2024!!  the justice ruth bader ginsburg vanguard award is presented to a trial attorney who has made extraordinary efforts in addressing and raising awareness about issues of equity, diversity, and inclusion. congratulations to jacqueline from everyone at the wwba! read more here: new york state bar association to honor westchester attorney for promoting diversity in the legal profession - new york state bar association (nysba.org)
 
❑ two westchester women’s bar association members have joined cuddy & fedder llp in the white plains office: deborah farber-kaiser and isabella pisani. deborah is an associate in the trusts, estates & elder law group, and isabella is an associate in the real estate, corporate and finance practice groups. congratulations deborah and isabella!

more »













































calendar



advertise an employment opportunity through the wwba

may 07, 2024
		•



assistance animals in education

february 20, 2025 12:00 pm
		•
zoom (zoom link will be emailed to registrants before the meeting begins)


the wwba is participating in "read across america day" at the eugenio maria de hostos microsociety school

february 28, 2025 9:00 am
		•
eugenio maría de hostos microsociety school, 75 morris street  yonkers, ny 10705




full calendar »


interview of the month



an interview with juliet gobler





susan l. pollet



chair of the archive and historian committee 














q: when and why did you become involved with the wwba?
a: in 2022, i joined the wwba. i was new to westchester seeking sisterhood and connection with local professionals.
q:  in which ways have you been active in the wwba?
a: i am a co-chair of the women in professional development committee and the reproductive health committee.
q:  why do you think there is still a need for a women’s bar association?
a: two generations before me women were a very small percentage of lawyers. my grandmother was the only women in her law school class and she faced blatant gender discrimination throughout her 40-year career. we still live in a society that does not have gender equality...




continue »




























































































president's message

happy 50th anniversary
to the westchester women’s bar association!!!
by sherry a. bishko




it is with great pleasure and unbridled enthusiasm that i ask all of our members to join me in kicking off and ushering in the wwba’s 50th year!  50 years ago, in 1975, the wwba founders launched our beloved organization, prior to the formation of wbasny.  could they have envisioned wwba membership exceeding 550 attorneys, and wbasny having thousands?  could our foremothers have dreamed the impact the wwba would have on the legal community, and the progress we have made in forwarding our mission of promoting justice for all and using the law to advance the social, economic, and legal status of women? this is our year to shine and showcase all that the wwba has accomplished and look forward to implementing all that is yet to be done.  our 50th anniversary committee has been hard at work planning events and celebrations.  the wwba’s past presidents are central to this celebration and we will be honoring them in many ways... 



continue »


























wwba renewalsrenew now and stay part of our dynamic network! your wwba membership is june 1 - may 31. membership renewal 2024-25 form .pdf

member login









          email*









          password*







remember me












forgot password









 























po box 926, hartsdale, ny 10530executivedirector@wwbany.org(914) 505-6045





home




about wwba




membership




resources




calendar and events




foundation




contact






©2014 westchester women's bar association. attorney advertising. disclaimer


 

















powered by wild apricot membership software









