
















































	
        
        city of pembroke



















skip to content






city of pembroke




contact us














careersreport a concerncontact us











i want to...


i want to...close i want to modalapply and registeractivities and recreation programsbuilding permitjob postinglocal electionstender postinglearn how to paymarriage licenceparking ticketpet licenceproperty taxeswater billfind and viewagendas and minutesby-lawsgarbage and recycling schedulehomesharingparks and facilities















living heretoggle living here menuanimal control servicesbeautification and climate actionbuilding and renovatingby-lawscommunity calendarcivic and youth awardscommunity guideconstruction projects and road closuresdiversity, equity, and inclusioneducationemergenciesgarbage and recyclinghealth and long-term careindigenous resourceslibrarypembroke/lv transportation master planproperty taxesroads and parkingseniorsservices francophonestransitwater and sewer servicesrecreation and culturetoggle recreation and culture menuactivities and recreation programsaquatic and swimming programsarenas and skatingarts, culture, and historycommunity calendarcommunity guidefacilities and rentalsfarmers' marketlibraryparks, sports fields, and splash padsseniorsspecial eventssportsvisit pembrokevolunteeringbusiness and developmenttoggle business and development menuavailable property and real estatebids and tendersbuilding and renovatingbusiness directorychoose pembrokegrants for businesses and property ownersplanning and land useshoppingcity governmenttoggle city government menuaccessibilityapplications, licences, and permitsbids and tendersbudget and financial statementsby-lawscareerscivic and youth awardscommissioner of oathscommittees and boardsconstruction projects and road closurescontact uscouncilelectionsfreedom of informationintegrity commissionernews and noticesplans, policies, reports, and studiesproperty taxespurchasingreport a concerntransitwater and sewer servicesweddings








welcome to pembroke
pembroke, ontario is a city of 14,000 located in the heart of the ottawa valley.choose pembroke
whether you're a new business or new resident, pembroke is ready to welcome you with the resources you need.
find out morebook your recreation online!
looking to book ice time, birthday parties, or other recreation programs or activities? use our online booking tool.
book nowapply to a city committee
the city is seeking individuals to join our accessibility advisory committee, which advises council on removing barriers and improving opportunities for persons with disabilities.
committee application form






bids and tendersconstruction projectscouncil livestreamgarbage and recyclingonline recreation bookingproperty taxes







pembroke news and notices
read all news



loading news feed...







upcoming events
view full events calendar



loading calendar feed...









visit pembrokediscover the stunning beauty of the ottawa valley!
nestled on the shores of the mighty ottawa river, pembroke boasts a blend of urban and rural to provide a truly unique experience. with all the accommodations, dining, and services you need and quick access to one-of-a-kind experiences across the ottawa valley, see why you need to make pembroke your next vacation spot.
 plan your pembroke vacation 













stay connected
sign up for our newsletter on our subscription page to stay up to date on everything happening in pembroke.
subscribe now













					view our facebook page
				





					view our twitter page
				





					view our instagram page
				





					view our youtube page
				








city of pembroke 1 pembroke st. e. pembroke, onk8a 3j5
telephone: 613-735-6821 fax: 613-735-3660 email us





resources

accessibilityprivacy and freedom of informationsitemapwebsite feedbackcontact us








© city of pembroke
by ghd digital




























browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









