



	
        cadilac acessories alante engine electrical electric part 
        filter cadillac used searchable parts database search find 
        series 62 sixty two 70 seventy calais 6e 6400 6900 brougham 
        brogham biarritz coupe convertible
    























                            everything for cadillacs specializing in allante
                        

                            for over twenty years cadillac king has offered the largest selection of used and refurbished parts.
                        

                            with over sixteen acres of standing cadillacs
                        

                            cadillac king is able to provide the widest selection of high quality used parts.
                        

                            located in southern california, our caddies are not exposed to harsh east coast weather 
                            assuring the highest quality chrome and interior parts for your classic.
                        

                        12217 montague street 
                        pacoima, ca 91331        


                            open monday to friday 8:30-5 
                        

                            saturdays by appointment only
                        

                        for price and availability please call: 
                            

                            (818) 890-0621
                            











12217 montague stpacoima,  ca 91331not open to the public20346 pearblossom hwyllano, ca 93544open monday - friday 9:00 - 4:30



                             phone: (818) 890-0621                      
                             email: eldorado@gte.net our on line parts store is located hereyou can find us on ebay atcadillackingdom  and  cadillackingparts

                            for over 30 years, cadillac king has been providing the highest quality used and 
                            refurbished parts for cadillac's 1950 to present. with over 16 acres of 
                            cadillacs, cadillac king is able to provide those hard to find parts for your 
                            classic or late model allante. 

                            located in southern california and in a dry climate your used cadillac and 
                            allante parts are preserved in the best possible condition. no 'east coast' or 
                            'mid-west' quality parts that usually have rust on them..
                        

                            for the last five years cadillac king has been the leading source of high 
                            quality used allante parts on the west coast, with over 200 standing allantes in 
                            stock and qualified technicians to serve you, cadillac king is the one stop shop 
                            for caddies in southern california.
                        

                            if you are not fortunate enough to be able to view our inventory first hand, we 
                            offer worldwide shipping provided via united parcel service (ups). next day air 
                            shipping for your hard to find parts and accessories, is available upon request. 
                            part availability and processing time must be taken into account
                        

                        
                        cadillack king is the largest provider of used allante and cadillac replacement parts for body work or mechanical repair. whether you are a cadillac owner, a repair shop or a car collector, we have the right part for you
                        
                        

                           so if you are looking for used or refurbished parts or body panels or any accessories for a cadillac, allante, sts, sls, eldorado, seville, or fleetwood, eldorado just give us a call! we are in the los angeles area but we will ship our high quality used cadillac parts to you wherever you are!
                        

everything for cadillacs specializing in allante
 for over twenty years cadillac king has offered the largest selection of used 
                and refurbished parts.
with over sixteen acres of standing cadillacs
                
 cadillac king is able to provide the widest selection of high quality used 
                parts.
                

                 located in southern california, our caddies are not exposed to harsh east coast 
                weather assuring the highest quality chrome and interior parts for your classic.
                







                            site navigation



home


find your caddy


our stock


wheels


hubcaps


caddy parts


warranty


pictures








view larger map



view larger map


















 







               
                    copyright © 2012 - 2025. all rights reserved. 
                    
                 

                              

                                
                        [ log in ]
                    
              
             
            






