



	writers' representatives, llc: home










so it is the duty of the agent
to discourage all traces of shame
to extend all boundaries
to generate the free brain
to inhabit everyone
to lubricate each proportion
to experience only experience
to deviate at every point
to smell the shark's ass
to multiply all opinions
to work only in the distance
to extend all shapes
to forego no succulent filth
to drag people into glittering occupations
to return always to the renewing stranger
(....with apologies to kenneth patchen's
the journal of albion moonlight)
 
 
some like drink
in a pint pot,
some like to think;
   some not.
strong dutch cheese,
old kentucky rye,
some like these;
   not i.
some like poe,
and others like scott,
some like mrs. stowe;
   some not.
some like to laugh,
some like to cry,
some like chaff;
   not i.
— robert louis stevenson
 
 
visionary power
attends the motions of the viewless winds,
embodied in the mystery of words:
there, darkness makes abode, and all the host
of shadowy things work endless changes,—there,
as in a mansion like their proper home,
even forms and substances are circumfused
by that transparent veil with light divine,
and, through the turnings intricate of verse,
present themselves as objects recognized,
in flashes, and with glory not their own.
— william wordsworth
 
 
a good book is
the precious life-blood
of a master spirit,
embalmed and treasured up
on purpose to a life beyond life.
— john milton
 
 






search

            search by author or title
        




        recently publishedsteven gow calabresi and gary lawson the meese revolution: the making of a constitutional moment encounter books (november 2024)
adam s. lovinger the insider threat: how the deep state undermines america from within encounter books (november 2024)
marty makary, m.d. blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health bloomsbury (september 2024)
david lehman the best american poetry 2024: guest editor, mary jo salter scribner (september 2024)
alan pell crawford this fierce people: the untold story of america's revolutionary war in the south alfred a. knopf (july 2024)
howard markel, m.d., ph.d. origin story: the trials of charles darwin w.w. norton & co. (june 2024)
victor davis hanson the end of everything: how wars descend into annihilation basic books (may 2024)
peter schweizer blood money: why the powerful turn a blind eye while china kills americans harpercollins (february 2024)
mary ann glendon in the courts of three popes: an american lawyer and diplomat in the last absolute monarchy of the west random house (february 2024)
michael barone mental maps of the founders: how geographic imagination guided america’s revolutionary leadership encounter books (november 2023)
david lehman the best american poetry 2023: guest editor, elaine equi scribner (september 2023)
david lehman the birth of the best: the making of the best american poetry marsh hawk press (september 2023)
gretchen morgenson and joshua rosner these are the plunderers: how private equity runs—and wrecks—america simon & schuster (may 2023)
robert kagan the ghost at the feast: america and the collapse of world order, 1900-1941 alfred a. knopf (january 2023)
marc myers anatomy of 55 more songs: the oral history of top hits that changed rock, pop and soul grove atlantic (december 2022)
david lehman the best american poetry 2022: guest editor, matthew zapruder scribner (september 2022)
david lehman the mysterious romance of murder: crime, detection, and the spirit of noir cornell university press (may 2022)
matthew continetti the right: the hundred year war for american conservatism basic books (april 2022)
peter schweizer red-handed: how american elites get rich helping china win harpercollins (january 2022)
mary lefkowitz and james s. romm the greek histories: the sweeping history of ancient greece as told by its first chroniclers: herodotus, thucydides, xenophon, and plutarch random house (january 2022)
paco underhill how we eat: the brave new world of food and drink simon & schuster (january 2022)
robert b. strassler the landmark xenophon's anabasis pantheon (december 2021)
marc myers rock concert: an oral history as told by the artists, backstage insiders, and fans who were there grove atlantic (november 2021)
victor davis hanson the dying citizen: how progressive elites, tribalism, and globalization are destroying the idea of america basic books (october 2021)
david lehman the best american poetry 2021: guest editor, tracy k. smith scribner (september 2021)



        in the news, february 2025
posted 02.15.25:  “gen. douglas macarthur was a conniving glory hound who sold out his second-in-command, gen. jonathan wainwright, according to this incisive chronicle. historian horn recaps the 1941 japanese invasion of the philippines, when macarthur was hailed as a hero after his men on the bataan peninsula held out for several months despite facing starvation. but horn argues that macarthur bungled the campaign, stayed relatively safe and well-fed, and was derelict in abandoning his men for australia. the real hero, horn contends, was wainwright, who skillfully led the troops at the front and shared their hardships.... horn's profile is a colorful addition to the library of disparaging macarthur portraits.... the result is a perceptive take on the psychology of military leadership.”— publishers weekly on the fate of the generals: macarthur, wainwright, and the epic battle for the philippines by jonathan d. horn
posted 02.06.25:  “an enthralling and unsettling distillation of medicine's repeated adoption of bad science. most of these failures are well known and well documented elsewhere, but makary ties them together to great effect.... makary wants to disrupt the way medicine is delivered by asking better research questions.... this is a passionate, well-argued and thought-provoking read, but what makes it essential is that makary is not a dreamer on the sidelines, but donald trump's pick to be the next commissioner of the fda, an agency he has previously criticised.”—phil hammond, the times (uk) on blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health by marty makary
posted 01.19.25:  a best book of 2024!  the economist magazine chose origin story: the trials of charles darwin by howard markel one of the "best books of 2024": "books about charles darwin are at no risk of going extinct. yet by making its centrepiece a consequential debate in 1860—in which evolution triumphed over creationism—this book offers something welcome and new."
posted 12.13.24:  "begun in 1988 with a volume guest-edited by john ashbery, the best american poetry (bap) series has been running for a startling 36 years and counting.... the list of editors is a who's who of us poetry elites. and behind it all, the poet david lehman, the series editor, has labored quietly and diligently ensuring its continuity and continued relevance.... the guiding hand of lehman ensures a certain base-level of quality. every year will have its new-discovered gems, its duds, its stars, and, often enough, its brief but vitriolic controversies played out across social media. you might think such a long-running series would have played out its initial energies, but i think i can say with some confidence that mary jo salter's 2024 volume is the best volume in a decade, and arguably the best bap volume ever produced.... salter's volume fizzes with the potential of debut poets, the sprezzatura of journeyman accomplishment, and the depth of old masters."—a. e. stallings on the best american poetry 2024.
posted 12.12.24:  "every political appointee in the new administration across all agencies and departments and the 115,000 career employees who work for doj ought to read this stellar intellectual history of the meese era at justice. certainly, every serious member of the federalist society will, and every member of every law school faculty ought to do so.... a wonderfully complete portrait of an indispensable public servant and aide to reagan. meese is the equal of anyone in any administration in modern times when it comes to character and modesty, generosity of spirit, and resolve to keep the constitution at the center of our republic's functioning. do read it." — hugh hewitt, the washington free beacon, on the meese revolution: the making of a constitutional moment by steven gow calabresi and gary lawson
posted 11.24.24:  marty makary, m.d., author of blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health, will be the newly appointed head of the united states food and drug administration (fda).  his most recent work was a new york times best seller and an amazon "best nonfiction book of 2024."  a starred publishers weekly review called blind spots, “incisive and damning, this is a much-needed wake-up call.”
posted 11.24.24:  pulitzer prize-winner michael dirda on the best american poetry 2024, guest editor, mary jo salter:  "do not overlook the introductory essay by salter...or the piece by the series' general editor, david lehman, which concludes with wise advice to poets just starting out."—michael dirda, the washington post book world
posted 11.24.24:  "when patients turn to professional societies like the ama or the american college of physicians or the american association of pediatrics for vital health information, one might expect that the information is based on publications in prestigious medical journals of carefully designed and meticulously interpreted studies. dr. marty makary, in his book blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health, shows how wrong these assumptions can be.... makary proves his case against groupthink in medicine.... readers will find this book interesting if they have not had much of a background in biomedical science. it is clear, concise, and well-documented. they may ask a few more questions at their yearly checkup, and that is a good thing." — dr. stanley goldfarb, washington free beacon
posted 11.13.24:  an amazon "best nonfiction book of 2024"!:  blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health by marty makary, m.d.
posted 10.30.24:  yale university sterling professor akhil reed amar has been awarded one of ten barry prizes from the american academy of sciences and letters in recognition of “intellectual excellence and courage.” the award was conferred in a ceremony at the library of congress in washington, d.c., on oct. 23.  the barry prize for distinguished intellectual achievement honors “those whose work has made outstanding contributions to humanity's understanding and cultivation of the good, the true, and the beautiful,” according to the academy. the citation for amar praised his contributions and influence across the academy, the legal profession, government, and popular discourse.
posted 10.23.24:  a new york times best seller! blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health by marty makary, m.d. now five weeks on the new york times list. as publishers weekly wrote,  “incisive and damning, this is a much-needed wake-up call.”
posted 07.12.24:  a starred publishers weekly review of blind spots: when medicine gets it wrong, and what it means for our health by marty makary, m.d.:  “the medical establishment suffers from a reluctance to re-examine its own beliefs in light of new evidence, according to this impassioned cri de coeur.... the sensational case studies demonstrate the depths of doctors' intransigence, and makary's clinical experience offers penetrating insights into the psychological mechanisms at play.  incisive and damning, this is a much-needed wake-up call.”  and from kirkus reviews: “an eye-opening look at how the american medical industry's rigidity has stunted its reliability.”
posted 07.11.24:  origin story: the trials of charles darwin by howard markel is a new york times “editors' choice”:  “markel, a medical historian, delivers a fresh take on a seminal event in the history of science—the publication of on the origin of species—along with lively portraits of the allies and adversaries who debated darwin's scandalous theory, and, not least, of the naturalist himself, plagued by debilitating illness and, hot on his heels, an equally brilliant competitor.”
posted 07.04.24:  “independence day is a good day to consider how our independence was won. if you're looking for a fresh read on that, i've just finished reading alan pell crawford's new book, this fierce people: the untold story of america's revolutionary war in the south.... crawford provides a vivid, page-turning account of those events, rich in memorable characters and dramatic scenes.... crawford, the author of books such as the aging-jefferson study twilight at monticello, aims to revive the story of the war in the south. as he notes in his introduction, the civil war and the role of slavery in the south had a good deal to do with why commemoration of these battles and campaigns did not keep pace with those in the north.... we witness the breathtaking bravery and endurance of hardship that characterized amateur soldiers and self-taught officers surviving bayonet charges, forced marches in the snow and blazing heat, wounds dressed without modern medicine, and all manner of untreatable diseases.”—dan mclaughlin, national review
posted 06.28.24:  “mr. crawford's account is incisively and carefully written, splendidly paced, and supported by a mine of primary and secondary sources. this fierce people: the untold story of america's revolutionary war in the south by alan pell crawford is military history in an older tradition, in which the outcomes of great conflicts depend on the foresight, character and courage of individual men. yet mr. crawford, a journalist and historian based in richmond, va., doesn't ignore the role of slavery in the ferocity of southern resistance.... rivetingly related.”—barton swaim, the wall street journal
posted 06.20.24:  a new york times best seller! the end of everything: how wars descend into annihilation by victor davis hanson, now many weeks on the list.  a "profound book.”—robert d.kaplan, the wall street journal  “informative and lively.... strong on history.”—richard overy, the times literary  supplement (london)
posted 06.16.24:  “in origin story: the trials of charles darwin, howard markel, a medical historian (he favors a diagnosis of lactose intolerance as darwin's primary ailment), details how the scientist came to write his magnum opus, as well as the many trying days he endured on its behalf.... he does capture the pathos and passion of the debate.”—sam kean, the new york times book review
posted 06.03.24:  "howard markel, a medical doctor and masterful science chronicler, turns his attention to the time just before darwin published his world-changing 'origin of species'—and just after, when critics blamed its author for unseating god. wildly entertaining and thoughtful, too."—kate tuttle, the boston globe, on origin story: the trials of charles darwin
posted 05.29.24:  “a vivid re-creation of the revolutionary war in the american south, a guerrilla-style conflict that paved the way for the british surrender at yorktown. in this intriguing work of military and social history, crawford argues convincingly that the south was where ‘the most decisive battles…were fought.' the author mines the historical record to show that the southern conflict was an exceedingly violent version of a guerrilla war, one that pitted loyalists against revolutionaries at every level of southern society.... he provides a clear picture of the stark cost of american independence on both sides of the conflict. a clear, coherent, and even suspenseful account of the american revolution.”—kirkus reviews on this fierce people: the untold story of america's revolutionary war in the south by alan pell crawford
posted 05.15.24:  a new york times best seller! the end of everything: how wars descend into annihilation by victor davis hanson


go to the news archive





catalog
faq
permissions
foreign rights
tv/film
forthcoming
contact




the first, wittiest statement of the paradoxical efficacy of conflict, the invisible hand, and creative destruction in human affairs, was the grumbling hive: or knaves turned honest by bernard mandeville (1670-1733). the  poem appears after the bio on doctor mandeville.  scroll down.

evelyn waugh on publishing...(see full passage) "old rampole deplored the propagation of books.  'it won’t do,' he always said whenever mr. bentley produced a new author, “no one ever reads first novels...” 


all content on web site © 1985-2025, writers' representatives llc. all rights reserved, including ™





