







	flower world - plant nursery - trees, shrubs, roses, annuals +












































garden center





services



 
	delivery





	e-club





	garden waste





	gift cards





	plastic pot recycling





	wholesale contract grow program





	wholesale policy





the produce market



 
	coming soon!





	in-store





	what's growing on?





	animals





shop online





belize





teak





news/events



 
	e-club





	gift cards





	join our team



 
		assistant front-end manager





		customer service / cashier





		customer service / loader





		facilities maintenance manager





		grower (production)





		landscape manager





		maintenance technician





		mechanic





		office manager 







360.668.9575

get a gift card! 
















 








free gardening clinics
superior spring containerssaturday - february 8, 202511:00 am - 1:00 pm
mason bees #1saturday - february 15, 202511:00 am - 1:00 pm
read more




purchase 2025 northwest flower & garden festival tickets
 february 19 - 23, 2025

  
read more










    	featured
    






        seasonal & featured
    

the beauty of gardening in the pacific northwest with our mild climate and definitive changing of the seasons offers an opportunity to be able to experience each season with a trip to the garden center to see what is happening in the plant world. 





        houseplants
    

welcome to the jungle.  enjoy the beauty and tranquility of the tropics right here in the pacific northwest.





        winter gardening
    

you don't need to put your gloves, spades, and "green thumb" away just because the weather is getting colder and the days are getting shorter.





        roses
    

every garden needs roses.  no matter the theme or style you are looking to portray, there are varieties of roses that will enhance and beautify every bed or garden.





        edible gardening
    

what is better than reaping what you sow? if you’ve ever dreamt of being your own farmer and growing your own fresh vegetables and fruit, early spring is the time to prepare. 





        fruit trees & nuts
    

there is nothing better or more satisfying than harvesting your own crop of edibles after nurturing them all season. 





        ornamental grasses
    

low-maintenance showstoppers. no garden is complete without at least a few of these desirable plants in the landscape. choose from grasses that are either evergreen or deciduous.





        perennials
    

plant once to enjoy time and time again. growing from rhizomes, tubers, bulbs or corms, perennials are meant survive the winter and come back for at least 2-3 years, if not more.





        shrubs
    

large, medium or small, shrubs create structure while adding a pop of greenery and color. shrubs will live year after year and with endless options, they can bring beauty and fragrance while attracting birds, bees and butterflies. 





        trees
    

the backbone of landscaping. trees do so much to create a beautiful yard from providing shade, offering vibrant colors, flowers, fruits and homes for birds and small animals, there are so many reasons to plant a tree.





        soils & amendments
    

healthy plants grow from the ground up.  ensure your plants have all the nutrients they need to thrive with quality soils sold in bags or bulk.  add amendmnets and fertilizers to give them the nutrients and boost they need all year long.





        pottery & garden accents
    

new plants require the tools to care for them and keep them growing strong. decorative pots are great for bringing plant life to your porch, deck, around the yard or indoors.





        hardscape products
    

create an  outdoor oasis with pavers, retaining walls and stepping stones. choose from our circle kits to highlight a piece of statuary or a fountain, create a space where friends and family can gather or design a walkway connecting garden spaces. 





        statuary and fountains
    

garden statuary and fountains can help to define the personality of your outdoor space, create a focal point and add your own personal style to your yard, garden, atrium and more. 





        hedges & privacy screening
    

fences make good neighbors. the same can be said for a privacy hedge. whether you want to create a screen between your property and the neighbors, block out an unsightly area or add a beautiful border around your yard, there are many privacy screening trees and shrubs that will get the job done. there are different categories of hedge plants.





        ground covers
    

the best-known groundcover is, of course, your lawn. it is greatly suited for walking and playing on. for the places where foot traffic is infrequent or undesirable, there are many other nice groundcovers that can be used. 























view more








join our e-club!


as an e-club member you will receive a 10% discount that can be used for purchases made at flower world and the produce market each time you shop. our e-club newsletters will be sent out to inform you of any special sales, new plants, and other events at flower world and the produce market.
sign up!















about



 
	history




	vision & mission





	sustainability





	pet policy





	about our website





faq





gift cards





e-club





plant info library





returns





privacy policy





contact



 
	careers





careers
















flower world
9322 196th street sesnohomish, wa  98296
360-668-9575



the produce market at flower world
19523 broadway avesnohomish, wa  98296
360-668-0174





business hoursflower world & the produce market10:00 am - 5:00 pm7 days per week




    				©2025 flower world. all rights reserved.
web design by efinitytech








greenhouse map



