

anne mccaffrey - bibliography, biography, book and short story details, 
and more about anne mccaffrey



















 
		
 
		
 
		
 
		
 
		
















anne mccaffrey is not only a great science fiction, 
	fantasy, and romance
author, but she is also a wonderfully prolific one, and has thus blessed the world with a
variety of novels, novellas, and short stories set into her imaginative and intriguing
worlds.  this site is devoted to her many creations, providing basic 
	details of all her works, and will eventually include more in-depth 
	descriptions of worlds, species, and characters, along with details of 
				various book editions.  this site should be a resource for new readers, longtime fans, and mccaffrey 
	book collectors.   please note that this site is currently a work in progress and will 
	likely take many years to develop fully.  because this site is new, i'd 
					love to hear feedback about what sections you like most and 
					what else you'd like to find here.
newer readers may find 
				the collection of links to excerpts of anne mccaffrey's work 
				of especial interest.  
				currently there are over 40 excerpts to be read!

fans who especially enjoy her most famous series, the 
					dragonriders of pern ® 
	should know that i already have a plethora of information about pern that 
	i've relegated it to its own site known as sariel's guide to
pern.

to see the full wealth of information offered 
					on this site, you may find it useful to visit the
					site map.





i 
					just finished reading
					
					anne mccaffrey: a life with dragons, which is the new 
					biography by robin roberts.  it is an outstanding book: 
					well-written, interesting, and in depth.  unlike the 
					previous two biographies (by
					
					todd mccaffrey and by
					
					martha trachtenberg, both out of print), this one is a 
					thorough examination of anne's life, from childhood and 
					schooling, to marriage and divorce, to her move to ireland 
					and struggles to make writing a successful career, to her 
					eventual bestseller status and enjoyment of being a "real" 
					fairy godmother to friends and family, and her continued 
					writing to this day.  it gives a good portrait of 
					anne's personality and what shaped it, how her life has 
					shaped her writing and conversely how her writing shaped her 
					life.  it doesn't shy from covering her love affairs, 
					details which are not to be found in any previous biography 
					(which isn't surprising: the trachtenberg bio was aimed at 
					pre-teen readers and her own son wrote the other biography).  
					altogether it gives a detailed, intimate look at anne 
					mccaffrey's life and the events that shaped her fiction.





40 
					years of pern: a liber fanorum for author anne mccaffrey
					is now available for order online.  
					with an introduction by anne mccaffrey, this book of 
					collected essays celebrates the 40th anniversary of the 
					publication of the first dragonriders of pern story, "weyr search". 
					
the included 
					essays describe how fans came to first read pern, and what 
					it has meant in their lives.  some tales are touching, 
					others are humorous, and almost all are accompanied by a 
					photograph. 
contributing 
					fans include some notable names: authors margaret ball, 
					elizabeth kerner, naomi novik, jody lynn nye, elizabeth anne 
					scarborough, and richard woods; artists les edwards and 
					robin wood; nasa colonel pamela melroy; and musicians mike 
					freeman and tania opland (creators of the masterharper of 
					pern cd).


the first 
					10 pages can be previewed online (this includes part of the 
					introduction by mccaffrey).




mccaffrey 
					quest 2007 is coming 
					in oct/nov!  it's time to brush up on your tower & hive and 
					early 
					pern!  
					this annual challenging trivia contest for fans of anne 
					mccaffrey 
					is brought to you by 
a meeting of minds
discussion forum.




					 












home    
		biography    
		bibliography    
		series details    
		miscellany    
		links
site created 
	by cheryl b. miller, copyright © 2004-2007.  
	all rights reserved.all references to worlds and characters based on anne mccaffrey’s 
		fiction are copyright ©anne mccaffrey 1967-2007, all rights reserved, and used by 
		permission of the author.








 

