 








dental directory | check out your dentist



























































 




     

 







home
blog
dental health
privacy policy
contact us
 

home
blog
dental health
privacy policy
contact us
 


 

 















dental directory
check out your dentist 
							 











endodontics0%ortodontics0%periodontics0% 





welcome to directorydental

 




the ultimate tool help visitors find informative dentist and general dental sites here.

 endodonticswe have specialists who have a lot of experience in treating dental pulp.ortodonticsour orthodontic department can provide you with the best solution is correcting the mispositioned teeth and jaws.hygienedrop by our clinic to get free tips about dental hygiene.periodonticshaving issues with the structure of your teeth? drop in at dental directory to get the best treatments


adhesive dentistry

 




we have some of the best talents in the dental sector to deal with the bonding of teeth, enamel, and dentin.

 


read more 




our services

 


dental careget all your dental issues solved under one roof at dental directory. 



read more 
scalingget you tooth and gums cleaned in all the areas of the mouth.  this is a deep cleaning process that ensures a healthy tooth and hums. 



read more 
restructuredental directory has some of the finest and experienced professionals that offer the best restructuring treatments. 



read more 











i am very satisfied

 


dental directory is definitely one of the best. they have experienced dentists, latest equipment and dedicated staff. i am very much satisfied with their work.-mylene


our blog












we visited bergen, norway to find the best dentists

when it comes to the dentistry department of bergen you should know some basic facts before you go looking for your dentist. almost 90% of the dentists in bergen practice their profession as general physicians, they work both private and government sectors. the other 10% have advance specialization in the dentistry area. so, if you are looking for a specialist then you have very limited options.
 
dentistry is a very profitable occupation in norway. since the free dental care from government ends as soon as you turn 18, the dentists earn quite a lot. but as some of the dental clinics we visited pointed out, you might want to think about getting medication insurance as well. here are some tips when you visti countries like bergen and europeen countries, that will help you find the best dentist.
 
license:
 
its mandatory to get authorization and working license from the doctorate of health. but there are always some black sheep who may try to scam you, make sure you look for the license when you go for a new dentist in bergen. even if you are going with a solid reference. most for the time the license are framed and hanging on the wall so they are hard to miss.
 
reference:
 
if you have no idea about any dentist in bergen, you best bet would be to ask around. you will need to ask around, friends and family are the best people to turn to. they will have an honest opinion and results to show if they know a dentist in bergen. people will first hand experience are the best people to take reference as well as advice from. advice isn't the only thing you should ask, ask as many questions as you need, this enables you to understand what kind of a doctor you would be referred to. for example, as them, when was the last time they saw the doctor? what kind of a personality does he have? how long have they been seeing this particular doctor? other than asking about the dentist also ask them about the cleanliness of the place, the staff treatment as ell as the payment mode and expenses per visit.
 
credentials:
 
credentials are the next thing you should worry about once you have noted down two or three dentists in your list. these credentials should include the doctor’s specializations, diplomas, dental organization’s memberships and such.
 
expenses:
 
when it comes to health do not think about the expenses. look beyond cost. if the other person got it done cheap doesn’t mean you will have it the same way. every treatment is different, which mean variation in cost. the better the environment the expensive it will be. good care comes with a price. never go for cheap stuff when it comes to health, always go for the best.
 
local dentists: 
 
though it’s been seen that you get the best care from chain dentist and you find them pretty easy, but a local dentist way convenient as well as they pay more attention. you will need to dig a little but it be worth it in the end. local dentist gives you more time, the go out of the way to accommodate you and they are under no pressure to see the designated number of patients each day, which mean you will get more out of your local dentist than the chain one’s. there will be no huge crowds as well so there will be no long lines, so you wouldn’t have to wait a lot.
 
website:
 
since it’s the age of electronics and social media, every dentist or professional person has either a facebook page or a website. make sure you search and visit them to get a better picture of their office practice.
 
some of the dental clinics we visited in bergen, norway:
 

 
tannlege bjelland & co
 
adress: strandgaten 3, 5013 bergenemail: post@tannlegebjelland.nophone number: 55 31 98 66
 
website: tannlege bergen | velkommen til tannlege bjelland & co
 
(they have some of the best social media accounts we have ever seen, both in information and fun posts!
 
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/tannlegebjelland
 
instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tannlegebjelland/
 


the nice and smiling dentist christoffer bjelland greeted us.


 
 

 
 
 ...


16 july, 2019 


no comment














how to find a dentist
going to the dentist is a daunting affair for many. but it cannot take away from the importance of having a dentist on call to ensure proper and regular dental care to avoid unpleasant situations like tooth abscesses and losing teeth in adulthood. here's a short guide on how to go about finding a good dentist in your area.

 
1.      referrals
ask around to your friends and family to see which dentists are highly recommended. your general physician could also help you find a trusted dentist. in the event of moving to a new area, get in touch with the local hospital, or with your insurance provider to get recommendations. if you are moving to another country, get in touch with the people who are bound to have the best dentist around – the consulate.

 
2.      logistic planning
accessibility is a factor to be considered. if the best dentist is in the next town, they will be of no use to you. ergo, look for dentists in your close surroundings. additionally, get an idea of their clinic hours to check how they fit into your schedule. while checking for the right dentist, also ensure that they have good experience treating children as well for your little ones.

 
3.      call them up
a read through the yellow pages will give you a list of dentists in the area. shortlist some with a little logistic planning and call them up to get a clearer idea. the way the receptionist answers the call and their degree of professionalism will go a long way as far as your comfort there is concerned.

 
4.      interview
choosing the right dentist is an important decision, so try meeting a few possible options before finalizing your decision. their interaction with you will be reflective of how comfortable you will be with that particular dentist. if there is any service they cannot offer you, ask them to refer you to someone who can.

 
5.      costs and background check
good dentists are not cheap; if you find someone who offers significantly less expensive services than the rest, chances are they're cutting corners on their practice, which is typically expensive, to save money. also, make sure that you do a background check on the dentists via the state dental board to clarify their credentials.

 
6.      don't put it off
poor dental hygiene can eventually even rob you of your smile and your confidence, not to mention the substantial effects such as halitosis or poisoning. no matter how scary going to the dentist seems, make sure that you follow through for your own and your family's health.

 ...


18 january, 2019 


no comment














rediscovering excellence in dental care: our visit to flow tannhelse in sarpsborg, norway
this year, our journey to explore outstanding dental clinics worldwide took us back to the picturesque landscapes of norway, specifically to the charming city of sarpsborg. amidst its rich history and natural beauty, we discovered a gem in the dental care industry: flow tannhelse avd.......


12 february, 2024 


no comment






















useful links

about us
blog
contact us
home
privacy policy

 




recent post


rediscovering excellence in dental care: our visit to flow tannhelse in sarpsborg, norway


we visited bergen, norway to find the best dentists


 



categories

dental health

find dentist

local

main

tips


 










copyrights © 2019 directorydental.com. all rights reserved.




















































































































