

queen of wands





























               
monday, november 27, 2006



december 12, 2005
hey auction winners!!!just a note - if you ordered original art, please check your ebay feedback - if i've left you feedback, your order was shipped today. if i have not left you feedback, then i have not received payment from you yet, and your item will ship as soon as that occurs - thanks! i was reassured by the post office that all internation artwork should reach its destination before christmas, for any international buyers that were concerned.if you have made a paypal payment for artwork, and i have not left feedback for you, please contact me via ebay - if you've mailed in a payment and you haven't been left feedback, i probably just haven't gotten it in the mail yet, and your artwork will ship as soon as i get it. thanks guys!comic updates are on hold for the moment as i am currently in the process of relocating - i'm hoping to have everything moved over by this weekend. thanks for your patience with the delays!read poster now available for sale!warehouse 23 is now doing poster printing, and as a result they are now offering the 'read' design in a gorgeous, full-color 11x17 poster on heavyweight paper. i just received my comps today and i couldn't be happier with them. you can access the warehouse 23 store by clicking on the 'store' button, or by clicking on this link - go give it a look!old news:that's all, folks. thank you for reading!if you're despondent over the lack of qow, this news may cheer you - due to an overwhelmingly positive reader response, qow will start again next monday and re-run all the original strips, seven days a week, with commentary. that's right, if you so choose you'll get to read my babblings about what exactly went on with the strips, stuff that wasn't supposed to happen, ideas that were ditched, ideas that were never explored, the works. i realize it's not new strips, but i thought it would be fun to do while i work on putting out my next project. speaking of the next project - i will be announcing it as soon as it's ready to go. keep an eye on the website, or the lj community, or the forum, as i'll be posting it all over the place once it's live. for those looking for other strips to read, check out my links section, and also the keenspot dropdown up in the corner has a ton of good reads on it as well. 





comics!:something positivesexy losersscary go roundstripteasecheckerboard nightmareit's walkycrfh!!!psychic dyslexia institute24fpscombustible orangekill all remaining time you have here:the dionaea house - creepy and cool story!fishfish designs: kitty hats!common rotation - awesome band!the faerie citadel: wings and more!x-entertainmentelectronic mayhememail me





















 

what's 
        all this then?
        (hint: we call these things 'sequels')
that's right, the sequel to queen of wands has officially 
        started - go take a look! there will be punch. an' pie. 
hi there! you are reading the queen of wands rapid-fire 
        reruns, a seven-day a week run of qow with commentary. commentary on later 
        strips will contain spoilers, so if you are a new reader and here for 
        the first time, i suggest you take a trip to the beginning 
        of the archives and give the comic a read-through spoiler-free before 
        jumping into the commentary.

   


 


 
 originally aired 2/23/05: so this is the final strip of queen of wands. let me be perfectly honest with all of you - i finished the strip, i uploaded it, i updated the website, and then i started crying like a little weepy bitch because something that i had been doing regularly for two and a half years had finally come to an end. in a way, choosing to end the story and then actually ending it was just as scary as a move across the country - i had no idea what the hell to do next, well i had ideas but nothing definite, and there was something immensely cathartic about actually finishing a story for once and not letting it trail off into oblivion, like the original queen of wands strips, or xenith. 

i had a few complaints that finishing it with kestrel talking to herself, or the audience, or whoever in the text boxes was contrived and blah blah blah and you know what? i could have been concerned but at that point i felt it was a fitting way to end the strip. and this comic in and of itself was a fitting way to end the strip. not with a whimper, not really with a bang (aside from the tire), but just the closing of one chapter of a person's life, and the knowledge that she was moving on to the next chapter. 

what was queen of wands about? it was a story about this person who lived with some other people and lived her life. it was about that weird time period when you're out of college but you aren't sure if you're actually a grown up or not. it was about the shit that happens in life, and about how strange the stuff we do every day is, and how something really serious and dire can be absolutely hysterical if you look at it a slightly different way. it was about moving on, it was about coming to terms with big situations.

kestrel talks, in the very end of the final strip, about leaving your mark on the world, and how some people think that means being famous, or coming up with something so fabulous that everyone notices, and how she thinks that people should just leave their mark here and there - by the words you say, or the things you do. this comic, in the end, was a mark i was trying to leave - i hope, whether the reaction was good or bad, that the people that read this strip came away with something, even if it was just a morning chuckle.

people say that they have a 'purpose' in life and some list big things like curing cancer, or fighting crime, or a myriad of other functions - i've sort of decided, quietly and to myself, that the reason i'm around is to "make people do" - i don't really care what it is you do, but if something i've done effects you to the point that you've broken out of the 9-to-5 everyday routine, if something i've said sparks you to feel something that you wouldn't ordinarily feel, if you've laughed or gotten horribly pissed off or disgusted, then thank you kindly for reading, and i'm glad i could affect you in one way or another. nah, not glad - gleefully happy. you've all made the two and a half years i did the strip just as...interesting as i hope i made it for you. thank you for reading.
 






