





 the excel addict - get hundreds of time-saving microsoft excel
      tips, tricks, shortcuts and tutorials for free















 
 home      recent posts
                    newsletter
                    books
                     training
                     add-ins    
                testimonials
                    about 








 




 





get my
                free weekly newsletter




are you frustrated with how long it 
                    takes you to get things done in excel?


"you may have been using microsoft
                excel for years, but i'll bet there are hundreds, maybe even
                thousands, of amazing tips and tricks that you haven't
                discovered yet."



my goal is to inspire you to
                    love using microsoft excel



i've been using excel almost every
                day for more than 25 years and i have discovered thousands of
                easier, faster and 'funner' ways to get things done in excel. 






your
                          tips are quick and easy to read, and not
                          overwhelming...
                          you have hit upon the perfect format! 

                        i absolutely love your tips!  i love that they come
                        one at a time, so you have a chance to actually use them
                        and get used to using them.  they are quick and
                        easy to read, and not overwhelming.  and i love
                        that they are usually something easy to pick up yet
                        something that saves me time and frustration. you have
                        hit upon the perfect format! kathy w
 













things have changed!

recently, things have changed at the excel addict,
                          however i have not yet updated my website to reflect
                          those changes. please click here to read all about it.
                        
then come back to this page if you still want to
                          subscribe to my newsletter.
francis
                          december16, 2021







if you'd like to know them too...


 

...you can read some of my recent posts here...





...then sign up for my free
                  twice-weekly newsletter

 "spreadsheet tips from an
                        excel addict"

you'll learn...


'excel
                      in seconds'  shortcuts that you can
                  learn in under a minute
&
'excel
                      in minutes'  tips and tricks that you
                  can learn in just a few minutes




i'm going to show you 'excel secrets' that will quickly
                    and dramatically boost your productivity in excel








 
 


plus you also get my 'excel in
                seconds' e-book for free











here's what some of my newsletter readers are saying...






"...some
                          people are already speeding up their processes with
                          your tips."

                        francis, i just wanted to let you know that our company
                        loves your subscription.  i have been subscribed
                        since my last job in nyc for the last 5 years. i brought
                        your excel tips to the attention of my associates in our
                        last finance meeting here at my new position in albany,
                        ny. needless to say, everyone  loves your
                        subscription and is very impressed. i directly know that
                        some people are already speeding up their processes with
                        your tips. so thanks again. -- mathew b., albany, ny
 


"you
                          have inspired me, i'm having fun with excel once
                          again." 

                        dear mr. hayes, first of all, thank you for the
                        wonderful aha! experiences i had reading your "101
                        secrets of a microsoft excel addict." thank you for
                        being such an excel addict. action does generate
                        inspiration. you have inspired me, i'm having fun with
                        excel once again. cheers, ivan
 


"
                          i am always excited when i see your newsletter in my
                          inbox"

                        hi francis, i am always excited when i see your
                        newsletter in my inbox.  i rush to get more
                        pressing matters out of the way so i can open your
                        email  to see what new and interesting tips await.
                        sincerely, your avid reader, julie s.
 


"sometimes
                          i think you are looking over my shoulder..."

                        francis, your newsletter improves my excel skills every
                        week.  sometimes i think you are looking over my
                        shoulder and send just the right solution at the right
                        time. -- don s. (supply chain support analyst)
 


"you're
                          newsletter is invaluable"

                        thank you so much! you're newsletter is invaluable ...
                        i've learned so much! i just wanted you to know how much
                        i appreciate knowing that other people find excel as
                        exciting as i do! thank you! thank you! thank you! --
                        becki p.
 






you too can be benefiting from
                these tips in my free newsletter, spreadsheet tips from
                    an excel addict', just a few minutes from now.




get my free weekly newsletter

 


discover how consistently turbocharging your excel skills
                  week after week with my step-by-step, easy-to-understand,
                  time-saving tricks, tips and tutorials can transform the way
                  you use excel!
 

sign up for my free
                  twice-weekly newsletter 
 'spreadsheet
                      tips from an excel addict'
'excel in seconds'
                      & 'excel in minutes'

and i'll give you my 'excel in seconds' e-book
                    as a bonus!

(download it immediately after
                  you sign up) 

 




 
 







 

 


























 
 home      recent posts
                    newsletter
                    books
                     training
                     add-ins    
                testimonials
                    about 





 

                  copyright francis hayes © 2020 all rights reserved
                  8 lexington place, conception bay south, nl canada a1x 6a2
                  phone 709-834-4630
                  this site is not affiliated with microsoft corporation.

 














