






imaging centers - mountain medical



























  

             
          



 

 



patient portal
patient forms
insurance information
flat rate pricing
patient links
what is a radiologist?
what to expect
exams and procedures
see our reviews

mountain medical physicians and staff are committed to providing excellent service and care for our patients.



you see, most insurance providers, including medicare, allow hospitals to charge more than outpatient centers.
but we negotiate lower rates with these providers, so our patients typically pay less than they would if they went to a hospital.
we also offer a number of cost-saving solutions for uninsured patients and those with high deductible plans.
lowerlmagingcosts.com




resources and forms
access to images & reports
cpt code guides
what is a radiologist?
acr appropriateness criteria
mountain medical values our relationship with community physicians and their patients that we serve.




we will be closed on monday, feb. 17 for presidents' day.







toggle navigation




mountain medical





home
about us
services
locations
pay your bill




 
























our services





head & brain services
face & neck services
spine services
breast services
chest services
abdominal services
women's reproductive
men's reproductive
musculoskeletal services
interventional services
vein services



diagnostic medical imaging for all areas of the body
mountain medical provides mri, ct, ultrasound, x-ray, interventional radiology services.
 we built this website with you in mind.
by selecting from a friendly "body navigation" you can easily find/navigate to the type of service you are interested in researching. once there, we invite you to toggle between the pages to discover more information about how each exam is performed, learn how to prepare, and finally, better understand the benefits and risks of each service.
patients along the wasatch front, including logan, ogden, layton, bountiful, salt lake city, murray, park city, tooele, sandy, draper, and provo choose mountain medical for diagnostic medical imaging services. visit our locations for the center near you.




our locations






murray
5323 s. woodrow street, suite 100
salt lake city, ut 84107
phone: 801-713-0600
fax: 801-713-0601




get directions


ogden
1486 e. skyline drive, suite 100
south ogden, ut 84405
phone: 801-475-4552
fax: 801-475-4578




get directions






 








privacy policy
contact us

  





 © 2025 mountain medical physician specialists. 


website by idyllwild advertising












