




        
	
    rocky mountain outfitters | horseback riding park city, utah


    


























































 801.294.6400
801.294.6400
get started













home
tours + activities
tours + activities
soldier hollow stables
other activities


special events
about
contact us 435-654-1655
















































previous



next






https://rockymountainoutfitters.com/
rocky mountain outfitters
please click here to go to our new website





please go to our new website: 
https://rockymountainoutfitters.com/
soldier hollow stables/horse drawn wagon rides through lights
our guided horseback tours from soldier hollow stables boast incredible views of the heber valley, deer creek reservoir, and bald eagles! there's nothing like enjoying the view between the ears of our experienced and gentle horses. the crow's nest trail is 1.5 hours long, with the mountain meadows trail being 1 hour long. winter rides are 1 hour long. we are open year-round! private rides available. we look forward to curating your next incredible experience at soldier hollow stables!
the horse drawn wagon rides at the jordanelle state park are the perfect way to kick off the holidays. let our teams of percheron and belgian draft horses pull you through a beautiful light display while listening to christmas music. of course the kiddos will get to meet santa and mrs. claus, too! 
learn more book now gift card





welcome to horseback riding in salt lake city & park city
located near park city in the heber valley and at sundance resort. escape with our guides to a different world - a world that is exhilarating and refreshing - the perfect way to rediscover yourself, visit nature, and renew your senses. all of this under the majestic beauty of the wasatch mountains and within a stone's throw of salt lake city, park city, heber valley, and the sundance areas.



from our guests















"unfortunately my english is not good enough to express howmuch fun we have fishing with you, it was awesome.....thanks for the best fishing experience that i ever had."
-benny moss


"my daughter and her friend had a fabulous time! beautiful trails and nice horses and lovely trail guide. rmo even let us move our reservation out two days to accommodate my daughter’s sunburn. highly recommend!"


"a little pleasure with business ride. our wrangler, ashley, was awesome! very knowledgeable and enlightening. was a great way to end our trip in utah. she gave great tips on other things to do as well. i personally enjoy this ride because it is not the usual trail ride. there is adventure mixed with various grades/level of land and breath-taking views. air is definitely better up there."





rocky mountain outfitters is committed to providing a quality horseback experience for you and your family. we go to great lengths to assure that whether you're riding a trusty steed or in a sleigh or carriage, that you will have a world class experience.   our wranglers know horses and how to bring out the most in a visit to utah's high country.
orvis endorsement, a gorgeous river, and unbeatable scenery combine to create a unique blue ribbon experience. utah fly fishing is unmatched when it comes to the experience you will have with one of our orvis endorsed guides from rocky mountain outfitters. as an orvis certified guide service, we are simply the best in the west! we have committed ourselves to providing the most knowledgeable, professional, and courteous guides in the state. they have committed countless hours and invested much to be able to assist people who want to learn and understand their passion for fly fishing.
space is limited - book online today!
book now


 








book online today




























adventures

tours + activities
special events
faqs



info

about
horse gallery
contact + directions





partner sites

fly fishing in utah
rmo horses



contact info

435-654-1655
633 west soldier hollow dr. midway, utah 84049








copyright© 2023 all rights reserved | web design and marketing by i4 solutions

  










