






 








home - north carolina soybeans













































































































































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowspeaker & sponsorship request contact tiny top bar
search:
search









north carolina soybeans


aboutmission board of directors checkoff at work staff partners contact  growsoybean schools ag tech talks research projects production resourcesweed management disease management insect management nutrient management variety selection planting decisions cultural practices harvest, drying, & storage economics  grower videos nc soybeans app  connectblog publications subscribe upcoming events speaker & sponsorship request social media marketplace  learnnorth carolina soybeans soy nutrition history of soybeans uses of soybeans growing soybeans swine nutrition poultry nutrition cultivate the classroom videos  advocatenc soy alliance how you can help nc soypac  



 
aboutmission board of directors checkoff at work staff partners contact  growsoybean schools ag tech talks research projects production resourcesweed management disease management insect management nutrient management variety selection planting decisions cultural practices harvest, drying, & storage economics  grower videos nc soybeans app  connectblog publications subscribe upcoming events speaker & sponsorship request social media marketplace  learnnorth carolina soybeans soy nutrition history of soybeans uses of soybeans growing soybeans swine nutrition poultry nutrition cultivate the classroom videos  advocatenc soy alliance how you can help nc soypac  









introducing cultivate the classroom 
							learn more 
							introducing ag tech talks 
							an educator's guide to helping students foster an appreciation of nc agriculture. 
							
 


production resources
 
							helping you to
build your future
 
							explore resources for n.c. growing conditions and come back often for the latest soybean production information!
 
							learn more 
							 


protect your right to farm  
							many decisions affecting your profitability and your freedom to operate are made by people who have never stepped foot on a farm. when policy and regulations that affect soybean farmers are being debated on capitol hill, the nc soy alliance will be there to protect your interests with the american soybean association. 
							learn more 
							 


checkoff activities 
							soybean farmers and their checkoff, working through the north carolina soybean producers association and the united soybean board, are building innovative programs to increase the value of the soybean and its products.  
							learn more 
							helping you to
build your future
 
							 













the checkoff


soybean farmers and their checkoff, working through the north carolina soybean producers association and the united soybean board, are building innovative programs to increase the value of the soybean and its products.
the checkoff is devoted to supporting north carolina soybean farmers and making advancements that will impact the industry for generations to come, just like a family.
 


learn more





soybean schools


join n.c. soy and cooperative extension for a series of research-based soybean schools around the state. schools run through feb. 11th. register now!


learn morenc commodity conference



view the nc commodity conference website to access photos from 2025! sign-up to stay up to date with important information regarding registration and sponsorship for 2026.



registerpublications


download the annual report of the ncspa and research reports featuring results of checkoff-funded research projects to use on your farm. subscribe to receive publications in the mail.


view publicationsrecent blog posts


 



new directors and officers elected to ncspa board

out and aboutby faith casejanuary 23, 2025
the north carolina soybean producers association (ncspa) hosted its 58th annual business meeting in mid-january as part of the north carolina commodity conference. president gary hendrix provided a briefing on the association’s activities over the past year before proceeding with the regular elections. after two successful years of service as ncspa president, gary hendrix moved…

read more



 



2024 north carolina soybean yield contest

out and aboutby faith casejanuary 21, 2025
like most every year, the 2024 soybean growing season presented various challenges. much of the state started with wet conditions during full-season soybean planting time, which gave way to extreme drought and heat from mid-june through july. late summer rainfall was a blessing and allowed the soybean crop to recover tremendously. fall harvest weather was…

read more



 



protected: nc soypac 2025 raffle

news & updatesby faith casedecember 17, 2024

this content is password protected. to view it please enter your password below:
password:  




 



north carolina winners for nextile: soy in textiles design challenge

out and aboutby faith casenovember 15, 2024
raleigh, n.c — north carolina soybean producers association is pleased to announce the winners and runners-up from school-level nextile: the soy in textiles design challenge. in nextile’s second year of its competition, design students from 21 colleges and universities were invited to leverage their creative and problem-solving skills to produce the next sustainable innovation in textile…

read more



 



nc soy hires a summer intern to expand communication efforts

news & updatesby faith casemay 28, 2024
communications intern jackson lesan joined the ncspa team in may 2024. in his role, he has the important task of communicating the values and importance of the organization through various forms of media. jackson is a junior at north carolina state university majoring in technology, engineering, and design (graphic communications), focusing on media creation and…

read more



farmers and firefighters join forces to eliminate forever chemicals

out and aboutby faith casemay 16, 2024
the north carolina soybean producers association encourages farmers to talk to their local fire departments about soy-based firefighting foam’s health and environmental benefits. firefighters and farmers in north carolina serve as the backbones of our local communities, united by a shared commitment to safety and service. as our first line of defense, firefighters face numerous…

read more
read more posts


sign up for updatessign up to receive timely updates and useful information from the north carolina soybean producers association, including information on results of the investments the association makes in production research to help improve yields in north carolina conditions; international marketing activities; projects to support our biggest customer, animal agriculture; and much more!sign up today








 
search:




find us on:facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window 








					©2019 north carolina soybean producers association
                

3600 haworth dr., suite 2 raleigh, nc 27609 | 919.839.5700 | ncsoy@ncsoy.org/






go to top


























































