































popular science - home page
































































book reviews
 
homelatest reviewsfive star reviewssubscribeinterviewsgift guide




    















welcome to the popular science book site - reviews of the best in popular science and science fiction.











highlighted reviews



click here to read all our reviews, starting with the most recent, or see highlights below:







list by author, category or rating 











science fact

  






  against the odds: john and mary gribbin **** 13 february 2025 - brings to life the stories of twelve female stem pioneers, from the well-known to the rarely mentioned. some remarkable stories, though i would have liked more depth on the science.





  phenomena: camille juzeau and the shelf studio **** - 2 january 2025 - a chunky hardback with 125 near-a4 pages to visually explore a random but entertaining cornucopia of factoids from whistled languages to the venus flytrap.





  hoodwinked: mara einstein **** 4 february 2025 - although taking more of a business book style observational view rather than diving into the science, interesting on the  parallels between cults, multi level marketing and misinformation.





















classic reviews:click the image to read the review.







  



science fiction








  the three-body problem: cixin liu *** 12 february 2025 - i'm glad i read this book, and am very impressed by the historical aspects and some of the science - but too much of it verged on fantasy for me.





  schismatrix plus: bruce sterling ***** 20 january 2025 - this combination of a 1980s novel and short stories set in a space habitat future where genetic and cyborg modifications are transforming humanity is fascinating and original.





  classic science fiction stories: adam roberts (ed.) ***(*) 9 january 2025 - a tiny book of mostly pre-20th century proto-sf - many stories are tedious to read if of historical importance, but there are some interesting ones.





















classic reviews:click the image to read the review.





as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.  






latest interview




	physicist jason steffen tells us how a would-be aerospace engineer ended up working on exoplanets, how exoplanet studies are moving on from simple discovery and why they have software called megrathea.




image © robert royer iii













  








fancy a break from science books?













	in the seventh stephen capel mystery, an impossible murder on a fairground ride opens up a trail that leads to anglo-saxon treasure, a mysterious tunnel and a deadly confrontationwhen stephen capel and vicky denning meet historical fiction author margaret levine at the mop fair in marlborough, they expect to discuss capel's plans to start a literary festival - but on a fairground ride, levine is killed without anyone appearing to touch her. soon, levine's is not the only life in danger as capel uncovers connections in the literary world and the hiding place of a long-lost anglo-saxon hoard.the stephen capel mysteries bring the classic british detective story into the twenty-first century.



find out more







  



tweets by @brianclegg




















feature -  should we question science?




	our editor, popular science author brian clegg looks into allegations that science communicator sabine hossenfelder is playing into the hands of science deniers by criticising some aspects of science.











  

books by author




authors - aauthors - bauthors - cauthors - dauthors - eauthors - f

authors - gauthors - hauthors - iauthors - jauthors - kauthors - l

authors - mauthors - nauthors - oauthors - pauthors - qauthors - r

authors - sauthors - tauthors - uauthors - vauthors - wauthors - y&z





  

books by category




archeologyartartificial intelligenceastrobiologyastronomyastrophysicsbiographybiologybrainbusinesscomputingchemistryclimatecosmologyecology

economicsengineeringenvironmentevolutionfantasyflightfringefuturologygamesgeneticsgeologyhistoryhuman sciencehumour

infinityinformationlightmathsmediamedicinemusicnanotechopticsoverviewpalaeontologyparticle physicsphilosophyphilosophy of science

physicsprobabilitypsychologyquantum physicsrelativityreligionscience fictionspacesports sciencestatisticstechnologytime



books by star rating

**************

other articles

featuresroyal society prize for science booksinterviews

  






gift guide







  


	there’s nothing worse than choosing gifts for difficult-to-buy-for people. but help is at hand: click through to the popular science gift guide.


 popular science gift guide   











  





more features

see our features section.we also explore why maths is relevant to the game of blackjack, the science behind different kinds of slot machines, the science of winning at casinos, probabilities in conundrums and casino games, how ai is taking on the pro gambler, brain training software, slot machine science, randomness in casino games, the role of statistical noise in casino games, the best holiday shopping guide, video game science and online bingo.

  






follow our editor on facebook







  



place an essay order online to get a superb paper from our knowledgeable writers.



scientific editing service to cover your needs.



minnesota online high school at ehs





homeschool online at northgate 





hymn and worship song organ accompaniments

disclaimerthis site has no connection with popular science magazine or other sites and publications with a similar name.the website should not be eaten or used where it can come into contact with water.much of the content of this site is written by popular science writers or friends of popular science writers. inevitably many of the reviews in such a small community are written by or about someone we know. we always aim to be impartial in our reviews, but there is a connection which we need make clear, as there is no intention to deceive. the content of any review or article is solely the opinion of the author and should not be read or understood on any other basis. the site exists to promote popular science writing and popular science authors and for this reason should be considered promotional material, just as the editorial reviews in an online bookshop or the blurb on the back of a book should be considered promotional.  



	
	©2022 creativity unleashed limited - privacy statement |  contact us
















subscribe to free updates



