








cormaria retreat center - rshm eastern american area

































































 











			skip to content		




mass livestreameventsin memoriamcontact us  menumenuabout

who we are

about the eastern american areahistoryleadershipmeet usfind a sister 
recent news & updates

updatesofficial statementsobituaries 

ministry

ways we serve

ministry overvieweducationsocial justicepastoral ministrycare for creationthe artsprayer 
sponsored ministries

rshm schoolsrshm life centercentro corazón de mariaimmigration & legal servicescormaria retreat centerthe weaving centerrshm ngo at the un 

journey with us

our family

ways to join usvocationsjoin our shm extended family 
spirituality

joined in prayermass & livestream 
get involved

make a retreatthe weaving centervolunteer with uscareer opportunities 

mass livestreameventscontact usdonate  





cormaria retreat center
come away and rest a while. – mk.6:30
cormaria retreat center, a place of gracious hospitality in sag harbor, new york, offers retreats and programs in spirituality and contemplative practices, including group, private, directed, and silent retreats.  we welcome groups and organizations for day and overnight retreats or spiritual programs at the center. our guests enjoy the quiet, peaceful environment here, as well as the beautiful views of peconic bay. cormaria is an unforgettable and peaceful setting for planning, teaching, training, studying, or contemplation.
be sure to check out our new retreats, programs and events for 2025!

upcoming retreats and programs
upcoming events
spiritual deepening






discover a place of spiritual and personal growth
tranquility surrounds you. a welcoming spirit and staff await your arrival. you are being called to come home to yourself; to take time amongst the busyness of your lives to stop, listen, and experience god’s tender love for you.



experience a retreat

in addition to periodic events scheduled throughout the year, you can participate in a directed retreat, a guided retreat, a private retreat or a hermitage experience. learn more about our spiritual programs, or see our list of upcoming retreats.




hospitality ministry

volunteers are always needed and welcome to join us. some of our needs include offering hospitality to those attending spiritual programs and events, fundraising, buildings and grounds. if interested, please contact joan mcgovern via email at jmcgovern@cormaria.org or call 631-725-4206.


plan your visit

find directions to our beautiful location in sag harbor and get details about your potential stay. see directions and info.



































join in joyful hope
the religious of the sacred heart of mary established this retreat house on thanksgiving day in 1949. they were simply following their mission statement, which in part reads: “we are called to be community, to know and celebrate god’s love for us and to make that love known to others…we are called to be women of compassion, and to give authentic and joyful witness to the values of the gospel wherever we are.”

learn the history of cormaria
contact cormaria retreat center
77 bay streetsag harbor, ny  11963
(631)725-4206

we invite you to join in our joy; to come and discover this place of exquisite beauty, where earth and sea and sky and all that is unique to them join in joyful hope!






recent updates
see all recent updates about cormaria retreat center.
participants find relaxation & rejuvenation at wellness retreatnovember 15, 2024earth, sea and sky yoga progam enjoyed by allnovember 15, 2024cormariamarch 4, 2024cormaria retreat center introduces film series discussionoctober 18, 2023









who we are
the religious of the sacred heart of mary – eastern american area is part of an international congregation of women religious founded in 1849. our lives are grounded in our mission “that all may have life,” the words engraved on our cross. our diverse ministries work to promote fullness of life and dignity for all whom we serve, and we welcome collaboration with those who share our vision. we are strengthened by living in community and enriched by prayer, deepening our response to god’s call.


global areas
rshm institutebrazileastern americamozambiquenorthern europeportugalwestern americazambezi


get in touch
rshm eastern american area50 wilson park drivetarrytown, ny 10591(914) 631-8872contact usfind us on facebook


read highlights
our newsletter is published quarterly. read online or subscribe below.
read stories onlineview issues & crossword answers

	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 





© 2025 religious of the sacred heart of mary eastern america. site by blustery day design


privacy policy





 

 




















































































































































