










home - houston hispanic chamber of commerce





















































  























skip to content














 
homecontact usmember login











facebook





linkedin





youtube





instagram





twitter






































menu 
about about hhcc contact us emerging leaders institute ghhcc foundation business institute2025 events & programscorporate sponsorshipsmedia media platform newsmember center member application member directory member login/infohubresources general resources advocacy & data job postings 2020 u.s. census








 















 
2025 annual luncheon & business expothis event is attended by approximately 2,000 entrepreneurs, executives, elected & appointed officials, young professionals, and job seekers.


sponsorships


 


 
2025 annual luncheon & business expothis event is attended by approximately 2,000 entrepreneurs, executives, elected & appointed officials, young professionals, and job seekers.


register


 


 
our missionthe houston hispanic chamber of commerce (hhcc) is the leading regional advocate for the economic and civic interests of the hispanic business community.
our media platform has an audience reach of over three million. hhcc utilizes its media platform to interview its corporate sponsors, executives, elected officials, small business members, emerging leaders, and business institute. 


become a member


 


 
media platformswatch our tv and radio shows
 


learn more


 






























welcome to the houston hispanic chamber of commerce

















					sponsorships				








					events				








					directory				








					jobs				








					newsletter				








					media				






















learn more






















 
annual luncheon & business expo 
the annual luncheon & business expo is one of the organization’s premier events, as well as being the largest business luncheon in the greater houston region.
annual luncheon & business expo 














 
corporate sponsorships 
customized corporate sponsorships are designed to meet your objectives with a high return on investment.
corporate sponsorships 














 
about our chamber 
the houston hispanic chamber of commerce is the leading advocate for hispanic business and civic interests in the greater houston area.
our mission 


















the premier resource for and about the hispanic business community 
the houston hispanic chamber of commerce (hhcc) is the leading regional advocate for the economic and civic interests of the hispanic business community.


2025 initiatives


 










 












© 2025 houston hispanic chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












@hispanichouston

















houston hispanic chamber of commerce













1801 main st, #890 • houston, texas 77002















(713) 644-7070 














info@houstonhispanicchamber.com 










facebook





linkedin





youtube





instagram





twitter



















 © 2025 houston hispanic chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















