
























gateway lodge, wilderness lodge and cabins in cook forest, pa























































skip to content











book now



menu
close



























our story


stay


food & drink


live music


packages


journal


elopements


corporate retreats


getting here


faq


contact us


gift certificates









14870 route 36, cooksburg, pa 16217
814.744.8017



instagram

instagram icon



facebook

facebook icon








































return to nature
your getaway in cook forest, pennsylvania since 1934.



play-icon icon

                      watch full video
                    
accommodations


























return to nature at gateway lodge, a family-owned wilderness lodge in the pennsylvania wilds with romantic fireside suites, cabins, and farm-to-table dining. located in cook forest state park, south of the allegheny national forest, gateway resides in an old-growth forest with the scenic clarion river nearby. 




















it’s time to play again
into the woods
embark on a cross-country skiing adventure under the ancient cathedral of towering hemlock and white pine, spot playful otters along the frozen clarion river, or immerse yourself in the tranquil beauty of cook forest during winter. the magic of cook forest awaits you. return to the natural beauty of cook forest every season to discover the extraordinary. cook forest’s award-winning interpretive programs keep generations coming back year after year.


		
		learn more
	





















creature comforts
stay in a   lodge room  or forest cabin 
gateway offers a range of lodging accommodations, from fireside suite rooms with a jetted tub and private balcony to family cabins each with an outdoor fire pit. complimentary breakfast is delivered each morning to guest rooms as a part of their stay, while our getaway cabins have the convenience of a fully-equipped kitchen for breakfast needs.  gateway’s onsite restaurant, cozy common spaces, and serene outdoor surroundings create a beautiful backdrop for a weekend retreat or celebration.  


learn more


































discover our lodging packages
dream getaways at gateway lodge
enhance your stay by taking advantage of gateway’s entertainment and meal packages. enjoy thoughtfully curated experiences and cuisine in an enchanting setting. gateway’s packages provide the perfect weekend away to celebrate milestones or to retreat from fast-paced living. open summer through winter, slow down and experience the beauty of each season at gateway’s wilderness lodge and cabins. 


		
		learn more
	




















savor local flavors
we are wild crafters 
food in season tastes best and is the best for you. gateway’s wild crafter’s kitchen restaurant sources seasonal, fresh whole foods farmed in and foraged from the pa wilds and beyond. from house-made appetizers to desserts, curated wine-tasting dinners, to locally-noted craft beers, savor each dining experience at gateway. open thursday through saturday evenings. we welcome you to come as you are, off the trails or dressed to celebrate your anniversary. special moments are made here. 


learn more











find inspiration
our journal


















        swoon your valentine at gateway
      
love is in the air! romance your special valentine with a valentine romance weekend package this february!

















        meet nature photographer kevin kaltenbaugh
      
kevin kaltenbaugh is a talented nature photographer who has spent countless hours capturing the natural beauty of cook forest state park.

















        gateway’s list of winter favorites
      
experience some of gateway’s favorite winter activities.








slider-arrow icon

previous slide



slider-arrow icon

next slide




view all
















share the wonder with a gateway gift certificate
purchase a gateway gift certificate for someone special and give the gift of renewal. farm-to-table dining, peaceful room and cabin stays, and awe-inspiring experiences in nature—making lifelong memories is easy here. certificates can be used towards meal and lodging purchases and never expire.


		
		learn more
	
















instagram

instagram icon



facebook

facebook icon






subscribe to stay tuned for news and latest updates.

subscribe










©
                2025
                gateway lodge, cabins and restaurant. all rights reserved. 






14870 route 36, cooksburg, pa 16217

                             814.744.8017

contact us
careers
gateway lodge privacy policy
design by ernest fesco
development by leap xd











site search
start typing and hit return to search. press escape to close search window.







search
search for:


search

search icon





















book now












