









sir – social activities for active men in california–retired and otherwise




































   








↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.









            sir


search for:





social activities for active men in california--retired and otherwise 


 


home
sir activities
what is sir?

what is sir?
welcome to sir videos
the sir organization


where is sir?

branch locations and contacts
branches by city
branches by zip code
map of branches
sir branch websites


contact us

get in touch
sir on facebook


sir members area




 


welcome to sir! what is sir?



watch this 2-1/2 minute video to learn more.

live longer, live happier. join sir!
our activities provide social, physical and mental engagement for men over 50 and their partners. 
we live longer and have more fun!
based in northern and central california, our branches provide a range of activities, and many are coed!

 
social activities
dine in – dine out – wine tasting – travel – bbq’s
physical activities
golf – bowling – bocce – pickleball – fishing
mental activities
book discussion – digital photography – bridge
computers – investments

here’s what our members have to say…


“most of my friends were still working and i was cutting back. sir has provided me many enjoyable opportunities, and i’ve made many new friends.”

— allen r.


“when i retired i didn’t know what to do with my days.
sir’s activities have kept both me and my wife young.”

— ed b.


“my wife had just died, and i was lonely. sir fills my days with fun things to do.”

— ron c.


“i love golf, and sir has the best and largest program in northern california. eighteen holes, nine holes and couples too.”

— bill s.

welcome to sir
we have a short video that you’ll like. turn on your speakers and click on the red play button.




our activities
we are an active and social bunch – take a look at what we do.

learn more





take action

find a branch near you by city, zip code, or map.
click here for branch websites.
click below for an invitation to an introductory luncheon at a branch near you.

get an invitation











↑


















