



abc on investing - humor











abc on investingbizar consultations on money-making






investing humor
famous last words | futile advice | investing humor | terms and jargon | jokes


economics

economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economics.john kenneth galbraith



value of money

money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.woody allen



einstein goes to heaven

einstein dies and goes to heaven only to be informed 
		that his room is not yet ready. "i hope you will not mind waiting in a 
		dormitory. we are very sorry, but it's the best we can do and you will 
		have to share the room with others" he is told by the doorman. 

		einstein says that this is no problem at all and that there is no need 
		to make such a great fuss. so the doorman leads him to the dorm. they 
		enter and albert is introduced to all of the present inhabitants. "see, 
		here is your first room mate. he has an iq of 180!"
		"why that's wonderful!" says albert. "we can discuss mathematics!" 

		"and here is your second room mate. his iq is 150!"
		"why that's wonderful!" says albert. "we can discuss physics!" 

		"and here is your third room mate. his iq is 100!"
		"that wonderful! we can discuss the latest plays at the theater!" 

		just then another man moves out to capture albert's hand and shake it. 
		"i'm your last room mate and i'm sorry, but my iq is only 80."
		albert smiles back at him and says, "so, where do you think interest 
		rates are headed?"



trust

where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.agatha christie



would you have invested?





10 signs you think about your portfolio too much

1. you gave your broker a gift on the fifth anniversary of the day you opened your brokerage account, but forgot to give your wife anything on your wedding anniversary.
		2. you tell your children they can't go to college because you are convinced you can make another 15% on their education accounts when the market turns around.
		3. you go camping, a bear attacks you, and your insurance has run out. you have a choice between selling your microsoft stock or paying for an operation to save your leg. you choose the stock.
		4. when asked to speak at your graduation, you recite line-for-line gordon gekko's "greed is good" speech.
		5. you miss your business partner's funeral because cisco is releasing its earnings report... after all, if he was still alive, he would want you to carry on with business as usual.
		6. you make your sixteen year old daughter get a job at a little-known manufacturing company in the hopes she will hear something and give you valuable insider trading tips.
		7. after a company has a disappointing quarter, you throw all of their products out of your house in anger and call your extended family, demanding they do the same.
		8. the dow jones drops 10% or more. you demand your family skip one meal a day so you can quickly raise cash to buy stock at the new, cheap levels.
		9. you wander the house on saturday and sunday because you have nothing to do. every hour, on the hour, you loudly announce to the house the time remaining until the stock market opens.
		10. your broker has issued a restraining order.
	



clever girl

a little girl visits a watermelon farmer. she points to a large watermelon and asks the farmer how much it is.

		he says, "that one is three dollars."

		the little girl says, "but i've got only thirty cents."

		the farmer points to a small watermelon in his field and say, "how about that one?"

		the little girl: "okay, i'll take it, but leave it on the vine, and i'll be back to get it in a month."
	


corporate earnings





importance of timing

one should buy stock when it is cheap. wait for it to go up and then sell. if it does not go up, don't buy it.randall price



fantastic bubbles that popped



the ponzi scheme - named after charles 
			ponzi, a scam artist who promised investors a return rate of 100% in 
			just 90 days. ponzi lured trusting thousands into his security and 
			exchange company (sec). the supposed whiz kid merely used the new 
			funds to pay off existing investors, a practice now known as a ponzi 
			scheme.
			


the south sea bubble - south sea company 
			was supposed to monopolize trade between england and the americas. 
			it didn't work out.


the mississippi bubble - a company operated 
			by john law to operate in the mississippi valley and other french 
			colonial areas went down the tubes as well.


florida's real estate boom - after florida 
			was won for the usa in 1821, the state remained relatively inhabited 
			until developers realized the immense vacation potential of the 
			'sunshine state'. a huge real estate boom occurred. at one point, an 
			amazing one-third of miami's population had become real estate 
			agents :-). a typical case of bad timing, two florida hurricanes 
			(1926 and 1928) made the florida real estate bubble burst.


the roaring '20s stock market - in two days 
			in october 1929 the dow jones lost nearly 25% of the value it had 
			collected in years of highly leveraged stock speculation (putting 
			10% down and taking out a 90% loan from a broker, secured by the 
			value of the shares, was no problem at all. the crash was promptly 
			followed by the great depression, and the market bottomed a few 
			years later at just 11% of its 1929 peak.


japan's stock bubble - in the 1980s, japanese firms seemed 
			to do everything right, management methods such as tqm, 
			kaizen, kanban, pdsa were being very popular, and investors were extremely 
			bullish on japanese stocks until the 1987 black monday crash.


russia's notorious mmm - after the collapse 
			of the soviet union in 1991, in 1994 an obscure company called mmm 
			opened offices in moscow and other russian cities, and began 
			offering fantastic returns on its shares. russians had an 
			unshakeable faith in the capitalist system at the time, and they en 
			masse pulled their hard earned rubles out of their mattresses, not 
			asking how mmm was going to earn such returns. the pyramid scheme 
			collapsed in 1995, leaving an estimated 50 million russians in the 
			dark. the biggest fraud in history.


the internet bubble - in the second half of 
			the 90s, western investors followed the earlier example of their 
			russian peers. internet companies that never made a single dollar of 
			profit were valued at hundred times their revenues. at one moment 
			serious analysts began measuring the number of mouse clicks. in 
			march 2000 the internet bubble collapsed, leaving only amazon, ebay 
			and google as winners.





the investing bride

a young bride approached her awaiting husband on 
		their wedding night and demanded $10 for their first love-making 
		encounter. in his highly aroused state, he readily agreed. this scenario 
		was repeated each time they made love for the next 30 years, him 
		thinking it was a cute way for her to buy new clothes, etc. 

		arriving home around noon one day, she found her husband in a very 
		drunken state. over the next few minutes she heard of the ravages of 
		financial ruin caused by corporate downsizing and its effects on a 50 
		year old executive. 

		calmly, she handed him a bank book showing deposits and interest for 30 
		years totaling 3 million dollars. pointing across the parking lot 
		she gestured toward the local bank while handing him stock certificates 
		worth 40 million dollars and informing him that he was the largest 
		stockholder in the bank. she told him that for 30 years she had charged 
		him each time they had sex, and this was the result of her investments.

		by now he was distraught and beating his head against the side of the 
		car. she asked him why the disappointment at such good news and he 
		replied, "if i had known what you were doing, i would have given you all 
		of my business!" 
	


famous last words | futile advice | investing humor | terms and jargon | jokes

© 2004-2024, abc on investing - bizar consultations on money-making - last updated: 2024-01-05

tip: serious finance and investment abc.



