




















































college of pharmacy | the university of iowa





































    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of pharmacy
          


top links


apply








search

submit search







search









site main navigation

our programsdoctor of pharmacy (pharmd)why iowa pharmacyadmissionsfinancial supportcurriculumpersonalize your educationprogram datagraduate studiesphd in health services researchphd in drug discovery and experimental therapeuticsphd in pharmaceuticsgraduate degree:  how to applygraduate student lifepost-graduate residency programscommunity-based pharmacy residency programpalliative care and pain management pharmacy residencystudent experiencepharmd student resourcesgraduate student resourcesstudent life and supportpharmd career servicesexcels awardgraduate student lifementoring and advisingpodsstudent organizationswell-beingfinancesresearchbasic sciencedrug discovery and experimental therapeuticspharmaceuticspharmacy practice researchhealth services researchpractice-based researchuniversity of iowa pharmaceuticals clinical practiceclinical practice facultypractice-based researchacademic departmentspharmacy practice and sciencepharmacy practice and science divisionscommunity pharmacy initiativessolace palliative care collaborativepharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeuticsui pharmaceuticalsabout usa message from our deanwhy iowamission, vision, valuesfostering cultural awarenessour buildingzada cooper leadership initiativecollege of pharmacy brandalumni and friendsgivealumni directoryadd your alumni profilehomecomingadvisory boardsalumni awardsget involved!people directory























 







home










        unsurpassed excellence
      

since 1885 the university of iowa college of pharmacy has been advancing distinction in pharmacy education, discovery, and healthcare delivery, training the highest quality pharmacists and pharmaceutical scientists. 







        top 25
      



  

      national ranking
  


  

      we proudly claim membership in the top 20% of 142 pharmacy schools!
  









contact us




schedule a visit 




apply - pharmacy program




apply - phd program 










        our commitment
      

the ui college of pharmacy is committed to fostering, facilitating, and enhancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in all our endeavors.










 







                  striving for unity
                  














        hear from hawkeyes
      

meet some of our students and alumni! 












 









        build your leadership skills
      



charles iles, pharmd student“the ui college of pharmacy stands out for the leadership it instills in its students every day. at iowa, we have an abundant amount of research, connections, and top faculty to enhance our experience. the ui college of pharmacy equips students with the necessary skills to excel wherever we choose to practice.”










 









        learn in a culture of kindness
      



cynthia okafor, phd student“as an international student arriving in the u.s. for the first time, i was drawn to iowa for its simpler-paced society. the ui campus has proven to be exceptionally friendly and safe, fostering a culture of kindness and helpfulness among staff, students, and visitors.”










 









        be innovative & build your network
      



ran huo, '24 phd"if you're looking for a place where you can study effectively, conduct innovative research, and build a strong academic network, the ui college of pharmacy is the place to be."










 









        receive a high-quality education
      



stephanie ekufu, pharmd student"the culture around the ui and iowa city really spoke to me when looking for a school. during my college visit, i could feel the school spirit/hawkeye pride by walking around campus. with highly ranked health professional programs, extensive research opportunities, and an on-campus hospital, i knew that studying at the ui will promise me a high-quality education experience."












        a few of our favorite things....
      















        students recently responded to the question:
      




"what is your favorite thing about the university of iowa college of pharmacy?"

learn more about why you should choose iowa too!


                why iowa
                









 










news and announcements









 









        pharmacy sweethearts
      





                  tuesday, february 11, 2025
                

            meet two of our pharmacy sweethearts: phd students wesam ismail and esra'a khader, and alumni matthew yeates and kaitlin pegump.









 









        ernst study spotlighted
      





                  thursday, february 6, 2025
                

            a study done by clinical professor michael ernst investigating the impact of low-dose aspirin on blood pressure in older adults was spotlighted in iowa now.









 









        veach honored with apha precepting award
      





                  friday, january 31, 2025
                

            clinical associate professor stevie veach is recognized for demonstrating excellence in precepting, mentoring, leadership, and community pharmacy residency program administration.









 









        back to school
      





                  thursday, january 23, 2025
                

            first-year pharmd student austin reutzel is using the wisdom and experience gained by taking a nontraditional pharmacy school path to fulfill his calling.











  view more
  





upcoming events









        college of pharmacy pset seminar series: aktham aburub, phd
      





                  tuesday, february 25, 2025 11:30am
                

college of pharmacy building


the department of pharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeutics and the university of iowa pharmaceuticals in the college of pharmacy will host a seminar presented by alumnus: 

aktham aburub, '04 phd
	vp-research
	synthetic molecule design and development
	eli lilly and company

all are welcome to attend.
canceled








        college of pharmacy pset seminar series: chris richards, phd
      





                  tuesday, march 4, 2025 11:30am
                

college of pharmacy building


the department of pharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeutics in the college of pharmacy will host a seminar presented by: 

chris richards, phd
	associate professor
	department of chemistry
	university of kentucky
	lexington, kentucky

all are welcome to attend.








        college of pharmacy pset seminar series: lian yu, phd
      





                  tuesday, march 11, 2025 11:30am
                

college of pharmacy building


the department of pharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeutics in the college of pharmacy will host a seminar presented by: 

lian yu, phd
	professor
	department of chemistry
	university of wisconsin-madison
	madison, wisconsin

all are welcome to attend.








        college of pharmacy pset seminar series: ujjal sarkar, phd
      





                  tuesday, march 25, 2025 11:30am
                

college of pharmacy building


the department of pharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeutics in the college of pharmacy will host a seminar presented by: 

ujjal sarkar, phd
	qtas-investigative drug metabolism & disposition
	abbvie
	cambridge, massachusetts

all are welcome to attend.








        college of pharmacy pset seminar series: florence williams, phd
      





                  tuesday, april 1, 2025 11:30am
                

college of pharmacy building


the department of pharmaceutical sciences and experimental therapeutics in the college of pharmacy will host a seminar presented by: 

florence williams, phd
	assistant professor
	department of chemistry
	university of iowa

all are welcome to attend.







  view more
  















the university of iowa






university of iowa




college of pharmacy



180 south grand avenue
iowa city, iowa 52242
contact us


social media


 instagram


 facebook


 linkedin


 twitter


 youtube





admin login



footer primary


employee self-service


intranet login


icon


uicapture


thank a colleague


library resources


newview




footer secondary


for preceptors


evalue


people directory


ui pharmaceuticals


pharmd program data


how to find us


visitor parking







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility














