


listserv at ub









ub homemapsub directory
university at buffalo    listserv









listserv home

listserv web interface
subscribe or unsubscribe
subscriber web interface
request new list
repopulate class list
delete a list
list owner interface (login required)
email commands reference card
list owner faq
ub list owner training doc
list subscriber faq
general users guide at lsoft
register a new or replacement password
get help






having trouble logging in after the upgrade?listserv now uses your ubit email and password.all other users can register a new listserv password.



listserv®


										listserv is a commercial mailing list management system that allows you to 
										subscribe to or create, manage, and control an electronic mailing list.
										
										mailing lists are email-based and can function as announce only, moderated, 
										or as a simple discussion list. each member that is subscribed to a particular 
										mailing list receives a copy of every message sent to that list via e-mail.
									


listserv 17.5


listserv 17.5 is the latest major release of l-soft's email list management software. the main features include:

brand new web interface the web interface has been completely redesigned for dramatically improved user-friendliness and supports all types of devices, including tablets and smartphones.
											seamless list archives the list archives are now completely seamless and offer a continuous access experience with three viewing modes to choose from: classic, forum and blog view.
											html newsletter builder the newsletter template builder allows list owners to design and send eye-catching and fully responsive html newsletters and announcements without coding experience.
											html newsletter library the new template library comes with more than 75 responsive newsletter templates, offering a variety of layout styles and color schemes that can be used as-is or modified as needed.
										
















  © 2022 university at buffalo. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  accessibility










