







expertly crafted bespoke timber lodges since 1986 - pinelogpinelog









































skip to main content
skip to main navigation




















more…

lodge range
services
holiday park expertise
commercial
pre-owned lodges
about
close sub menu

our story
expertly crafted
sustainability credentials
faqs


news
contact









01246 942842 sales@pinelog.co.ukrequest a brochurequality with longevity built-in 







 welcome to the home of bespoke timber lodges.
all pinelog timber lodges are expertly crafted and built to the highest standards. we use premium grade materials – inside and out, and each lodge incorporates stress graded timbers for exceptional performance and longevity.
we create luxury lodges that are not only beautiful and distinct but also practical, durable and designed to last.
we offer a range of standard layouts but we also manufacture to order. any lodge can be made to your own bespoke design. with, a superb build quality pinelog timber lodges are perfect for premium holiday parks or as a second home.
a high level of craftsmanship goes into each lodge and every detail is considered to give you the best in design, comfort and style. all this is backed up by exceptional service, underpinned by years of experience, not only in manufacturing lodges, but also through owning and operating our own 5-star holiday parks.
 







 


 





 expertly crafted timber lodges
as one of the uk’s original lodge manufacturers, we have been building, premium timber lodges since 1986. using only the finest materials, every lodge is unique, expertly crafted by professional tradesmen, who have, for more than a generation, built lodges of exceptional beauty and durability that require minimal maintenance.
pinelog timber lodges are built to standards that surpass the bs3632 classification for mobile homes.
explore the craftsmanship
 


 




 pinelog quality and service
outstanding service is at the heart of our approach. we will help you determine the bespoke specification that is right for you.
from re-working floor plans to suggesting external finishes that best complement your location, we will work with you to create a truly bespoke lodge. ask about our extensive range of options for floor plans, cladding, fittings and furnishings.
what’s more, our specialist installations team will ensure your lodge is delivered and sited safely. we also offer a complete ‘settling in’ and after sales service to keep things running smoothly.
our services
 







 


 





 want to talk?
if you would like more details of any of the pinelog lodges please don’t hesitate to get in touch with our sales team.
contact us
 


 




 the pinelog range of lodges
choose from a range of lodges, from the entry level essence through to the aspirational, contemporary glade lodge, all perfect for either the holiday letting market or as a second home. all our designs make maximum use of space to create the most appealing accommodation. you’ll find full details, a photo gallery, virtual tour and a selection of standard floorplans for each range here.
 








woodsman
 



skyline view
 



new england
 





 view our full range of lodges
 





 virtual tours
use our virtual tours to have a closer look and really get a feel for our range of luxury lodges.
 





 

 


 




 our holiday park expertise
at pinelog, we understand the unique demands of the holiday park sector because we have first-hand experience f  them too. all our lodges are tried and tested by our own *award-winning parks in the peak district where pinelog lodges have been used for over 20 years.
 







 


from natural, traditional lodges with hard-wearing timber floors and durable douglas fir cladding, to contemporary timber lodges with the latest technology, energy-saving features and luxurious bathrooms, our lodges represent the very best in low-maintenance, future-proofed structural performance.
choose from a range of external cladding styles to complement the location and context of your site. we work with you to provide lodges that work now and in the future.
some pinelog lodges have been on holiday parks for 25-30 years – a testament to the durability of our build quality and the expertise of our craftsmen. they remain in excellent condition and appearance after many years of use.
*visit england awards for excellence and ‘best in britain’ by hoseasons
see our experience



 





testimonialswe have had the pleasure of purchasing 11 lodges from pinelog.  through the years and continuing, they have been appealing to our customers.  designed and built superbly, their sales, design, siting, and aftersales team are down to earth and helpful.  in particular their aftersales team have outshone other lodge manufacture companies.  their natural, sustainable approach to lodge manufacturing is all there to see in their product range.

for a holiday home or holiday rental lodge, we have no doubt you won't regret buying a pineloggareth and kevin cowin, hawkrigg lune valley parkall testimonials 


 






got any questions?
if you would like more details of any of the pinelog lodges please don’t hesitate to get in touch with our sales team. answers to our faqs may also help.
contact us  faqs




 










to find out more speak to one of our experts today.01246 942842 sales@pinelog.co.ukrequest a brochure
lodge rangepinelog serviceexpertly craftedholiday park expertisecommercialpre-owned lodgesour storyfaqsnewscontact


terms and conditions available on applicationprivacy & cookie policysustainability credentials© pinelog 2025 







we use cookies to see how people use our website.accept all cookiesreject cookies this helps us to improve our content and provide a better experience for you. to find out more about the cookies we use and what they do you can read our privacy & cookie policy
you can revoke your consent any time using the revoke consent button.revoke consent




