



































































the times and democrat | breaking news | read orangeburg, sc and south carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on south carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















60°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state & regional



crime



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


editorials



letters



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



bulldog zone



panther den



college



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


events calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



food



home & garden



health



get healthy



pets



people



announcements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections



newspapers in education




buy & sell


cars



marketplace



place an ad



jobs



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









60°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            high school basketball: cavs, hha win first round games (scisa update)

crews felder converted a three-point play late in triple overtime to help lift calhoun academy to a 71-68 win over patrick henry in the first round of the scisa 3a basketball playoffs. 

















        
        
            orangeburg county council - rezoning ok’d for 19-home development - springfield change advances

a 19-home residential development is planned for firefly lane outside orangeburg.

















        
        
            the four aces whist club of  orangeburg

the four aces whist club in orangeburg, founded in 1975, celebrated its 50th year, promoting fellowship through bid whist.

















        
        
            arts center features 'the black family united and resilient'

the black family united and resilient exhibition at the orangeburg county fine arts center celebrates the evolution and strength of black families from emancipation to present day.

















        
        
            phoenix specialty adds to management team

phoenix specialty mfg. co. announces key management changes, including new hires terri cross and lisa rikard, and the promotion of buck fralick.

















        
        
            hazardous waste landfill  on shore of lake marion  topic of public info session

information on pinewood site hazardous waste landfill activities will be shared at a public session on feb. 20. comments accepted until april 4.

















        
        
            black history month - state college professor was first black cadet at west point

in 1984, i began researching the life of the first blacks to attend the military academy at west point and the naval academy at annapolis.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            driver identified in fatal bamberg county crash


















        
        
            orangeburg man accused of setting mother’s home on fire with her in it -    report: mother  stopped second  attempt with gun


















        
        
            the four aces whist club of  orangeburg















                
                the latest



















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: orangeburg news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            t&d region sports: cross episcopal edges holly hill academy

varsity basketball 





















        
        
            in photos: no. 4 carolina gamecocks take a chomp out of gators in victory



















        
        
            erik bakich suspended for first 2 clemson baseball games. here’s what he’ll do instead

clemson baseball coach erik bakich serves a two-game suspension and joins the radio broadcast team for the team's series in texas.




















        
        
            college baseball: clemson's canarella named as one of 10 players to watch

ten players to watch in college baseball in 2025, highlighted for draft prospects. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the modern obsession with tracking everything

provided content. keeping tabs on every aspect of life has become a standard for many people. schedules on phones, to-do lists, fitness trackers, social media notifications and stock trends ping on our devices on a regular basis.












contributor








        
        
            how ai is transforming personal branding: the rise of creative headshots

contributor content. ai can help professionals embrace their unique traits for creative headshots that perfectly capture who someone is as a person and who they are within their industry. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            major graphics llc



                                        2827 bamberg rd, orangeburg, sc 29115
                                    



 website






















        
        
            lavish hair & spa studio



                                        7314 festival trail road, springfield, sc 29146
                                    




















        
        
            winney's farm



                                        serving customers in, orangeburg, sc 29115
                                    































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


news

local

life & entertainment

life and style

sports

privacy policy

online features 

work here

get healthy




services


anniversary

birth

engagement

wedding

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the times and democrat, 1010 broughton street orangeburg, sc 29115
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























