






wildewood farm – forsyth county’s favorite horseback riding lesson facility


































services
riding lessons
day camp
birthday parties
empowering youth
gallery
leader training
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 















770-843-2478



mon – fri 12:30 – 7:30 pm
sat 10:00 am – 4:00 pm



followfollowfollow








services
riding lessons
day camp
birthday parties
empowering youth
gallery
leader training 
    contact









“an experience for all ages”
wildewood farm, inc. is a privately-owned and operated farm nestled in the foothills of the appalachian mountains. we offer riding lessons, camps, birthday and educational opportunities for people of all ages. visit our facebook page for upcoming events and camp dates!





visit our facebook page








about wilde wood farm inc.

 

  we invite equestrian lovers from across the cummings area to take advantage of our fantastic horse riding lessons, children's entertainment and our day camp for kids. whether you are in need of beginner riding lessons for your young child or training experience for your beloved mare, we have the skill and knowledge to help you out. our company has nearly 30 years of experience in the industry and is run by a generation of equestrians. established in 1996 in cumming, georgia, wildewood farm is a family business that has evolved naturally into what it is today.









upcoming camp dates:

spring break
9:00 – 1:00 each day.
individual days $105/day or $495/week
march 31-april 4
summer camp
8:30-12:30 each day.
$495/week (no individual days)
may 26-30 horse
june 2-6 horse
june 9-13 farm adventure camp
june 16-20 hybrid
june 23-27 advanced camp
june 30-july 4 horse
july 7-10 hybrid
july 14-18 hybrid
july 21-25 horse
fall break 
september 22-26
thanksgiving:
november 24-26
christmas:
december 22, 23, 26, 29, 30, 31, 2









click an image below to register for camp!



















we are using a new platform for our camp registrations, so you will need to create an account on the site before registering for your camp experience… this is what the page will look like:

















important reminder:

 because we have our dogs roaming the grounds at wildewood farm as livestock guardians, we do not allow guests to bring their dogs on site  (or even leave them in the car).


please leave your furry friends at home when you visit for a party, camp, or lesson!  







stay informed on future camp dates and other fun farm events!






follow us on facebook




























wildewood farm is proud to have been voted “best in forsyth” by our community for four years in a row!
 
in 2024, we were voted:
 – best place for kids to have fun
 – best stable 
 – best equestrian











our farm is located in cumming, georgia
 
we are an excellent resource for expanding your riding skills from real equine professionals.










week 1 of horse camp 2022! such a lovely groups of campers and their amazing leader kids!! (facebook)
 







     horse riding lessons and day camp in cumming, georgia.
     



  

with our years of expertise in the industrym we are guaranteed to provide you with excellent riding lessons, and horse training with the use of out monty roberts techniques. we also offer great entertainment for kids as well; our petting zoo is filled with sweet little bunnies, ponies, goats, sheep and chickens. if you are looking for a certified instructor to provide you or your child with dependable riding lessons, choose wildwood farm inc. for the most satisfactory experience.
  

  riding lessons


  you can provide your child with the experience of a lifetime. with our riding lessons, you can expect your young ones to learn about responsibility and respect for these powerful creatures. we provide many course options that include mother-daughter, privates, and more in-depth lessons for those looking to hone their skills. lessons starting at $70/each or $310/month.

  day camps


  school break is approaching, and you’re looking for a place for your child to learn, grow, and interact with others their age; our day camp is the perfect place. here they will learn leadership skills and build relationships with our horses. some of the great experiences your children might experience include visits from our veterinarian and learning what it takes to care for these animals.
check our summer schedule!


  clinic & courses


    certified monty roberts instructor and 2 day to 2 week formats for the introductory horseback riding course. courses include join up™ clinics, horsemanship 101, and longlining. additional courses include trust as well as proper handling.




executive retreats
wildewood farms also now offers a workhorse leadership training day for organizations to help their people develop communication and trust in a unique and fun retreat day.









    visit our facebook  page to stay up-todate with new information about our camp dates!
  


new students: 
	buy one lesson and get the next lesson 1/2 off!











  horse riding instructors and horse trainers
  


  we are happy to provide outstanding horseback riding lessons for all ages! whether your child is a beginner or looking to further their existing techniques, we can help. each of our certified instructors will provide you or your child with all the techniques needed to become a knowledgeable equestrian. if you are looking for a more extensive training program, we suggest that you purchase your child their own boots and helmet for comfort. our lessons are an average of four per group; we also require that jeans, close-toed shoes, and weather-appropriate shirts be worn at lessons for safety and comfort.



  other services that we offer at wildewood farm inc. are horse training for handlers. we are proud to offer non-violent training methods to help you maintain control and trust from your horse. whether you choose to bring in your horse or practice on one of ours, monty roberts™ techniques will help you succeed! some of the techniques that we begin our lessons with include how to halter your horse properly, and how to approach a horse without startling it. in addition to our horse training services, we offer classes for children to learn training and leadership skills as well; these are offered as two-week horse training courses.














  stay connected


  our facebook page contains a wide variety of information and updates on upcoming events. follow us!
 









  esy | private facebook community

ask to join





  view our facebook page

view our page





  what other families are saying about us

view testimonials





  wildewood farm lessons page

follow our page








  more than 50 people recommend wildewood farms, inc.

































view all reviews









  absolutely love this farm such a great environment for the kids to see the farm animals pet feed them and spend time with them! we just had our kids yoga class"

-meric m





  "great place for a fun filled birthday party! wonderful hospitality, family environment and lots of helpers. my baby girl had a blast with her family and friends on the hay ride, feeding the animals..."

-brooke w





  "we went to a birthday party here yesterday and i can’t say enough great things about this place. there’s 30 horses and they are all so happy and so well cared for. all of their animals are..."

  -melanie k








wildewood farm, inc.
address: 5150 oak grove circle cumming, ga 30028phone number: (770) 843-2478
email: hannah (at) wildewoodfarm.com





information
home
services
gallery
contact


services
riding lessons
birthday parties
empowering teens
day camp
equine therapy
executive retreat








 







wildewood farm ©2022 | all rights reserved 















