






welcome to jazz for peace™ grants! – how to turn a simple comment into funds already raised for you and in your bank account!























 









		skip to content	



 




welcome to jazz for peace™ grants!
how to turn a simple comment into funds already raised for you and in your bank account!








    menu	
home
ready to start receiving funds now? – review quick & easy abc checklist below & contact us!

  
			scroll down to content		












what is jazz for peace grants?  step 1.  watch how to get a grant in 3 and 1/2 minutes!


click here – know the funder page – for all the latest  news! 
jazz for peace™ provides empowerment grants, sustainable funding and advocacy for non-profits, artists and all outstanding causes worldwide for over a decade to enable them to be more productive and successful.  see essential components of this grant here.
learn fast with these two super easy 1 minute articles from the enterprise zone!
1. what do you require candidates to understand before they talk to you?
2. what are your grant recipients really receiving? (the feeling beyond the product or service you provide) 
archive of the month! click here for article: what is jazz for peace?









step 2. get funds into your bank account now by creating your jazz for peace™ fundraising link with a simple comment.


in the three minute video located above you learned how one organization was able to turn a simple comment into $25,000 already raised and in their bank account and how it was only the very beginning of the fundraising process!
let’s do the same for you now by clicking on this link:
https://jazzforpeace.org/latestcomments
next step: simply click on the link above and comment on it (send comment to us by email at info@jazzforpeace.org) so we can personalize it for you and create your own jazz for peace fundraising letter
question: how do i help jazz for peace to introduce my project to your board for grant funding approval while turning a simple comment into funds already raised for me and in my bank account at the same time?
answer: start simply by sending us your honest comment by clicking on the link above!
jazz for peace™ / rick dellaratta united nations sponsor  wins international award!
click here to obtain the new jazz for peace cryptocurrency!
  – 





posted on january 7, 2018april 18, 2018 
receive funds into your bank account now. 

help us introduce you to our board and confirm your event with funds already raised for you and in your bank account!. one of 6 sustainable fundraising steps that this grant provides as we grow your empowerment tree.










step 3: how do i confirm my event with funds already raised for me?


please share your personalized fundraising letter with 15 – 25 of your favorite team members, friends, family and supporters asking each of them to review the info and make their comment just as you have done. 
send us this vip list back to us in one email just as this person has done in this example below.
click here for example
it’s that easy! 
expand your donor, support or fan base & broaden your outreach; thank, honor, reward and strengthen the support base you already have; and confirm your event with funds already raised for you so that we can grow all of the additional and profitable fundraising branches of the tree necessary to make your event one of our greatest ever!
 
 








ready to receive funds now? – review quick & easy checklist below & contact us!


after reviewing checklist below, click here and contact us at info(at) jazzforpeace.org or phn: 646 -709- 2950!
see video from recent event: jazz for peace™ live in nigeria!
“these are all really great videos rick!…that was a fantastic speech that you made in the beginning, followed up by equally incredible music. it’s a noble cause and your grants have done wonders to help many groups similar to yours.  please keep up the good work that you and your organization do.” ~ giovanni vittozzi – queens, ny
*** jazz for peace™ feat. rick dellaratta performs “free j a”, thelonious monks “ruby my dear”, and “stop & smell the roses”.***  











quick & easy abc checklist:


as detailed in our introductory video and additional information page , a jazz for peace grant provides a “helpful step forward” to an outstanding cause such as yours in the following 6 ways:


1. expand your donor and support (fan) base
 
2. thank, reward, honor and rejuvenate the supporters you already have.
 
3. obtain more sponsors! 
 
4. new & prestigious supporters.
 
5. greater publicity and awareness.
 
6. and last but not least – to be better funded.
 
these are the 6 branches of our empowerment tree that we grow for each grant recipient as detailed on our grant benefits page and in the easy instructional videos below. 
 
over 850 grants have already been awarded to the worlds most outstanding causes, artists and projects in part because of this “quick & easy abc checklist” below that prepares you to help us introduce you to our board and then jump start the fundraising process by “confirming your event with funds already raised for you!”.
here is our quick & easy abc checklist.


a. watch our 3 minute video how to get a grant in 3 and 1/2 minutes!
b. click on this link and send us your comment  – this easy step “helps us introduce you to our board”.
c. share your personalized fundraising letter with your team members, friends, family and supporters! – and let the jazz for peace grant dept. grow your empowerment tree and “confirm your event with funds already raised for you!”

after reviewing the “abc checklist” above with your team, the next step is simply to contact us for grant funding approval.
.
please let us know if you are ready for our team to assist you to correctly and successfully complete your grant application so our team can make your world class cultural fundraising event one of our greatest ever!













find us address
400 w43 street
new york, ny 10036
email: info  at  jazzforpeace.org
hours
monday—friday: 9:00am–5:00pm
saturday & sunday: 11:00am–3:00pm

 

about this site featured quotes:
“international jazz day could not happen without partners like jazz for peace….using concerts, community outreach and education programs to raise support and awareness for local and international charities…to promote charitable and service-based activities that help make a positive difference in the world…to unify and empower the vulnerable in our society. we are indebted to you for your steadfast support, and look forward to working with you…” ~ herbie hancock 
 
“i would like to commend the staff and volunteers for all of their hard work and devotion on behalf of such an outstanding cause.” ~ u.s. senator john mccain
 
hear jazz for peace perform billy strayhorn’s classic isfahan: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_ahjhhm7-s
 
see jazz for peace live at the washington dc lincoln memorial:  https://vimeo.com/215577496


complete list of quotes, testimonials &  empowerment tree details: https://jazzforpeace.wordpress.com/about/



*** about our funding: jazz for peace™ has received enough funding  from prestigious supporters, grants, and every day people just like you to give a helpful step forward to over 850 outstanding causes along with countless musical instrument donations, and educational presentations. please make your donation today.***


donate!

















search



			search for:		


  
		search	

 


yelp  
facebook  
twitter  
instagram  
email  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	










































































































































































