



 full-service marine facility & custom boat builder | miller marine southport florida



































































about

about miller marine
location
contact



ship store


services


custom boats


commercial


government


contact



















call today (850) 784-2992







about



about miller marine
location
contact





ship store




service



haul outs
dockage & storage
rates
subcontractors
photo gallery





custom boats




commercial projects




residential projects




contact










your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
				






welcome tomiller marine
 
we are a family owned, full-service marine facility and custom boat builder with the most experienced and highly trained professionals providing quality work.
				
 
more about miller marine














service & repairs











custom rebuilds


























commercial projects











government projects














					custom designed
					for your adventures
				
 
at miller marine, generations of experience in hand-crafting methods are combined with the latest in foam core construction technology to create the fully-custom boats built with strength, efficiency and beauty!
				
 
learn more    start building 













the staff of miller marine is excellent. they do what they say, in the timeline they provided and work hard to help facilitate your quick return to the water. they still believe that taking care of the customer is more important than making 1 time profit.  i trust them with my business and they have never disappointed me.  quality operation from the yard to the office. pat greenawesome as always, very helpful with my yatch. would highly recommend if you need anything. lex harrisonwe came to miller with a project boat.
from the bottom job, the propellers reconditioning, the hot water heater to the major engine removal and refurbishment of them both, we can't thank the miller marine crew enough.
from management  all the way to the detailing of our boat we had a wonderful experience,  needless to say we will recommend miller for anything your boat or yacht may need. thank  you again  megan!!! john castillo



































contact us
 

									7141 grassy point road
									panama city, fl 32409
									(850) 265-6768

 

									12 miles north of the panama city beach pass in fanning bayou.
									posted well by navigational markers.
								
 

									latitude 30 16' 52" n 
									longitude 85 38' 20" w"
								
 































 

 © miller marine. all rights reserved.
								
			
									web design and development by aaron rich marketing | login























