




 







home | the united states of america wushu kungfu federation

































































 


skip to content


menu



the united states of america wushu kungfu federation 







about about usawkf 
what is wushu 

us wushu team 
  events upcoming events 
contemporary national rankings 
kungfu national rankings 
recent competition results 

rules 
news 
schools 
contact 
membership 
sanction 
 







 



 



 



 



 



 

 





close menu























 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

















 













welcome to the official webpage of the united states of america wushu kungfu federation! we are committed to growing the sport of wushu in the us and around the world. do your part in helping grow the sport by becoming a member!

 









					upcoming events		    








2025 phoenix wushu nationalsphoenix wushu nationals is one of the largest chinese martial arts tournaments in the us! located at the rawhide event center, our competition venue will be over 48,000+ sqft. thismarch 8 - march 9 at rawhide event center2025 golden state international wushu championshipsdate: may 24-25, 2025 place: santa clara convention center address: 5001 great america parkway, santa clara, ca 95054, usa this competition will include a kungfu team trial for us athletesmay 24 - may 25 at santa clara convention center 




— view all events — 









					latest news		    











 





may 4, 2024



announcement  
wushu camp and cultural exchange program in china

the united states of america wushu-kungfu federation is excited to offer american wushu/kungfu practitioners and enthusiasts a unique opportunity to join the u.s. youth elite wushu training camp and cultural […]
read more










 





may 22, 2023



competitions  
team trials, national rankings and national championships schedule

we are so excited to see you at the 2023 usawkf national team trials, national championships & 1st national kungfu ranking! please see the schedule overview below: for taolu team […]
read more










 





january 25, 2023



announcement  
voting for athlete of the year 2022

on january 18, 2023, the international wushu federation (iwuf) debuted the first iwuf athlete of the year awards starting for athletes recognized in 2022. it follows the success of iwuf’s […]
read more










 





november 16, 2022



announcement  


today marks the one year countdown until the 16th world wushu championships! we will be announcing updates, athletes’ highlights, and behind-the-scenes content from the official 16th wwc accounts (facebook, instagram, […]
read more










 





october 4, 2022



announcement  
16th world wushu championships logo contest

  calling for wushu enthusiasts, artists, and inspired community members! the upcoming 16th iteration of the world wushu championships in fort worth/dallas, texas is looking for talented artists to help […]
read more










 





august 13, 2022



announcement  
world wushu kungfu day 2022

celebrate the sport of wushu on august 13, 2022 for the annual world wushu-kungfu day! thanks to all those who submitted photos and videos. we celebrated it together in the […]
read more













— view all news — 

 













faqs 







  what is usawkf?




the mission of usawkf is to organize the amateur sport of wushu-kungfu in the united states and to improve the quality of the sport, increase its popularity, and deliver its benefits to the people of the united states.
the united states of america wushu kungfu federation (usawkf) is the official united states representative to the 145 member-nation international wushu federation (iwuf), the official member of the international olympic committee (ioc). usawkf is the first and only organization in the u.s. to successfully develop regional and national activities and its formation has tremendously improved the way wushu-kungfu events are managed and conducted in the u.s. 





  how was usawkf formed?




in june of 1992, a group of martial artists led by sifu anthony goh began discussions related to a national organization dedicated to the development of a tournament circuit and a national structure for operations. it was felt that if the united states was to compete effectively in wushu-kungfu events on an international level an official presence was required. with this agenda, the san francisco discussions led to the election of a preparatory committee with a nine member executive committee.
this was the first step towards unifying the chinese martial arts community in america. the members of the committee networked, corresponded with and talked to martial artists from all over the country to ask for their suggestions about how this proposed national organization should be formed and how it should operate. following this process, two meetings were held in baltimore, maryland and orlando, florida with the executive committee to synthesize this information, which led to more meetings in early 1993.
in these meetings the group discussed bylaws, national and regional structures, membership, national competition ratings, fundraising, publications, national team selection, certification of judges and officials and other topics. a national advisory council was also nominated.
the united states of america wushu kungfu federation was brought formally into being during the inauguration held in baltimore on august 21, 1993. during the ceremony the usawkf’s first executive committee/board of directors assumed their duties and responsibilities. 





  what are the accomplishments of the usawkf?




in 1995, usawkf held the world wushu championships in baltimore, maryland. this was the first and largest world championship held outside of asia. this event spurred other continents to host the world wushu championships in their respective organizations. this expanded participation in the world wushu championships greatly enhanced the prestige of the international wushu federation (iwuf).
usawkf was the first organization to officially represent the united states in the international wushu federation (iwuf), the official member of the international olympic committee (ioc).
usawkf has created a national network of martial artists, schools, coaches, and athletes dedicated to supporting the sport of wushu-kungfu in the united states. this network provides information, training, support, and promotion for our members and others interested in the art of wushu-kungfu.
usawkf has provided a tournament circuit which has benefited martial artists, schools, and promoters. this has produced a higher quality of tournaments and a better competition environment for the wushu-kungfu community. in fact, many of the event promoters in the united states today were once nurtured by usawkf.
the u.s. team trials have been improved with new guidelines, rules, organization, and openness. this effort greatly benefits the top athletes in our country who desire to represent the u.s. in the official world and international championships. 





  what are the benefits of becoming a member?




by joining usawkf you will be part of a dynamic effort of developing and promoting the sport of wushu and kungfu within the united states! in addition, with your membership you will receive:

become eligible to be selected as a member of the u.s. national team
discounts to usawkf events
quarterly newsletter
email updates on the latest news from the world of wushu!
membership card
membership certificate
usawkf patch
 






your question is not here? 





email us











newsletter sign upstay updated with all the latest usawkf news by joining our mailing list.
first name *last name *email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite sign up example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the united states of america wushu kungfu federation. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive newsletter emails from: usawkf. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 

 

























 






info 





7905 harford road 2fl, parkville, md 21234




usawkf@usawkf.org











follow us 





























 


















back to top


 













 

