







home | the regency town house

















skip to main content









the regency town house



            brighton & hove heritage, conservation, community          
 
 




to find out what, where, when… sign up to our monthly newsletter here!



 





about us
what's on
exhibition & venue hire
here in the past project
collections
local history
the regency period
care of historic homes
historic building consultancy
blog
women's history group
support us
shop
the myhousemystreet website
 


our other websites

discover who lived in brighton & hove in the past at www.myhousemystreet.org.uk
 
explore a unique collection of british portrait silhouettes at www.profilesofthepast.org.uk
 




contact us


the regency town house
	13 brunswick square
	brighton & hove
	east sussex
	bn3 1eh,    uk
t: 01273 206306
	e: office@rth.org.uk



 



          home        








the regency town house at 13 brunswick square, is a grade 1 listed terraced home in the heart of brunswick town, a georgian estate in the city of brighton & hove on the sussex coast.
built in the 1820s, the town house is today being developed by staff and volunteers as a heritage centre and museum. its activities are funded through the brunswick town charitable trust, a registered charity set up to support the project in 1994.
to discover upcoming exhibitions and events, browse snippets of local history or to find out what our volunteers have been up to, please subscribe to our monthly newsletter.
 






	upcoming exhibitions & events

	 
course: writing history
runs over three mondays: 10th, 17th and 24th march
	do you see yourself as the next georgette heyer? or perhaps you would rather record the history of your house?

	dive into the past with town house volunteer and writer bridget whelan (aka mrs finnegan).  more here…
drama: krapp's last tape, by samuel beckett
monday 7th to sunday 13th april
plus
photographs from the wembley to soweto foundation
	we are delighted to be opening our 2025 events programme with a week of beckett in the drawing room!

	starring david westhead and directed by academy award nominee stockard channing, krapp's last tape is a riveting journey into the human soul. more here…



 



tours of the town house


take a curator-led tour of the town house - see the tour schedule and book your place here: whats-on/tours-walks.



our very own ghost book!


'curious tales of the regency terraces'
for each of the past ten years, author and town house volunteer catherine page has written a chilling story to entertain our xmas guests.

catherine’s stories have now been gathered together in this beautifully designed book.
read more
 



sign up for our newsletter

our monthly newsletter lists our upcoming events, reviews, news from the town house, history features and snippets, plus a local exhibition listing.
 
click here to sign-up.
 
 



 
 



my house my street


a collaborative, community project
if you are interested in the history of your house and street, the myhousemystreet project is for you. explore the project at myhousemystreet or contact us to get involved.





bevan and dewar letters


insight into regency brighton
take a look at our collection of transcribed letters, written from 1824 to 1870, which provide an insight into family life during the late-regency period.





local history


a frenchman's visit to brighton
discover our detailed transcription of le comte de la garde's articles 'eight days at brighton' and our translation of his later volume 'brighton; scènes détachées d'un voyage en angleterre'.



 











about us


find us

contact us

privacy statement

cookies






friends
subscribe





donate







what's on


tours and walks

open door

courses






past events


at home

photo biennial






exhibiting here





collections


bevan and dewar family letters

jackson architectural ornament

denman architectural drawings








local history


brighton timeline

brunswick town

blue plaque virtual tours

c a busby architect

articles from the past






the regency period


regency family life






building regency houses


influences

the architect

structure

skills and crafts








care of historic homes







the house library







our characters


mrs martha hankey

mrs elinor vicary

mrs simpson

joshua crabtree





login



 
 
 


