



home












































































































































need any help? contact us


this web page requires a javascript enabled browser.





return to top


take a trip to see more about modellingwelcome to the world of figurative modelling, resources and events, brought to you by the renowned uk based model -

her modelling began for a group of artists near oxford in 2004. since then, she’s become one of the uk’s most sought after models and has uniquely developed a number of related and highly successful figurative art services and products that can be grouped in these areas:- 


  life drawing classes & workshops  figurative modelling (photographic, body art, sculpture etc)  social (hen and stag)    corporate life drawing events / classes / parties.


for more information, please click on the “bullet points” above or pictures below:-













view now














view now








© copyright notice

we’re delighted to welcome you to modelled me uk & the range of figurative art services that we provide in the uk. 

for many of these, modelled me uk has been at the forefront of developing the market and interest to corporate clients, the numerous agencies that sell the services on to the end clients and members of the general public. 

today, there’s an increasing number of models/companies setting up and attempting to emulate our success. please, don’t be taken in by any such (inexperienced) operations - research them thoroughly and you will find that many of them have been stealing pictures & text from our websites 

we constantly trawl the web to identify these individuals or companies and always prosecute to the fullest extent of the law. © 2022















view now




rosemarie




home


modelling


life drawing


hen & stag


news


links


contact



copyright 2023 © 


for enquiries & bookings call: +44(0)7769 694 994 / +44(0)1793 264 437

n.b
our services are based on classic figurative art with no adult content. 

general: info@modelled.me.uk courses: courses@modelled.me.uk

figurative art services and resources









all rights reserved. 




statistics




portfolio






life model




portrait model




sculpture model




body casting




body painting




publishing




fitness model




fashion model




fine art model




glamour model




steam punk






models & tutors




courses & classes 




corporate events






team building




ice breaker




corporate partners






your event




options




contact us






newsarchive1




newsarchive2 








