 canham rogers chartered accountants – canham rogers chartered accountants 

 
500-2 lansing square, north york


 
call us: (+1 416-494-8000)




hometeamuseful linkslibrarycontactxwho we are...canham rogers, chartered professional accountants is located in toronto and provides professional financial services to a wide variety of companies. our firm is a member of cpa ontario and cpa canada.our partners and staff work in teams in order to provide our clients with the highest possible level of service.

accounting services


canham rogers provides fiscal year end accounting services to assist our clients with their financial and taxation needs. generally the year end accounting process focuses on both accounting matters and tax minimization issues and can include preparation of the following:annual financial statements,federal and provincial corporate income tax returns,shareholder remuneration planning,gst filings,review of financial and cash flow matters to assist with planning for the future.in addition to year end accounting services, many of our clients require assistance with monthly or quarterly reporting matters. including income statements, balance sheets, general ledger, cash flow and other financial reports.

corporate and personal income tax planning 


our main focus at canham rogers is to identify opportunities for our clients to arrange their affairs in the most tax efficient manner in order to minimize their overall tax burden.we accomplish this through deferring, minimizing, reallocating, and splitting income to the fullest extent possible and include creative compensation arrangements, inter-corporate transactions, and corporate restructuring.

management consulting and buy-sell assistance


many of our clients look to canham rogers to provide business advisory and management consulting services because of our intimate knowledge of their operations. as a result we regularly work with management in such areas as financial analysis, inventory management, sales and marketing, and employee compensation arrangements. many of our clients request that we attend monthly or quarterly management meetings to provide feedback on various operational matters.our broad financial experience allows our clients to utilize our skills in situations where they are:buying or selling a business,restructuring their existing business, ornegotiating shareholder and related agreements.

focus on technology


fast paced developments in the high tech sector have produced many new canadian businesses. canham rogers has many clients in this area and is able to provide expertise in dealing with specific tech sector challenges such as:creative remuneration plans for key employees,stock options, profit sharing and phantom stock plans,business merger assistance,business expansion into the usa,shareholder agreements to maximize corporate results.

trusts, wills and estate services


at canham rogers we assist many of our clients with estate planning and the management of wealth transfer from one generation to the next in a tax effective manner. many of our clients utilize inter vivos trusts in order to minimize future capital gains taxes as well as to reduce probate fees. testamentary trusts are also used to achieve a variety of financial goals in addition to tax minimization.we work very closely with our clients and their family to provide assistance regarding the many taxation, accounting, and business matters that can arise on disability or death.canham rogers is a member of the society of trust and estate practitioners.we are often asked to act as executors on behalf of our clients and in order to properly discharge this responsibility, we require:(a) an original signed copy of the most recent will for you and your spouse,(b) a list of all assets and liabilities including a listing of all bank accounts, safety deposit boxes, insurance policies, investment accounts, rrsp's, annuities, real property, cars, antiques, etc. [this list should be updated and forwarded to us on a periodic basis],(c) if applicable, any loans outstanding with family members or friends, the terms of the loans, and any documentation which might exist, [e.g. promissory notes] and whether any of this should be forgiven or equalized when making beneficiary payments from your estate,(d) any specific instructions regarding such things as family heirlooms, burial preferences, etc.we also find it quite beneficial to meet with you and your spouse to review this documentation and discuss it in detail with you.

international taxation services


many of our clients request our assistance regarding taxation matters on both inbound investment into canada and outbound investment out of canada.while the usa is the most common foreign jurisdiction for our clients, we provide assistance for our clients who trade in europe, caribbean jurisdictions, australia, and east asia.

0
+customers worldwide
0
+years of experience
request calllet our team contact you

request call 
    “the budget should be balanced; the treasury should be refilled; publicdebt should be reduced; and the arrogance of public officials should becontrolled.”      cicero. 106-43 b.c.get in touch
	 address: 2 lansing square suite 500 toronto, ontario

phone : +1(416) 494-8000

fax : +1(416)494-8032
email : info@canhamrogers.com
© copyright canham rogers, chartered professional accountantsall right reserved.     



