





https://www.alliancemachine.com































		skip to content










 







home
what we offer
fms
who are we?
contact
certifications and equipment
blog
gallery
 









 







 







main menu

 









home
what we offer
fms
who are we?
contact
certifications and equipment
blog
gallery
 









 




cnc precision machined components:request a quote!

aerospace, defense, medicaland more!





about us
alliance machine inc. was founded in 1987. from 1987 through 2003 ami was  a job shop in the local medical, technology, and industrial sector. since 2004 ami has become a leader in precision, tight tolerance, machining serving the aerospace, defense, medical industries, and more. some of our biggest customers include the likes of northrop grumman, parker, l3harris, bae, raytheon, lockheed, honeywell, spacex, general dynamics, and more. 
our mission is to deliver unparalleled accuracy and quality in every component we produce. our state-of-the-art 42,000 square foot facility is equipped with the latest advanced technology, enabling us to tackle complex projects with the highest precision.  at the heart of our operations is a dedicated team of skilled machinists and engineers, committed to continuous improvement and innovation. 
we pride ourselves on stringent quality control measures, ensuring that each part not only meets but exceeds industry standards.  we are iso 9001 and as9100 certified. ami is more than a machine shop; we are a partner in the success of our customers, shaping the future with precision and reliability.














 














great culture starts with core values


christian values
practicing good morals, values, integrity, respect, honesty.


professionalism
language, dress code, code of conduct, hard working, friendly, humble, organized, clean, etc. 


growth
working to grow our people and business.


team work
good communication, bringing each other up to the next level by working together.


passion
loving, caring, and taking pride in everything we do.




the customer is the job: we never take the work in front of us for granted!





what makes us different?



~fully automated flexible manufacturing system (fms) saving customers time and money~100% quality and 98% otif over the last 3 years~alliance machine traction based management system (eos system) since2014~holding tolerances as tight as .0001” machined surfaces tolerances~cmmc level 2 certified for best in practice cybersecurity~fully integrated epicor mrp system to manage production and supply chain since 2006~ami can support complete assemblies with the ability to do: in-house pressure testing assembly, manage supply chain, and complete inspection at the top level assy drawings


client testimonials


alliance machine inc. delivered exceptional components for our aerospace project. their attention to detail and quality surpassed our expectations.
– john s.


we have been working with alliance machine inc. for several years and their commitment to on-time delivery has been outstanding. we can always rely on them to meet our timelines.
– emily j.


the team at alliance machine inc. has been instrumental in the success of our robotics project. their expertise and support have been invaluable.
– sophia l.




experience the
future of manufacturing with alliance machine inc.start a quote today!





 








17520 tyler street nw elk river, mn 55330   sales@alliancemachine.com (763)-425-1616 
 





home
blog
meet us
 













 



 

privacy policy 
terms & conditions
copyright©2025 https://www.alliancemachine.com
 









 scroll to top






















