


















 home | department of chemistry | illinois








        skip to main content
      








college of liberal arts & sciences

department of chemistry





apply
make a gift




admissions


undergraduate


graduate


meet our undergraduates


meet our graduate students


why study chemistry


student financial aid


undergraduate application


graduate application


visit illinois




academics


undergraduate studies


general chemistry


graduate studies


bylaws & policy manual


chemistry learning center


course listing


scs academic advising office




research


research overview


analytical chemistry


chemical biology


inorganic chemistry


materials chemistry


organic chemistry


physical chemistry


research concentrations


undergraduate research




news & events


annual report


chemistry master calendar


e-newsletter


events


history


videos


news


public engagement and outreach


seminars


sesquicentennial archives




people


administration


faculty & staff


student organizations


history


careers


illini chemists


in memoriam


merchandise


nobel prize winners


teachers ranked as excellent by their students




diversity


graduate diversity and program climate


climate and diversity action plan


community values & expectations


events


initiatives


organizations


resources




alumni


alumni news


alumni resources


donate to chemistry


history















 

focus on your future


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


research





 

block reference



chemistry news



 


read article: nicholas e. jackson selected as a 2025 cottrell scholar


nicholas e. jackson selected as a 2025 cottrell scholar


research corporation for science advancement, america's first foundation dedicated wholly to science, has named 16 early career scholars in chemistry, physics, and astronomy as recipients of its 2025 cottrell scholar awards, including illinois chemistry faculty...







 


read article: minecraft players can now explore whole cells and their contents


minecraft players can now explore whole cells and their contents


scientists have translated nanoscale experimental and computational data into precise 3d representations of bacteria, yeast and human epithelial, breast and breast cancer cells in minecraft, a video game that allows players to explore, build and manipulate structures in three dimensions. the...












 

block reference







 


read article: in memoriam: alumnus and professor emeritus clifford e. dykstra


in memoriam: alumnus and professor emeritus clifford e. dykstra


university of illinois alumnus and professor emeritus of chemistry clifford e. dykstra (bs, ’73) passed away jan. 18, 2025, at the age of 72.

a memorial service will be march 1 at the arcola presbyterian church,...







 


read article: prashant jain to receive 2025 craver award for spectroscopy contributions 


prashant jain to receive 2025 craver award for spectroscopy contributions 


professor prashant k. jain, g. l. clark professor of physical chemistry, has been selected by the coblentz society to receive the 2025 craver award. the 2025 craver award will be presented to jain this fall at ...







 


read article: ying diao, professor in chemical and biomolecular engineering and chemistry, receives presidential early career award


ying diao, professor in chemical and biomolecular engineering and chemistry, receives presidential early career award


four researchers at the university of illinois urbana-champaign were named recipients of the presidential early career award for scientists and engineers, the highest honor bestowed by the u.s. government on young professionals at the outset of their independent research careers.

the winners this...






read more news








 

calendar




view all events




 





looking for chemistry merchandise?




purchase department of chemistry apparel. featured items include shirts, outerwear, hats, and more.




shop now







 

block reference



 

spotlight: yankwich, peter ewald (1923-2004)
professor yankwich was internationally recognized for his contributions to three fields of scientific research: the chemical effects of nuclear transformations, the application of radiocarbon tracers to the elucidation of chemical reaction mechanisms, and isotope mass effects on chemical reaction rates. his principal contribution was a long series of experimental and theoretical studies of isotope rate effects.
read more about yankwich, peter ewald (1923-2004)












research areas in chemistry








analytical chemistry











chemical biology











inorganic chemistry











materials chemistry











organic chemistry











physical chemistry

















department of chemistry

                  505 south mathews avenue
              
        urbana,
                 il
                   61801
        
(217) 333-5071
email: chemistry@illinois.edu



instagram
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin



college of liberal arts & sciences





additional resources


about


department login


emergency phone numbers


resources


















additional links

about cookies
privacy policy
© 2025 university of illinois board of trustees
login













