








stanford inn mendocino hotel & resort | mendocino ocean view bed and breakfast





























































 skip to content








reservations & gift certificates 707-937-5615 (24/7) 

best ratesvalentine’s menu 














 accommodationsall rooms comparisonking roomsqueen roomsqueen ada roomsdouble bed rooms2 room suitesexpanded family suitecanoe & barn suitesbest rate guaranteeproperty mapreservations & policiesdiningabout ravens restaurantbreakfastlunch on the go!dinnerdessertcocktails & beerwine listboats & bikesresortoverviewfaqsev chargersinspirationsstanford inn’s books!activities calendarspa serviceswellness classes >nutrition & healthy livingcreative playshopcooking classesbreathworkmindfulness & meditationgardening classesyoga / tai chi / pilatesvideosmushroom & nature tourschinese traditionorganic gardensenvironmental leadership field schoolpet-friendlyspecials & packagesseasonal savingsweekend of wellness and sweet indulgencevacation packagescreative journey retreatvegan retreatsweddings & groupsweddings & elopementsmeetings & corporate retreatsbook nowaccommodationsall rooms comparisonking roomsqueen roomsqueen ada roomsdouble bed rooms2 room suitesexpanded family suitecanoe & barn suitesbest rate guaranteeproperty mapreservations & policiesdiningabout ravens restaurantbreakfastlunch on the go!dinnerdessertcocktails & beerwine listboats & bikesresortoverviewfaqsev chargersinspirationsstanford inn’s books!activities calendarspa serviceswellness classes >nutrition & healthy livingcreative playshopcooking classesbreathworkmindfulness & meditationgardening classesyoga / tai chi / pilatesvideosmushroom & nature tourschinese traditionorganic gardensenvironmental leadership field schoolpet-friendlyspecials & packagesseasonal savingsweekend of wellness and sweet indulgencevacation packagescreative journey retreatvegan retreatsweddings & groupsweddings & elopementsmeetings & corporate retreatsbook nowaccommodationsall rooms comparisonking roomsqueen roomsqueen ada roomsdouble bed rooms2 room suitesexpanded family suitecanoe & barn suitesbest rate guaranteeproperty mapreservations & policiesdiningabout ravens restaurantbreakfastlunch on the go!dinnerdessertcocktails & beerwine listboats & bikesresortoverviewfaqsev chargersinspirationsstanford inn’s books!activities calendarspa serviceswellness classes >nutrition & healthy livingcreative playshopcooking classesbreathworkmindfulness & meditationgardening classesyoga / tai chi / pilatesvideosmushroom & nature tourschinese traditionorganic gardensenvironmental leadership field schoolpet-friendlyspecials & packagesseasonal savingsweekend of wellness and sweet indulgencevacation packagescreative journey retreatvegan retreatsweddings & groupsweddings & elopementsmeetings & corporate retreatsbook now 










 






conde nast traveler readers’ choice award 
							 



“rustic hilltop elegance”  - los angeles magazine 
							 


ravens restaurant featured in "o magazine" 
							 


"... tops list of best dog-friendly vacations." - sunset magazine 
							 


"top luxury wellness getaway" ~ vegnews 
							 


recommended by outside magazine 
							 


" . . . more than a magnificent resort. it’s a true ecosystem."
 - n california best places 
							 





 




welcomechristine gustafson2025-02-15t00:10:29-08:00

the stanford inn ~ a destination resort & farm on the mendocino coastvalentine’s message from jeff & joanwelcome from joan & jeff stanford
moving here in 1980, we were changed by the creative and healing energies of the land which is situated between the vast pacific ocean and the vibrant big river. we are delighted to share this transformative place with guests from around the world. the energies we experience here nurture us and we reciprocate by nurturing not only our guests, but the people who work here, the farm and gardens, and the mendocino community.
we hope your stay at the stanford inn will allow you to reclaim your life, true purpose, and the relationships that nurture your soul!
stay with us!vegan restaurant
heated pool & hot tub
bicycles & boats
pet-friendly
free wifi
ev charging stations
🌱 join chef aj and dr. alan goldhamer for an unforgettable weekend at the prestigious stanford inn! 🌱
this april, immerse yourself in the ultimate plant-based getaway with two of the most influential voices in the vegan community: chef aj, bestselling author of sweet indulgence, and dr. alan goldhamer, renowned author of the pleasure trap and expert on medically supervised water fasting.
get the details!“this is the kind of place we would all build if we were as singled-minded, as energetic, as creative as the stanford family. the inn is wonderful!!”
– national geographic traveler

 





pool, hot tub, sauna 
							 


exquisite accommodations 
							 


100% pet-friendly 
							 


organic gardens 
							 


yoga classes 
							 


creative playshops 
							 


complimentary bicycles 
							 


plant-based cuisine 
							 


outrigger canoes 
							 


spa services 
							 






×your stanford inn getaway begins when you leave home!closethe spectacular drive to stanford inn – watch the video!the stanford inn, historic farm & eco-resort offers a holistic and enriching experience that combines luxury, sustainability, wellness, and natural beauty, creating a magical and memorable stay for its guests.

location and scenerysituated on a hillside overlooking mendocino bay, the inn offers breathtaking views of the pacific ocean and surrounding forests. the picturesque setting is ideal for relaxation and rejuvenation.sustainability and eco-friendly practices
the stanford inn is committed to sustainable practices, including organic farming, renewable energy use, and eco-friendly amenities. they have their own organic gardens, which supply fresh produce for their on-site restaurant.
wellness and healing focus
the inn emphasizes wellness, offering various holistic health programs such as yoga classes, meditation sessions, and wellness retreats. their spa services include massages and other therapeutic treatments.
ravens restaurant
the on-site restaurant, ravens, is renowned for its delicious and innovative plant-based cuisine. the menu features organic, vegan dishes that are made with ingredients sourced from their gardens and local farms.
pet-friendly environment
the stanford inn is one of the few luxury resorts that welcome pets, making it a favorite for travelers who wish to bring their furry companions along.
outdoor activities and adventures
guests can enjoy a variety of outdoor activities, including canoeing, biking, hiking, and exploring the nearby beaches and redwood forests. the inn provides equipment and guidance for these activities.
educational opportunities
the stanford inn offers various workshops and classes on topics such as organic gardening, cooking, and sustainable living. these educational experiences enrich the stay for guests interested in learning more about eco-friendly practices.
art and creativity
the inn fosters a creative environment with art classes, retreats, and workshops. the surroundings and ambiance inspire creativity and artistic expression.
thank you from candace k, april 2024
“our stay at the stanford inn was absolutely the best vacation experience that we had in many years. the rhythms of the stanford inn, your very tasty, nourishing breakfasts, your scrumptious teas, your dedicated staff, unrivaled amenities and the high level of comfort has left us longing to return. the healthful, restorative, serene experience that you have both devoted to providing is unsurpassed in our experience. we also enjoyed interacting with jeff and it made it hard for us to depart and we wished that we had stayed longer. there are now a lot more reasons to return to the extraordinary place that you both have created as a joint labor of love, creativity and excellence and it is not only reflected in the surroundings, but also the warmth radiated by returning guests. we are planning on returning by the fall.”
mendocino coast destination weddings & elopements
the stanford inn is a wedding venue immersed in a wooded boutique resort that features lush and colorful gardens, a beautifully appointed inn, and a world-class restaurant. this gorgeous setting offers a fairytale atmosphere surrounded by those they hold dear. blending idyllic scenery with luxurious facilities, couples can have their dream mendocino coast wedding and reception in our romantic setting.
“hotels can range from oblivious to the needs of vegans to exclusively vegan. the latter describes the stanford inn & resort in mendocino, california, which bills itself the only plant-based resort in the united states. the furniture has no animal-based materials, so there are no leather sofas. its on-site restaurant, the ravens, serves organic-plant-based fare such as sea palm-and-root vegetable strudel and wild mushroom-and-creamy polenta. ‘we use as much produce as practically possible from our own farm which, beyond being organic, does not use pesticides, regardless of their organic pedigree,’ says jeff stanford, the inn’s owner.” 
~ christopher elliott, the washington post




 
 





let’s connect the stanford inn, resort & farm
44850 comptche ukiah road
p.o. box 487
mendocino, ca 95460
707-937-5615
800-331-8884
concierge@stanfordinn.com
https://stanfordinn.com

 

we belong 



 

quick links get the faqs
privacy policy
accessibility statement
cell service
mailing list
site map

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing | dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





mendocino, california mendocino sits atop beautiful ocean bluffs surrounded on three sides by mendocino bay and the pacific ocean. the bluffs comprise the mendocino headlands and offer walking trails that afford incredible views of the ocean and the lovingly restored 1850’s new england style victorians which now house restaurants, specialty shops, galleries and provide lodging for mendocino artists. 
the mendocino art center serves area artists as well as artists throughout the united states. all this is the nature of mendocino, located about 150 miles north of san francisco on highway 1. 
besides the natural beauty, visitors to mendocino will find a variety of things to see and do.

 

 hikers and mountain bikers enjoy bluff-top excursions to view seabirds, the seasonal gray whale migration and spring wildflowers. nearby big river beach is ideal for family picnics and big river is an ecological treasure which is easily explored by canoe or kayak which can be rented at catch a canoe & bicycles, too! montgomery woods up comptche ukiah road offers virgin redwood groves with the tallest living tree in the world.redwoods and douglas firs dominate the russian gulch state park as well as other nearby state parks including van damme and hendy woods. many of these parks allow dogs on their trails. and at mackerricher state park lari shea offer horseback riding along the beach.
mendocino is an ideal destination for lgbtqia+ travelers and the stanford inn & resort provides welcoming lodging, massage and plant-based dining. mendocino is truly a special destination – it is the “wine country coast” with anderson valley wineries within only twenty minutes drive and sonoma’s fine wineries just an hour south.

 






 
 
page load link


































































































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 


go to top






