







zanfel poison ivy, oak & sumac wash – get zanfel. it works!












































































zanfel poison ivy, oak & sumac wash

menu


home
product info

zanfel product information
find zanfel at these fine retail stores


education

poison ivy, oak and sumac facts & myths
educational resources
zanfel zone newsletters


contact us
 




skip to content









 


 

zanfel garden wheelbarrow videothe greatoutdoors.it's springit's summerit's falltime.it's poison ivy time.get zanfelit works!


headingzanfel retailersfind zanfel at these fine retailers and independent pharmacies.
zanfel newsletterzanfel zoneare you signed up for our quarterly newsletter? the zanfel zone is chock full of tips on poison ivy identification, seasonal issues, new information in plant removal and so much more. 
 



 



 





















  







why zanfel poison ivy wash?
 



 safe and effective soap for poison ivy, poison oak & poison sumacfast acting to help relive the itch and pain usually within 30 secondssafe to use during pregnancy & by nursing women 



get zanfel. it works! 






buy online










local retailers





















product informationlearn more about zanfel poison ivy wash including our most frequently asked questions. 






learn more









facts & mythsanswers to many of your questions about poison ivy, oak & sumac. where does it grow? are dead plants still toxic? why did i break out in a rash? 






learn more









educationalresourcesyou’ll find our famous zanfel zone newsletter here. 






learn more

















 







what zanfel customers have to say 



 






						you can go to urgent care and get put on steroids, that have nasty side effects, or you can use zanfel.  it does an amazing job!					


kaaren t., syracuse, ny 






						a friend from ia suggested i get zanfel.  we bought some and used it on the second night.  wow!!!  it was a life saver.  instant relief of the itch and i was able to sleep just a little more.  which obviously helped with the healing. thank you thank you!! zanfel has been one of the most amazing products i have every used. 					


addie s., erie, colorado 






						my poison oak is almost gone and there was no itch whatsoever after using your product.thank you for creating something that relieves this horrible discomfort. your product is like no other! thanks again!					


carina w.,  san francisco, ca 






						my daughters face blew up like a ballon last friday after contact with poison sumac...she was so swollen she was unrecognizable... i found your product and decided to try it after nothing else working. the relief was so fast,i couldn't believe it!  ive been telling everyone how amazing this stuff is! thank you!					


raquel e., taftville, ct 






						i am so incredibly happy to say this product is amazing. i do not know why doctors don't encourage people to buy it. it works better than any product i have ever bought. other products didn't do anything for my poison ivy rash.

some how we need to get the word out there about zanfel. it's a miracle treatment. especially during summer when so many are out in their yards.

thank you thank you thank you for such an amazing product!					


heidi m. 






						hello just wanted to thank you for your awesome products. zanfel  is amazing. i'm a father of two sons that are big fans of zanfel. we love the outdoors and live for hunting. we totally recommend you to are family and friends. 					


arthur s 






						i want to give a tremendous thank you to zanfel. zanfel is the miracle treatment. it is simply amazing. this year, i can personally attest to how amazing it is.  i’ve been immune to poison ivy but i got into  something at one of the rock the blocks. of course, i waited a week or so thinking it would get better. well...it got much worse. two treatments with zanfel and all was good.thank you so much for this amazing product.  					


laura m. 






						hello, i have to email you and let you know how your product saved me!   i am an avid gardener, almost every spring a come in contact with poison ivy!
zanfel is a life changer for me, i always have it stocked in my house and told everyone i know that it’s the only  option they should consider!  					


grace c. 






						  great product and amazing results. 					


byron m. 





 previous


 next



























see how zanfel is the best treatment
 



zanfel poison ivy  wash is a safe and effective treatment for the itch & rash caused by poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac. safe for kids & pets. get zanfel. it works! 







 
 













 








boy scouts council
 



the boy scouts saved on worker’s comp insurance premiums. you can too. use zanfel poison ivy wash at the first sign of poison ivy rash. get zanfel. it works! 























find zanfel at local pharmacies and these fine retailers
 











 

 

 

 























about zanfel
since 1996, zanfel poison ivy, oak & sumac wash has safely and effectively helped 
poison ivy rash sufferers. get relief in 30 seconds from this gentle soap that removes urushiol oil from the skin. 
get zanfel. it works!
 



navigation menu
zanfel product info
where to buy zanfel
faqs & myths
zanfel zone newsletters
privacy policy
 



get in touch
1-800-401-4002
 customerservice@zanfel.com
www.zanfel.com


 



join our community





 

 















               did you know that zanfel poison ivy wash relieves the itch from poison ivy, oak & sumac? get zanfel. it works!            stock up on zanfel today.                  































