








advent devotions :: lutheran hour ministries












































 call us : +1 800 876-9880 (m-f 8am-5pm cst)
				



















洧뎶













































home


about

history
leadership
board of directors
request a speaker



resources

for individuals
for community
for church leaders
all resources



media


the lutheran hour
daily devotions
broadcast guide
holiday programs
gospel adventures show
all podcasts



hispanic ministry

para el camino
sentido latino
vivenciar
cptln mobile app



global

where we work
partnerships




@ourlhm


contact us

 800 876-9880
 send us email
 subscribe
 mobile apps
 like us
 share your story
 local contacts
 volunteer
 visit us



donate

donate


give now
how you can help
planned giving
lhm foundation
constituent services staff





donate












advent devotions


home


advent devotions













advent devotions from lutheran hour ministries
to spanish website
come, let us adore him
it is true that god deserves our worship and praise for all that he has done for us. and in the birth of jesus into our world, born to save us from our sins, born to give us eternal life칙춦god has given us his very best. to which we can only respond: 칙춮come, let us adore him!칙춯    

the events surrounding jesus칙춫 birth칙춦the prophecies foretold and fulfilled, the birth of john to point to jesus, the divine way god guided mary and joseph, the preservation of jesus칙춫 life from king herod칙춦all speak to god칙춫s intimate involvement in our salvation. this is the god we adore칙춦the god who spared not his own son but gave him up for us all. 
daily devotions from lhm will help strengthen and encourage your faith as you do the same for others. have them delivered right to your inbox, podcast the audio devotional, access them on your mobile device through the free app, or listen with spotify, iheart radio, alexa, or google home.  seasonal devotions for  advent and  lent are available here in both english and spanish, as well as in french, and chinese, from our ministry center in canada.  perfect for personal reflection or to share with family, friends and congregations, these seasonal meditations will help prepare you to celebrate the true meaning of these seasons.


 read devotions
 print devotions (english)
 print devotions (spanish)
 print devotions (french)
 print devotions (chinese)
 subscribe





what is advent?
the church divides the year into different seasons that emphasize the life of christ and the life of the church. beginning on sunday, december 1, 2024, we will enter the season of the church year called advent. advent is the season of preparation and anticipation leading up to christmas, and continuing to epiphany january 6, 2025.
						
read more / hide text >>

				   the focus of advent is two-fold. on the one hand, we prepare to celebrate the birth of jesus christ, the son of god, who came into the world as both god and man so that our sins might be forgiven. on the other hand, we anticipate the day when jesus will return to earth and bring an end to this world. those will be scary days, but we can look forward to the end of the world with hope because through faith in jesus, the end of this world will mean the beginning of a new life with christ for eternity.

advent, then, is a time for us to repent and believe. knowing that jesus was born to forgive our sins, we repent (admit our failures to god) and believe that we are forgiven because of the death and resurrection of jesus on our behalf. also, knowing that jesus is coming back, we repent and believe that when he returns, he will give us eternal life.

				   


promote advent devotions먝먝맖ther christmas resources from lhm








subscribe
to daily devotions
receive daily devotions from lutheran hour ministries in your inbox daily. for other ways to stay connected with lhm, view our newsroom.
subscribe




share it on


archived devotions & more




daily devotions :: home
archived devotions

devotion app
advent devotions
lenten devotions
household devotions booklet
podcast
en espa칚췀ol













   change their world. change yours. this changes everything.    get involved  or  donate     
your browser is out-of-date!
you may need to update your browser to view lhm.org correctly.your current browser is no longer considered secure, and it is recommended that you upgrade. if you are running windows xp or vista, you may consider downloading firefox or opera for continued support. for questions, email us at lh_min@lhm.orgupdate my browser now 
칑






about lhm



our faith


organization info


leadership







ambassadors



resources


sign up


lhm sunday







policies



privacy


disclaimer


accountability


disclosure statement







news & subscriptions



e-mail subscriptions


the lutheran layman


@ourlhm







connect



contact us


careers


volunteer


local contacts


promote lhm












							칙춸  lutheran hour ministries, all rights reserved. | 660 mason ridge center, st. louis, mo 63141
						















洧뎶































 




