









your favorite health blog - simplyhealingclinic


















































healthy eating
innovation
news
therapy
workout
 


sélectionner une page


  
 



 



 











simply healing clinic
your favorite health blog
 
 
 

 






food & nutrition coaching
we will give you tips for better nutrition.

 
 



guaranteed results
you are sure to get results on your health in a very short period of time.

 
 



custom plans
we provide you with a personalized program based on your health and your goals.

 
 
 

losing weight is something that many women and men are looking for today.
after seeing perfect bodies in magazines, it is true that complexes come quickly. so we want to be thinner and thinner. but how can we do this without hurting ourselves? because losing weight can be easy, but losing weight quickly is not necessarily advisable? we will therefore see together how to succeed in losing weight in a healthy way, without it taking too much time either!
 
 
 
 



take care of your diet
your diet is the essence you give to your body.
vitamins, minerals and trace elements are the basis for the proper functioning of your body. it is therefore essential to eat a balanced diet in sufficient quantities.
 
contact me

 
 
 





we can help you
regardless of your age and health status, you are all likely to want information and advice on general health. the articles in this blog will help answer your questions.
 
 
 




food coaching
nutrition is one of the most important things to take care of your health!
 
 



workout
regular physical activity will keep you healthy.
 
 
 
 



 
 

 





 

how to improve one’s well-being?
thanks to our health guide, discover our best advice for a psychological well-being and a physical fitness to the maximum. let’s set off together to discover everything we can do to improve our health on a daily basis.
 
 
 
 

 



my health blog
 




 
quelle est la difference entre un vegetarien et un vegan ?
par simplyhealingclinic | nov 21, 2021 | therapyen matière de nutrition et de régime alimentaire, il est souvent très facile de mélanger les thèmes. ceci entraîne une difficulté à faire la part entre les différents régimes. nous détaillons...

 

 
why the transcranial doppler tcd test is a good choice for brain diagnosis?
par simplyhealingclinic | nov 10, 2021 | innovation, newsthe brain might be one of the smallest part of the body, but its functions are very important and beneficial to the body. for this reason, a regular and constant blood flow is required for one to have a healthy functioning brain. because of this, one needs to have a...

 

 
benefits of healthy eating in modern-day routines
par simplyhealingclinic | fév 22, 2021 | healthy eatingsmart dieting isn't just about decreasing weight. it's likewise about driving a solid way of life with a sound brain and eating various types of food in adjusted sums. its advantages are not limited to looking after weight, yet in addition, incorporate improved...

 


 

 
 
  


 
 
 



contact
 
 



  

 
 
 




















