      batavia, il commercial real estate | bere, llc properties in illinois        skip to content

 homeabout usabout beibei teambei brandsin towne self storagemiscella real estatejoin beireal estate servicesbrokerage servicesconsultingcommercial real estatecommercial property managementresidential real estateavailable propertiesbei newscontactappfolio portalhomeabout usabout beibei teambei brandsin towne self storagemiscella real estatejoin beireal estate servicesbrokerage servicesconsultingcommercial real estatecommercial property managementresidential real estateavailable propertiesbei newscontactappfolio portalcall today (630) 879-3680real estate solutions made simple


brokerage services




residential services




property management




self storage




available properties

featured propertybatavia shopping plazathis isn’t just another listing- it’s the batavia plaza! a busy retail center in the heart of downtown batavia where both foot traffic and vehicle traffic are buzzing, and opportunity is ripe for new business ventures. surrounded by both local small businesses and national corporations, the plaza and its award-winning design is the most successful retail center in downtown batavia.




click here to view properties


core values

our core values are the guiding principles that shape the culture, vision and mission of bei. we believe what we do is important but how we do it makes the difference.

photo credit : katie o’brien photographyrespect forour customerscommitment to excellencegrowthfocusedpersonalaccountabilityourteamworkwe build community2024 community impact report
bei is committed to creating positive change in the communities we serve. we partner with local organizations and leaders to foster community building and social impact.funding and donation summary$20,000+
educational donations
grants/scholarships$200,000+
non-profict event
fundraising effortsserving the community600+
hours donated by bei employees to non-profit fundraisers and events.40,000+
square feet dedicated to non-profit and municipal organization.20+
events sponsored by bei to local non-profit organizations.community partners

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


looking for the best broker on your side?



 
contact now


great service, a diverse array of buildings, and a long history of serving businesses in the fox valley and beyond are all things that we are proud of at bei commercial real estate.official info



 
call : 630-879-3680


 
address : 140 first street, suite b  batavia, il 60510news

read about bei commercial real estate news


click here to read news




facebook-f
 



twitter
 



vimeo
 



youtube
 



instagram
 


 home

 about

 call us

 property
flyout menu
homeabout usabout beibei teambei brandsin towne self storagemiscella real estatejoin beireal estate servicesbrokerage servicesconsultingcommercial real estatecommercial property managementresidential real estateavailable propertiesbei newscontactappfolio portal
menucopyright ©2025 | all rights reserved | website terms & conditions | privacy policy 


bei properties. locally owned. locally cared for.                              


