



superintendent's profile













not logged in   |   create an expo exhibitor account   |   log in





   menu
   menu




home
subscribe
nys expo
expo exhibitor info
expo attendee info
digital profiles
media kit
about
contact





home
subscribe


nys expo
expo exhibitor info
expo attendee info

digital profiles
media kit
about
contact






  
				
search








highway superintendent rick granger and the town of coventry




when the town of coventry in chenango county was devastated by flooding in 2006, rick granger was one of many volunteers that helped the overwhelmed highway department restore the roads of his town. little did he know then he'd one day be serving as the town's highway superintendent. having experience in the trucking industry since the age of 13, starting as a floor sweeper for a local lime spreading outfit (working after school), to driver, then moving up to owner operator to regional trainer for a large dry bulk tanker company as a driver trainer for 13 terminals on the east coast, rick's ease in operating and repairing all types of trucks and trailers came in handy. click for more...



highway superintendent walter cook and the town of deruyter


"i've only had three jobs in my life," said deruyter highway superintendent walter cook. 

he's been at this one since 2001, elected to office after his predecessor retired. "the previous superintendent went on vacation and decided to quit. click for more...



commissioner of public works louis j. ingrassia jr. and the town of wallkill


the highway department of wallkill, n.y., is overseen by the town's commissioner of public works/co-director of the office of emergency management, louis j. ingrassia jr. 

he was appointed by the town board to the position in 2013, the same year that the department of public works and the highway department were combined under a "true" dpw commissioner format. click for more...



highway superintendent tyler case and the town of clermont


when town of clermont superintendent of highways tyler case was encouraged by his predecessor to try for the position he was elected to in 2022, he didn't hesitate. 

having grown up in clermont and lived there 21 years, including 10 years of experience as part-time labor with the town of clermont, he knew the area and community well. click for more...



highway superintendent fred schweiger and the town of barton


when first approached to run for the highway superintendent position in the town of barton, fred schweiger recalls it wasn't an easy decision. 

knowing the superintendent at that time that he was running against was a challenge. click for more...






editor's notebook january/february 2025
we at superintendent's profile hope all of you had a happy, healthy and safe holiday season. 

as we begin 2025, i thought maybe i could do some research and find the consensus of what the top five predictions are for the new year. click for more...

recent articles

n.y.s. association of town superintendents of highways holds annual conference
charles d. stahl holds annual municipal open house
more than 1,400 attend nys highway & public works expo
mohawk lifts' new scissor lifting table
2024 n.y.s. highway & public works expo exhibitors
looking back at 2023's n.y.s. highway & public works expo
j & j equipment holds tymco sweeper training in brewerton
n.y.'s mte equipment solutions serves wide range of industries
n.y.s. highway & public works expo sets attendance record
alta equipment holds open house in syracuse, n.y.













n.y.s. superintendent's profile
361 shoemaker road
mohawk, ny 13407-4105
p: 518-221-5159
publisher - khogeboom@cegltd.com
advertising / sales - aguilfoyle@cegltd.com









superintendent's profile is a construction equipment guide publication





