  home - sapulpa chamber of commerce       
 skip to content   menu aboutabout usour rich historycontact usinformation requestweatherarea mapphoto galleryresourceseconomic developmentbusiness resourcesour local governmenthelpful numberseventseventsevents calendarmembersmember directorymember applicationmember2membersubscription signupmarketspacemember loginsee sapulparoute 66tourism calendarwhere to shopwhere to eatwhere to staywhere to playmove herearea mapwhat’s newnews releasesjob postingshot dealsdirectory   menu aboutabout usour rich historycontact usinformation requestweatherarea mapphoto galleryresourceseconomic developmentbusiness resourcesour local governmenthelpful numberseventseventsevents calendarmembersmember directorymember applicationmember2membersubscription signupmarketspacemember loginsee sapulparoute 66tourism calendarwhere to shopwhere to eatwhere to staywhere to playmove herearea mapwhat’s newnews releasesjob postingshot dealsdirectory welcome to the sapulpa chamber of commerce    address card  directory    map  map    newspaper  news    calendar  eventsthe sapulpa chamber of commerce is the leading business organization in sapulpa. the chamber encourages the growth of existing industries and businesses while giving all proper assistance to any new firms or individuals seeking to locate in creek county. the scope of chamber activities is unlimited. from economic development to providing up to date information to the community, the chamber is constantly working for the people of sapulpa.sapulpa plays host to visitors experiencing the nostalgia and myth of route 66, affectionately known as the mother road. sapulpa’s historic downtown district is in the heart of historic route 66 and was placed on the national registry of historic places in 2003. plan your stay   shopping    dining    lodging    entertainment    recreation    real estate   view directory  welcome new members!  see all members  mark your calendar upcoming events  see all events  © 2025 sapulpa chamber of commerce  |  site by growthzone get in touch!      (918) 224-0170       101 e. dewey, sapulpa, ok  74066       info@sapulpachamber.com  additional resourcesfaqprivacy policyterms and conditions stay connected!    facebook      weather   © 2025 sapulpa chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top 


