






























welcome to spring valley hospital | las vegas, nevada





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


702-853-3000702-853-3000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: cardiovascular services 
wound care and hyperbaric medicine 
emergency services 
level iii neonatal intensive care unit (nicu) 
maternity services 
neurosurgery 
orthopedics 
palliative care 
rehabilitation 
stroke services 
surgery 
women's services 


patients & visitors patient services: online registration - regie  
health records online  
obtaining your medical records 
home health care  
price guide 
daisy award for extraordinary nurses 
no surprises act 
patient menu 
commitment to health equity 

patient information: phone directory 
your hospital stay 

billing and insurance: insurance  
health insurance marketplace 
online bill pay 
avoiding surprises in your medical bills 

visitors: directions and map 
medical office buildings 
visitor information 
send note to patient 
send a note of gratitude to our staff 


events events: event calendar 

programs: senior advantage 55+ 
volunteering 


about about us ceo welcome 
contact us 
ask the ceo 
hospital leadership 
awards and accreditations 
news 

resources blog 
health education podcasts 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 



































excellence in treating copd, hip replacement, heart attack, heart failure and kidney failure 
find out more! 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    









  
   
heroes work at the valley health system
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch the video


    
   
now open
the er at blue diamond is now open to patients.
learn more


 


previous next 








































spring valley hospital celebrates 20 years of caring for the community and las vegas visitors

spring valley hospital celebrates 20 years of caring for the community and las vegas visitors
the hospital continues to focus on process improvement, technology investments and specialized treatments.
read 

spring valley hospital achieves national certification as gluten-free food service facility

spring valley hospital achieves national certification as gluten-free food service facility
this designation recognizes spring valley hospital's commitment to providing quality food for patients.
read 

spring valley hospital to host car seat safety checks

spring valley hospital to host car seat safety checks
spring valley and summerlin hospitals are hosting recurring on-site car seat safety checks.
read 


 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















spring valley hospital medical center5400 south rainbow boulevard, las vegas, nv 89118702-853-3000702-853-3000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	spring valley hospital medical center® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither spring valley hospital medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





privacy policy
terms of use
site map
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance 
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 spring valley hospital. all rights reserved.














