















department of philosophy | villanova university
























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu



















college of liberal arts and sciences
























college of liberal arts and sciences / academic programs / department of philosophy













department of philosophy









philosophy is the foundation of every field of study and trains its critical perspective on every aspect of human experience.
the philosophy department offers interesting and diverse courses that help students better understand the world and their place in it. philosophy courses teach students to analyze difficult texts, to write clearly and precisely, to defend their views with cogent arguments, and to take pleasure in the struggle with complex ideas and questions. course offerings span the range of philosophical schools and approaches. students gain a strong foundation in the history of western philosophy while having the freedom and flexibility to explore a wide array of philosophical perspectives.









					  about us 








guiding principles


careers and philosophy alumni


faculty and staff


research and scholarship


signature events


awards













					  undergraduate programs 








undergraduate philosophy program


major in philosophy


minor in philosophy













					  doctoral program 








doctoral program in philosophy













					  contact us 





department of philosophy
villanova university, sac 108
800 lancaster avenue
villanova, pa 19085

julie klein, phd, chairperson
alexandra penkalskyj 610-519-4690 senior administrative assistant
surti singh, phd, graduate program director
terry dimartino 610-519-8997 graduate program coordinator


phone: 6105194690
email: alexandra.penkalskyj@villanova.edu







follow the philosophy department











                    calendar of events
            





                    resources for undergraduate students
            





                    resources for faculty and staff
            

















news & events










welcome new faculty


							  the villanova university philosophy department welcomes prof. ashley lamarre as assistant professor of philosophy, starting this fall 2024.  prof. lamarre is a phd candidate at penn state university, focusing on philosophy and african american and diaspora studies.  she also holds a b.a. degree from lake forest college, where her work also centered on philosophy and african american studies.  prof. lamarre's research interests include africana philosophy, feminist philosophy, philosophy of race,and  social and political philosophy.  
							  
							      more...

 












 



philosophy phd program alumni news, job placements, dissertation defenses


							  the department of philosophy is proud to announce a number of job placements and dissertation defenses for recent graduates of the doctoral program. says doctoral program director julie klein, phd, "as always, we are very proud of our students' scholarly accomplishments and strength as teachers of philosophy. while the academic labor market remains very challenging, we're delighted to see our students secure positions inside and outside of the academy."
							  
							      more...

 












 


























                    support the department
            













education with impact


 
an education in the liberal arts and sciences promotes intellectual curiosity and rigor; instills the fundamentals of critical insight, mature judgment and independent thinking; and strengthens students’ sense of their moral responsibility for others and for the betterment of society.





























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













