


lavalette landscaping
























lavalette landscaping
 search  complete, professional landscaping.   (304)523-8491      complete, professional landscaping.   (304)523-8491   complete, professional landscaping.   (304)523-8491   (304)523-8491  

go to content
main menu:



×





main





contact



 
blog




info



 
products



 
services



 
history





plants





autumn plants





winter plants





shade plants





native plants





faqs & tips




tips





autumn tips





winter tips





spring tips





pruning tips





maintenance





shrub maintenance





perennial maintenance





lawn maintenance






q&a















 


lavalette landscaping










  


welcome to lavalette landscaping, formerly lavalette nursery. since 1947 we have provided the tri-state area with complete, professional landscaping that reflects our client's wishes. we design and install projects that are exciting and beautiful while never losing sight of the practical. our jobs range from planting that one special tree, to complete home landscapes from the preliminary design ideas to the final details.we can keep your landscape looking good with regular maintenance and provide answers to any questions you might have later on. for people who want to do their own landscaping, we have the plants, materials and design ideas to ensure your success.call or email today and let's get started.









 


no job is too large or too small. from planting that one special tree to a complete landscape overhaul, we can get the job done.










 


contactphone: (304)523-8491email: mark@lavalette.netemail: michael@lavalette.net



 


a local businesshomeproductsserviceshistory



 


for the communitytipsplantsmaintenanceq&a








main | contact | blog | info | plants | faqs & tips | general site map




 west virginia # wv001505   we are fully insured and licensed.   west virginia nursery and landscape association.   lavalette landscaping inc. is a member of the   we are fully insured and licensed. west virginia # wv001505   nursery and landscape association.   lavalette landscaping inc. is a member of the west virginia   we are fully insured and licensed. west virginia # wv001505   lavalette landscaping inc. is a member of the west virginia nursery and landscape association.   we are fully insured and licensed. west virginia # wv001505   lavalette landscaping inc. is a member of the west virginia nursery and landscape association.     


back to content | back to main menu
to use this website you must enable javascript.


