











home - moody county enterprise


































      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                newsletters              



                subscribe              












advanced search















 




			64 °
		

			cloudy		

				forecast
			






 








toggle navigation




main menu






home




                    news 



                          local news                        


                          state & regional news                        


                          national & world news                        




                    sports                  


                    court / police                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  



                    marketplace 



                          this week's classified ads                        


                          this week's print ads                        





                    send us your news 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          submit news                        




                    contact us                  



                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living & the environment                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        

















top stories





moody county enterprise 1-8-2025

















"can't wait to do it again"













						it’s not unusual to treat yourself during the holidays, but bruce allen’s recent gift to himself will change him forever. allen, as many know,  …					



trade agreement between tulalip and fsst focuses on food, health













						the tulalip nation of washington and the flandreau santee sioux tribe are finalizing a nation-to-nation trade agreement to provide healthier, traditional food options to their members. under the  …					



egan preserves beloved bridge, halts replacement project


						the old egan bridge has withstood the test of time, and for now, its future remains intact. following months of debate over whether to proceed with phase 1 of a replacement project for the historic  …					


previous


next









			more news			




more local news






						charlie ryan on war, coming home and keeping the peace					


					by carleen wild moody county enterprise 

 if you’re just meeting charlie ryan, you’ll likely encounter an older gentleman who appears fairly quiet, reserved, and calm as he buzzes  …				








						weighing options for old fire station amid ambulance concerns					


					for years, the plan has been for the city of flandreau to recoup some of the costs for its new fire station by selling the old one. now that the new fire hall is complete, discussions have emerged  …				





						reduced property tax rate on some homes to end					


					moody county homeowners benefiting from a reduced property tax rate due to their property’s agricultural status will soon lose that advantage on their homes. county commissioners voted last  …				





			read more local news			








e-edition




 




moody county enterprise 02-19-25


view this issue



													browse other issues
											





















obituaries








joan a. sheridan, age 93

							joan ann sheridan began her journey to our lord on february 13, 2025, at riverview healthcare center in flandreau, sd with her husband, the love her life, by her bedside. mass of christian burial was  …						









deloris a. quissell, age 96

							deloris a. quissell, age 96, of pipestone, minnesota, passed away on saturday, february 8, 2025 at the pipestone county hospice house. visitation will be thursday, february 13, from 5:00 – 7:00  …						









jim doyle, 73

							james “jim” doyle, 73, of flandreau, passed away on sunday, february 9, 2025. a memorial mass will be held at 10:30 am, thursday, february 13, 2025 at ss. simon and jude catholic church  …						









r. lee severtson, 65

							ronald “lee” severtson, age 65, of dell rapids and formerly of flandreau, passed away on tuesday, january 21, 2025. memorial services will be 1:00 p.m. on saturday, january 25, 2025, at  …						









velma k. auren, 80

							velma auren, 80, of flandreau, sd, passed away on thursday, january 16, 2025 at her home with her family by her side. funeral services will be held at 10:30am, wednesday, january 22, 2025 at second  …						




 




















						sports					














host desmet on flier court





doubleheaders held as seasons wind down







grapplers fall in garretson triangular








headrick wins championship; team sixth at bec/lcc






boys split on the home court






			more sports			


 








this week's print ads






			see all the ads in marketplace			


















 





















superior rating earned at state one-act festival

flandreau’s one-act cast and crew recently earned a superior rating at the south dakota high school activities association state one-act festival for their performance of the headless horseman,  …









selected to sdsu honor band festival


				colman-egan senior jakob thompson was selected to the 2025 sdsu honor band festival to be held saturday. according to his director, ronda olson, “over 300 students auditioned for these groups,  …			











flandreau city water main break


				city crews braved frigid temperatures this past week to assess and repair a water main break at the intersection of bates street and third avenue in flandreau. while the city has made significant  …			











museum expansion could double moody county’s historical space


				families searching for information about their history, local school kids eager to learn more about their community and region, and visitors curious about moody county may soon have even more  …			






c-e schools preparing for continued growth and development


				with open enrollment underway for the 2025-26 school year, colman-egan superintendent scott hemmer said he’s been receiving quite a few inquiries about the possibility of student transfers into  …			













						web extra content					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						









start the day by sharing a heartwarming breakfast

							(family features) 
    whether your brunch favorites include bananas foster french toast or peanut butter and apple, enjoying a meal together is a heartwarming way to start the day.						






			read more			


 












                  po box 71 / 107 w. 2nd ave. flandreau sd
                          phone: 605-997-3725





links of interest


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social










          © copyright 2025 moody county enterprise        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


