american fencers supply cou s f acorporate sponsorc o n t e n t s fencingour fencing department covers all equipment for competitive and recreational fencers. it is here you will find all of our fencing related weapons and equipment, as well as books, videos, clothing and other items. armouryout armoury department is the continent’s largest supplier of theatrical and period weapons. it is here you will find all of our excellent replica weapons: daggers, broadswords, shortswords and the like. sale itemsthese items are all new, tho some have been washed due to dust or dirt or rust getting on them while they were in storage. most spots came out bit if there is a stain we couldn’t remove we will tell you when you order. the rest are discontinued items, or from old patterns we are no longer using. newsall the latest info from us, as well as recent changes to our website. contact usour business hours and all the info needed to contact us, as well as our on-line info request form. check-outimportant information regarding on-line ordering. about usinformation about american fencers supply co., it’s history and owner.quality products and service since 1965news: the recent clayton wildfire in lake county, california destroyed 180 homes in the town of lower lake.  among those destroyed was the home of matthew and karen porter, owners and operators of american fencers supply.  the workshop/warehouse of american fencers supply was also among the 100+ non-residential structures destroyed.  until we can re-group, we will be unable to fill your orders.  we apologize for the inconvenience.  please check back for updates.those wishing to help matthew and karen get through this crisis and rebuild may do so at https://www.gofundme.com/2kg64t5psecure on-lineordering now availableclick here for shipping infoq & athank you for visitingnews: matthew porter, owner and operator of american fencers supply will be leaving this sat., 7/23 for rio in advance of the summer olympics there.  as armorer for the u.s. fencing team for over 18 years he has worked with most of the teams in many championships and this will be his 3rd olympics.  his job is to keep all the equipment up to specs and in perfect working order.  he will not return til 8/17.  as a result some orders may be delayed til then.  we will contact you if it appears your order will be among those delayed.featured itemsorry, none at this timegift certificates!   don't forget, we have gift certificates available for any amount you want. they never expire!business hours:closed until further notice due to clayton fire. note: here are our planned holiday closures.electronic mail    general information and saleswe are here to see to all your fencing needs. we can do almost any kind of repair on the premises whether sewing, mechanical, or electrical. give us a call for estimates. 707-461-4226copyright © 1997 - 2016 american fencers supply co.  