







astro-tom.com





         
 

getting started telescopes technical data messier objects time tips and advice projects avac site informationastronomy, telescope, binocular, star, moon,
galaxy, astro tom, astrotom, astrotom.com, astro_tom, astro_tom.com





search
        astro-tom site


 
            
what's
        new... 



the "intro to amateur astronomy
        classes" now contain 6 videos on amateur astronomy subjects
        from planispheres to which telescope to buy.  enjoy!  check
        them out here.  these are links where i
        have found amateur astronomy related items and i'm not recommending site one over
        another.


astronomics

orion telescopes & binoculars

sky and telescope

the astronomy store

for more links, visit here.




setting
            circles explained




why are there time
            zones around the world?  information
            on astronomical terms, sun calculators, solar energy information,
            moon phases, etc.


why are there time
            zones around the world?  information
            on astronomical terms, sun calculators, solar energy information,
            moon phases, etc.




miscellaneous


rick miseroy's famous binomount has added
        new features.  check them
        out here.

what
        can i see through a telescope?  a great article by donald waid
        on his website.


 summer
        deep sky observing

ask
          an astronomer

 there are answers to many, many
          amateur astronomy questions here.  check it out!

binocular parallelogram mount





i
        found a great resource for telescope related equations! enjoy!
 
telescope
        equations
useful formulas for exploring the night sky

telescope
        equations - links:
http://www.rocketmime.com/astronomy/telescope/telescope_eqn.html
http://www.rocketmime.com/astronomy/telescope/maximummagnification.html
 
 



 
 q&a page:  ask 
        astro-tom
 please e-mail me with your
        questions.
 
        



would you consider yourself an
            "advanced beginner"?  if so, there are many
            other astro-tom.com users who share your level of interest in
            the night sky and wonder how to use their own eyes to see what
            they've seen in pictures.   here are several 
 helpful
        tips to vastly improve your evening under the stars.

 
             
        

thank you to 
        tommy
  hodges, for the astro-tom.com site
  logo!

 
        




 



  


this website has information on hundreds of subjects.  it is roughly divided into
  major
categories:


getting
    started

 what you should know - this is a great way to spend a cloudy
        evening.  if it's clear outside, turn off your computer, go outside, and
      just look up to get started!


telescopes 

 all
    about them, from how to buy your first one to how to use one effectively.



advanced amateur astronomy 


    formulas, specifications, filters, coordinate systems, manufacturer
    listings, star lists, orbital calculation, deep sky observing, imaging, etc. 
    a repository of advanced amateur information.



technical
    data 

 free software downloads, observing lists, etc. - also several biographies of famous astronomers.



astro links 
 amateur
    astronomy web links. these are updated regularly.


antelope valley
    astronomy club (avac) 

nfo on the club and a resource of all
      information handout sheets, club calendar,  presentations and the online, "introduction
      to the night sky" amateur astronomy course.


site
    information 

 the site map, change log of site changes, about
        astro-tom.com, awards the site has won.



  




notice:  this information has been assembled from new material,  non-copyrighted material and
non-copyrighted
public websites.  it is freely presented to increase your enjoyment of amateur
astronomy.  effort has been put into verifying the accuracy
of the information contained within these pages.  please notify me if you find
anything
incorrect.  i hope that you'll find this site a useful reference. clear
skies! - astro-tom.com 

















 
        thank you for making this
        your amateur astronomy homepage!
please bookmark this
        page (ctrl-d) and visit often as this site is frequently updated.  thank you for visiting! 
      you are also invited to link to this site from you home page.





 