







brixon | industrial safety latches | pressure release latches






















 













































about us 
why brixon?   latch identifier request for quote contact us   






my account


view cart

my account

view rfq

submit quote

checkout



651-688-2540



   
 




















safety latches by release force  
3.9 lbs. – 17 lbs. 10 lbs. – 45 lbs. 43 lbs. – 180 lbs. 58 lbs. – 285 lbs.   safety latches by material  
stainless steel cast iron cast aluminum cast steel sparkproof brass sparkproof aluminum   safety latches by application  
industrial processing medical food & beverage dust collectors agriculture woodworking military aviation energy storage industrial coating   latch maintenance program safety latch resources  
latch mounting & operation warnings & limitations maintenance & corrosion customer service & warranty     














the world standard in explosion venting latches since 1939
made in usa 






 
















 












innovative pressure release safety latches 

when internal pressure builds up to dangerous levels, you need equipment that provides venting quickly and reliably.
brixon® pressure release safety latches provide venting in the event of an internal explosion and maintain a positive seal to prevent loss of heat or escape of gases under normal operating conditions. our latches have a simple and easy-to-install design yet have been engineered to release pressure under demanding conditions. from medical devices to food and beverage manufacturing equipment, high-performance safety latches from brixon manufacturing provide safe, reliable venting latch solutions at the proper release force for various industrial applications.


 








how can brixon help you?





shop by material  




shop by application  




try our latch identifier 
 















factory mutual global approved pressure release latches 
brixon offers the widest range of industrial pressure release latches. we offer a complete line of explosion latches worldwide, including the smallest and largest latches, with release forces up to 285 lbs. per latch. our door safety latches are also reusable. rupture disks and explosion panels get destroyed in venting, but brixon safety latches typically do not need replacing after an explosion or implosion.

manufacturers from various industries rely on brixon latches for equipment such as batch ovens, dust collectors, pharmaceutical transport containers, and more. we offer premium safety latch calibration services to ensure your brixon latches are properly tested and optimized at all times. with the widest offering of pressure release force and material options, we have a solution for nearly any application or operating environment.

 















why choose brixon pressure release industrial latches?
our explosion venting latches are safe and easy to operate, allowing you to open and close industrial doors with ease. we offer the most extensive selection of pressure release latch materials and sizes, including iron, aluminum, stainless steel, and brass, and the broadest range of adjustability for any industrial application. at brixon, we also offer industry-leading latch maintenance programs to ensure your explosion venting latches are tested and calibrated regularly. 
benefits of brixon latches include:

easy to install and operate
reusable and cost-effective
great solution to retrofit old equipment
pressure release calculator ensures proper release force for your application
quickly adjust using a screwdriver or allen wrench
link multiple latches to release pressure of over 3,000 pounds per door
latch maintenance programs for regular testing, calibration, and additional services


 








safety latch models from brixon manufacturing









model 83 latch 








model 84 latch








model 93 latch 








model 94 latch 








model #2 latch 








model #4 latch 

 















the widest range of pressure release forces on the market
explosion venting latches from brixon come in pressure release ranges from as little as 3.9 lbs. all the way to 285 lbs. per latch. no other manufacturer offers venting latches with a broader range of pressure release capacities. accommodate release forces above 3,000 lbs. per door by linking multiple latches together with our new universal linking system.
shop by release force

 















aluminum, brass, stainless steel, & more safety release latch materials
each pressure release application has different requirements. that’s why we offer several latch materials to meet your needs. options include stainless steel, cast iron, cast aluminum, and cast steel in different finishes. we also provide spark-proof brass and spark-proof aluminum explosion venting latches for use around highly combustible situations. our stainless-steel safety latches were the first on the market to have a fully stainless-steel construction.
shop by material

 















safety release venting latches for any industrial application
industries ranging from food & beverage processing to the military use pressure-release latches on doors, storage containers, and various types of equipment. explosion venting latches are widely used on paint booths and ovens in industrial coating operations and any application involving combustible chemicals, vapors, and dust.
shop by application

 








request a quote for explosion venting latches

brixon offers a generous oem discount structure for pressure release latches. request a quote or contact us to discuss your application requirements.
all price listings on our website are for us customers only. for european pricing, please contact: cevac limited | tel: +44 (0)1403 786503 | fax: +44 (0)1403 785422 | email: info@cevac.co.uk 

 





















800.528.2437   651.688.2540
 651.688.6234
  info@brixon.com 
     
 







©2025 brixon manufacturing inc. privacy policy site map site credits: ecreativeworks 






 

 



