






 



seasafe - fiberglass grating products, structural systems & frp































































































skip to content



seasafe – fiberglass reinforced plastics (frp) – what is it? top menu 2amicoglobal.com
1-800-326-8842shop about us news contact us top menu
search:










seasafe


productsfrp – gratingfiberglass reinforced plasticgatorgrate™ – molded gratings gatordeck™ – pultruded anti-slip products  frp – cable traysfiberglass reinforced plasticladder tray and accessories channel tray  frp – strutsfiberglass reinforced plasticplastic grating sheets – struts and accessories  non-conductive fencinganc fencing   custom fabrication marketsaquarium and ocean conservation oil and gas market chemical market food and beverage market wastewater market recreational and waterparks market special projects  soft design technologyaquatic and ocean conservation contact buy grating direct 


 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 








 
productsfrp – gratingfiberglass reinforced plasticgatorgrate™ – molded gratings gatordeck™ – pultruded anti-slip products  frp – cable traysfiberglass reinforced plasticladder tray and accessories channel tray  frp – strutsfiberglass reinforced plasticplastic grating sheets – struts and accessories  non-conductive fencinganc fencing   custom fabrication marketsaquarium and ocean conservation oil and gas market chemical market food and beverage market wastewater market recreational and waterparks market special projects  soft design technologyaquatic and ocean conservation contact buy grating direct 









design, engineering, production
and custom manufacturing 
							if you can imagine it, our team can produce the highest quality turn-key products in the industry. 
							custom fabrication 
							
design, engineering,production and
custom manufacturing 
							buy direct 
							
 


buy direct
 
							our diverse teamincludes engineers,production personnel,project managersand fabricators 
							contact us
 
							

 














what we do at seasafe ~ fiberglass reinforced plastic
seasafe provides the best quality of fiber-reinforced plastic products. our fiberglass grating products are created using high-quality polymers and fibers that enhance the surface’s strength and durability. we offer a variety of fiberglass reinforced plastic products that are mostly used for different flooring systems.
 











gatorgrate™
seasafe offers an exceptional one-piece fiber reinforced plastic grating (frp grating) that comes with standard colors, panels, and sizes such as 4’x12′, 3’x10, 3’x10′, 4’x8″, 5’x10′ and 2′ -0 1. gator grate is manufactured through a process of fiberglass roving with thermosetting resin systems.
gatorgrate is a brand of molded fiberglass grating known for its exceptional one piece construction, and slip resistance surface. it is designed to provide a safe walking surface (gritted surface) in wet or oily conditions, making it ideal for use in industrial applications, oil and gas industry and commercial settings where slip and fall hazards are a concern.
the product is also available in different depths, meshes, and configurations. some of the available top surfaces are grit top with embedded silica sand, meniscus with half-moon cross-section, and applied grit with an epoxy bond to meniscus top panels.
this construction guarantees that the body is smooth and flat, making it easier for walking. what’s unique about gator grate is that it is slip-resistant and durable with a high strength to weight ratio.


read more







gatordeck™
seasafe’s gator deck works as a power trio of strength, corrosion resistance, and structural integrity. we manufacture this product through a continuous molding procedure called pultrusion. 
this process converts reinforced fibers and resin into fiber reinforced plastic. the final product is in the form of geometric shapes that are solidified as they’re pulled through a heated steel die. 
the product is not only slip-resistant but also self-draining with a two-part mechanical locking cross-rod. we can also create unique resin system according to the customers’ specifications. conclusion, seasafe’s gator deck, a marvel of modern engineering, stands tall as a testament to the perfect synergy achieved by combining strength, corrosion resistance, and structural integrity. 
this innovative solution redefines industry standards, offering a harmonious trio of qualities that ensures longevity even in the harshest marine environments. gatordeck™ is a premium brand of frp grating (fiberglass grating products) known for its exceptional durability, cost effective and performance.


read more







ladder tray
u.s. coast guard approved, seasafe’s ladder tray fiber reinforced plastic cable system can stay intact even in the harshest climatic conditions.
we can assure you that the material is rustproof and will never require painting as it has an ultraviolet exposure barrier. the ladder tray is one of the best fiberglass cable tray systems, created with precision and high-quality raw materials like vinyl ester, making it resistant to wind and saltwater.
the nema loadings of ladder tray are load-tested by nema fg-1 guidelines. the light-weight product is non-conductive, non-magnetic, and corrosion-resistant with the load capacity of steel. at seasafe, the ladder tray is available in both vinyl ester and polyester resin system. seasafe ladder tray also meets the requirements of astm d-635 and class 1 flame rating.
seasafe ladder trays come in gray (polyester resin) and beige (vinylester resin); however, we do provide customized colors at the customers’ request.ladder tray and fiberglass stair (fiberglass grating systems) are both types of cable management systems used in industrial and commercial applications.


read more







channel tray
a light duty pultruded tray system perfect for instrumentation & electrical applications. channel tray is commonly used in industrial settings, such as factories and power plants, where large quantities of electrical cables and wires need to be organized and protected. fiberglass grating, on the other hand, is a type of flooring system that is used to provide a slip-resistant surface in industrial and commercial settings. pultruded fiberglass grating and channel tray are both durable and corrosion resistance products made from fiberglass material, with the former used for industrial flooring and the latter for cable management in industrial and commercial settings. channel tray is available in various sizes, designs like bar shape and configurations to accommodate different cable types and layouts.


read more







anc fencing


seasafe offers its number one fiber reinforced plastic security product that will ensure your safety with a 20ft high beautiful fencing system. the security rating meets all the requirements of astm standards, making it the ideal choice for you. the anc fencing system is not only radar friendly, but it is also non-conductive. the fencing is 100% non-metallic and will protect you from any unexpected attacks. anc security fence cap sheets are available to deter climbing, and the panels are light enough for a two-man crew.
investing in seasafe’s anc fencing system is a smart choice for anyone who values safety and security. with its non-metallic design, high-quality construction, corrosion resistant, and innovative features, you can be confident that you are getting the best protection available. enhance your security with seasafe today.




read more







custom fabrication
if your conventional grating is getting rusted, it’s time to make the smart choice by using seasafe’s fiber reinforced plastic products, including pultruded fiberglass grating. seasafe’s products are available in isophthalic polyester or premium vinyl ester resin systems that come with uv inhibitors and are class 1 fire retardant per astm e84.
our pultruded fiberglass grating products are corrosion-resistant and come with dimensional stability. we take pride in our high-strength, light-weight, and low maintenance products that’ll keep you safe. discover seasafe today for a corrosion-free, safe, and durable solution to your grating needs.


read more


where are our products being used
fiberglass reinforced plastic (frp) products are ideal for ladders, fiberglass stair treads, platforms, handrails, guardrails, cable trays in harsh environments such as maritime environments or highly corrosive environments in industries like oil & gas, chemical, utilities, wastewater, food & beverage processing, recreational & water parks, aquariums, and special projects.











oil and gas










chemical










utilities










wastewater processing










food and beverage










recreational and waterparks










aquariums










special projects









 


call us today: 800-326-8842 
							let us quote your next large project 
							







download our full product catalog


view catalog here!


download seasafe product specifications


view product specs here!


if you have questions regarding the fiberglass grating, chanel tray, or ladder tray? feel free to contact us.













 seasafe is a manufacturer of molded and pultruded fiberglass reinforced plastic (frp) products. these include grating, stair treads, floor plates, covered grating, handrails, ladders, cable tray, fiberglass grating, struts and structural shapes.
capabilities include design and engineering assistance as well as custom manufacturing. today, we are an industry leader in both fabrication and manufacturing.

contact usphone:off: 800-326-8842
fax: 337-406-8880address:amico / seasafe inc. 
209 glaser dr. 
lafayette, la 70508web:www.seasafe.comfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windownewsfrp custom structural fabrication for aquariumsapril 20, 2021new anc safeguard™ 3100 and 4200 anti-climb and anti-breachjanuary 25, 2021covid 19 updatemarch 19, 2020 



 








					© 2025 seasafe, inc. all rights reserved. 
                








go to top































































