boston hotels: find boston hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactboston hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > boston homepageboston hotelshotel posts“offering a waterfront wedding venue”“a waterfront wedding venue at battery wharf hotel boston waterfront offers an array of be…”posted by: battery wharf hotel boston waterfront“at the heart of history in ultra-modern style”“luxury boston, massachusetts hotel offering stylish contemporary services and amenities. …”posted by: intercontinental boston“near top boston attractions”“the reasonably priced howard johnson hotel boston is located next to fenway park and offe…”posted by: howard johnson hotel bostonhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“prayers for the victims”jenny, hartford - “the news from boston is so horrific. we are praying for all…”said about: the fairmont copley plaza“misleading description”non-member, reader - “this place is definitely not luxurious despite its location…”said about: back bay suites boston“elegant staying”member, ananur, kansas city - “boston is famous for its beautiful restaurants and…”said about: the boston park plaza hotel & towersreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for boston, massachusetts!

boston, incorporated as a town in 1630 and home of the nation's first subway, supports 40 of the nation's finest colleges and universities including harvard and the massachusetts institute of technology in cambridge, and is rich in historic and cultural tradition, not to mention boston baked beans. considered the capital of new england, with a population of nearly 700,000, boston attractions range from the boston common and freedom trail to faneuil hall and a variety of historic ethnic neighborhoods. accommodations range from boutique properties and inns to world-class luxury hotels.  

the spirit of boston drives the surrounding region, introducing revolutionary technology such as the first subway, which is fed by over 40 of the nation's finest schools, providing the finest in the arts, sciences and contemporary living, juxtaposed against the original cobblestone streets and some of the oldest historic landmarks in the country. with several mountain ranges to the north and west, and the rugged coast of cape cod to the southeast, boston offers the perfect vantage from which to explore new england.

we have organized our listings of boston's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater boston area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.


browse hotels by location:
·downtown boston
hotels located in the downtown area, fashionable copley place, and the historic back bay. 

·boston
hotels with boston addresses located outside the central boston area, including the north end and south end neighborhoods. 

·boston south communities
hotels in communities to the south of boston, including those in brookline, dedham, quincy and braintree. 

·cambridge & somerville
hotels located on the north side of the charles river, near world-famous educational institutions such as mit and harvard. 

·boston north communities
hotels in communities to the north of boston, including those in malden, medford, saugus and others. 

·cape cod metro
hotels off the coast, to the southeast, on cape cod, martha's vineyard and nantucket island.

·boston airport
hotels located at or near the logan international airport (bos), including the community of east boston.  

·surrounding communities
hotels in communities surrounding the greater boston area, including chelmsford, framingham and others. 

·worcester metro
hotel options west of boston in the greater worcester area. 

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide boston home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: boston's temperature ranges from 80°f. to 90°f. in summer, to a chilly 20°f. to 40°f. during the winter months.
« top of pageevents at boston hotelsdigimarcon new england  - digital marketing, media and advertising conference & exhibition experience a safe and intimate gathering with marketing leaders and professionals in a clean and hyg… business - conference the westin copley place bostonmon 6/9/25 tue 6/10/25 jazz at hong kong cafe at the howard johnson fenway love jazz music? join hong kong café at howard johnson fenway every tuesday night for fenway jazz ja… nightlife - live music hong kong cafe (howard johnson hotel boston)every tue « top of pageadjacent links:cape cod hotelsmanchester, nh hotelsnew bedford hotelsprovidence hotelsworcester hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayarea info.burlington hotelshartford hotelsportland, me hotelsother versions:boston guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > boston homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the boston hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide boston are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...full map
boston hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesthe boston park plaza hotel & towersonyx hotel bostonabercrombie's farrington innbest western hotel triabest western merrimack valley lodgebest western terrace innboston harbor hotelboston hotel buckminsterchandler inn hotelthe colonnade hotel bostoncopley housecopley square hotelcrowne plaza natickholiday inn express braintreedoubletree guest suites bostonhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





