



eco-tec - apply and supplier of ozone systems air food water, equipment for residential, commercial pools, spas, food safety and sanitation and industrial markets












         

eco-logical 
        technology
ozone systems-domestic and industrial
eco-tec
44 klooflands road,                              cell  (+27) 83 625 0276
        p.o. box 613, kloof, 3640                     
        durban, kwazulu natal, south africa   tel/voip: 087 654 7348





		proudly south african
info@eco3.co.za 
 




home ozone facts ozonate pool & spas faq pools aquaculture and koi borehole ground or tank water laundry diswashing & ozone drinking water bottle filler rain water harvest catch supertank water tank whole house water filter red water diverter ozonator water purifiers ozone unit price popular ozonizer specials ozonation replaces chlorine comparing disinfectants hydroponics and greenhouse medical ozonizing ozone dairy ozone & cooling towers making ozonated oil veterinary ozonizing ozonating in hotels popular ozone generators detox with ozone ozonator and poultry duct and ducting ozone lake & dam remediation lifestraw water purifier ultraviolet tube lamp sterilizer reverse osmosis ro flood & fire damage ozone sewerage treatment pit latrine treatment wastewater treatment o3 hydro spa kleerzone health bubble spa infrared far saunas buying a spa rhino spa newsworthy ozone related useful links wastewater watch newsletter
useful links







ozone association south africa


the international
 ozone association


pureozone.com














top products,

			from the world, to you 









the durban club

aardvark
-search

altavista
-search



ananzi 
-search



centre for alternative technology



durban ethekwini water kzn 



ethical investment research 



go green directory & online shop



google 
-search



greenpeace uk - environmental news and issues



johannesburg water



living ethically 


msn 
-search



natural collection shopping site



rand water 



the environment council



umgeni water 



waste watch



water research commission sa



water test scam



women's environmental network
yahoo
-search
 




ozone generators 
  and systems, domestic and industrial 


ozone gas from an
  ozone generator for 
  water conditioning,
  ozonation pool and spa cleaners, 
  ozone generators,
  water purifiers, 
water 
  treatments, cooling towers, 
  odour control,
  aquariums, hospital sanitation, 
  wastewater process. 
ozone systems, 
  ozonator machine, applications air, 
  food, 

water purification,
detox, 
  medical health therapy. business, home 
  air & water, 
  industry




      eco-tec is a durban, south 
      african based group specialising in the development and manufacture of 
      small domestic to medium industrial ozonation systems and accessories. 
      discover why ozone is the leading technology of the 21st century for 
      improving the environment. drinking water treatment, rainwater harvesting, 
reverse osmosis and filtration, industrial and 
      municipal wastewater treatments, water reclamation, sewage treatment, 
      cooling tower water treatment, agricultural,  food processing, 
      and marine aquaria and freshwater fish farming aquaculture, odour control, 
air purification, and medical applications are among countless areas where ozone 
treatment has been shown to have exceptionally beneficial effects. 






 




    hi, i'm gary weingartz from durban, south africa and i have been in the 
    ozone business for over a decade now and the secret to our success is 
    innovation and dedicated service. 
we supply water purification systems for 
      drinking water through medical pharmaceutical to process water with 
      domestic to medium, industrial sized ozone generators, air dryers and 
      oxygen concentrators, reverse osmosis, filtration and bottling equipment 
      here in sa and our world class equipment is exported globally. our primary 
      products are ozone generators and peripheral water purification/treatment 
      equipment; we are considered a leader in quality and cost effectiveness. 
we are innovators, working closely with 
      leading universities. we get results and we solve problems. how can my 
      team and i help you ?
 
 




    eco-tec uses state of the art high frequency corona 
    discharge technology to produce very high concentrations of ozone gas. we 
    currently have the only local supply of (pressurised) saturated ozone 
    technology. quality products and easy maintenance and repair create 
    worldwide demand for our equipment-: 



      ozone generators from 250 milligram/hr gram (domestic) to 5 kg per hour plus.
      (medium industrial). generation of ozone is from air or oxygen.

air 
      dryers and air/water filters (desiccant/heat regenerative and various 
      others.)


      orp/redox controllers and sensors.


      oxygen generators - various.


      venturis and injectors, contacting systems, for mass transfer of ozone 
      into water and wastewater (potable, cooling towers, process water etc.)
      


      ozone treatment for preservation of fruits and for food processing. 



      medical therapy, health benefits and ozone safety.


      drinking water treatment for disinfection and for oxidation of pollutants, 
      commercial bottling and domestic potable.


      reverse osmosis and filtration

water 
      reservoir, rainwater, borehole ozonators (agriculture and potable water 
      systems- livestock/process/irrigation etc,)


      pre-engineered domestic sewage and property development project 
      systems/sub economic sewage treatment systems.


      whole house filtration.


      rural water treatment systems.


      refrigeration disinfection, deodorization for displays or storage, ozonators.


      swimming pool & spa ozonators.


      aquaculture and aquaria, koi, marine etc.


      ozone based air fresheners /indoor air quality of commercial, industrial 
      buildings and processes.


      rainwater harvesting.


      product customisation and special applications.

we 
    have a scope of supply to suit from turnkey process-engineered solutions, 
    through equipment only supply, down to hire of large ozone generators.
    this is balanced by all-important local presence and knowledge of markets, 
    achieved through a network of companies/agencies and associates - because it 
    is important we understand your environment and can organize first-call 
    after sales help.

 
 



eco-tec/ scarab 



the 
    eco-scarab sewerage treatment has been a finalist for tt100 awards for years 
    '04, '05 and '06. 

    this emblem represents the 'top 100 technologies in south africa'. 
     

 
 



click here for the latest 
    wastewater watch newsletter.
 
 



eco-tec is established 
    at the forefront of the drive to develop improved treatment processes in 
    which ozone plays a major role.

    this has led to a partnership with scarab treatment systems. 
    scarab has been extensively involved in the production and design of 
    pre-engineered sewage treatment systems over the past eight years. 

    technological advances and state of the art computer technology supported by 
    international research and now, the engineering of ozonation into the 
    pathogen treatment phase, allows eco-tec and scarab to offer the most 
    innovative and unrivalled performance in the field of pre-engineered sewage 
    treatment plants. this is done without the use of chemicals and is therefore 
    environmentally friendly and the high quality of the final effluent/waste 
    water (used for irrigation etc) is borne out by the test results done by 
    dwaf and other parties and these are freely available for perusal.
    when this is combined with its low cost, low maintenance, the savings on water use (up to 60% 
    and chemicals -100%) is immense. 

    all our systems are locally produced and serviced - proudly south african! 

we are a level 4 bee enterprise that's 
    100% points for the buyer.

cholera, aids and legionnaire's disease have greatly increased our 
    marketability on the water front, tb, sars and worsening cold and flu 
    viruses including bird 'flu on the air front. anti-pollution lobbies will support all fronts.
    
we 
    take the responsibility of service backup personally, and undertake to 
    supply the most reliable, effective and economically attractive solution 
    available, currently, and in the future.

 
 



to order please fill in your contact and enquiry details 
    and send an email click here: info@eco3.co.za
 
 









