   net connections for communication disorders and sciences   an internet guide by judith maginnis kuster  awards and recognition for this site     version/edition: 9.0 update frequency: ongoing
last update: november 27, 2010 descriptive keywords: communication disorders, communicative disorders, speech science, speech therapy, speech pathology, audiology, hearing impairments intended audience: professionals and students in the fields of speech-language pathology, audiology, speech science, persons with communication disabilities or differences and their support persons. quick index about the author introduction communication disorders and sciences library speech and language disorders speech-language therapy materials on the internet stuttering home page hearing and hearing disability basic foundations for communication disorders and sciences  search this site    about the author judith kuster is an american speech-language and hearing association certified speech-language pathologist and an emeritus professor in the department of speech, hearing and rehabilitation services, minnesota state university, mankato. magazine and journal publications, including links to some that are in html format.


archive of judith kuster's internet columns
  past internet presentations personal fun page of things i've run across on the internet and don't want to forget about!   introduction the internet provides access to many valuable resources for professionals and students in communication disorders and sciences as well as for persons with communication disabilities and those who are part of their lives. previous versions of this guide were provided in both html and ascii formats.  by version 5 the ascii format had grown to well over 100pages downloaded. starting with version 6, a decision was made to provide only mailing lists in ascii. as the information continued to grow on the internet, version 7 integrated the information with the former communication disorders home page. supported by a teaching scholar fellowship, awarded by minnesota state university, mankato, the site was updated, reorganized and revised as version 8, summer 1999. version 9 (november 2010) has deleted several sections (discussion forums and electronic newsletters, commercial products and businesses related to communication disorders, efficacy information on the internet in speech-language pathology and audiology, and internet links for learning about the net, building web pages, etc.). the most up-to-date and relevant sites are speech-language therapy materials on the internet, the stuttering home page, and information about the author's publications and presentations. please forward any comments, corrections or additional suggestions to judith maginnis kuster judith.kuster@mnsu.edu.    since february 1, 1997you are the  visitor to this page   copyright 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010  judith kuster net connections can be accessed with either of the following urls - www.communicationdisorders.com or www.mnsu.edu/comdis/kuster2/welcome.html    x 