








new home community in chino, ca 91708 - the preserve at chino




















































chevron







tour-360







plant















stay informed







previous




next










neighborhoods

neighborhoods
apartments


amenities
nature
location
schools
blog
visit
stay informed








              sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
            





view more





































one of the
usa's top 50
communities!  

a fresh place to belong




at the preserve at chino, being close to everything you need gives you more time together. unwind and enjoy three separate resident clubhouses, walk or ride to local shopping and two k-8 schools within the community. this is home the way it’s meant to be, and it’s only at the preserve at chino.
download community brochure 

















new home neighborhoods






          feel
right at
home        

















here, a host of distinct neighborhoods come together to establish a community that thrives on connection—be it to neighbors or nature.




































offering a diverse array of floor plans and a true sense of community, the preserve at chino was designed with your family in mind. you’ll find that every lifestyle is welcome here, with spacious, open-concept home designs that are just steps from green parks and resort-style clubhouses.
explore the neighborhoods 










amenities










explore
the
amenities






































visit the preserve
ready to experience the preserve at chino? get in touch to learn more and start your visit with a private amenity tour — book a time online today. see you soon!
















a convenient location
living here means your next shopping experience is just minutes away from home. within the community you'll find handy retail and delicious dining options at town&nbspcenter&nbspat&nbspthe&nbsppreserve. in a matter of minutes, you can find your retail fix at the shoppes at chino hills. or take a short drive to explore ontario mills, victoria gardens and other neighboring lifestyle destinations.


keep productivity high
getting to the office is made simple here. residents can maximize their day with a 24-hour business center. plus with offices nearby, starting your day is easy. you can also get farther afield quickly with multiple commuting corridors close by.


this is where it all begins
every day is the start of a new adventure in chino, where the world-famous southern california lifestyle can be yours. when you live at the preserve at chino, you have easy access to local mountains, los angeles county and orange county beaches and iconic entertainment hotspots.

















previous
next












the smart choice
your child’s brightest future awaits at the preserve at chino. located within the award-winning chino valley unified school district, this brand new community offers an inspired environment where students of all ages can thrive with dedicated teachers and outstanding curriculums.













meet some amazing residents!




            sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
          










virtual tour

×





















stay informed *field required


first name*



last name*



email address*





phone number*



zip code*



how did you hear about us?*

select...
web search
social media
builder referral
broker/agent referral
family/friend referral
signage/drive-by
newspaper/magazine
other







homebuyer

realtor




                      i am a real estate professional
                    






which neighborhoods are you interested in?*
tap the neighborhoods you would like more information on.





select all










                              zinnia                            
beazer homes

                              approx. 1,770 – 2,076 sq. ft.                              3 – 4 bedrooms                              3 – 3.5 bathrooms                              from the mid $600,000s                                                            now selling                            










                              heritage                            
century communities

                              approx. 2,726 – 3,346  sq. ft.                              5 bedrooms                              3 - 4.5 bathrooms                                                                                          grand opening - march 22                            









future neighborhoods
be the first to know about new opportunities at the preserve.







                by signing up, you are opting in to receive communications directly from lewis community developers and/or the preserve at chino, plus the neighborhood builder(s), once announced. to manage your data and/or unsubscribe from a builder’s list, you must do so directly with the builder.
              




 back




next 




submit 
























facebook instagram




broker referral program
privacy policy








the preserve at chino

                      15871 main street, chino, california 91708                    


info center: (909) 962-1655
current residents: (909) 606-7446 homecoming apartments: (909) 353-3119





© 2025 the preserve at chino. all rights reserved. all residents of the preserve at chino automatically become members of the preserve master community corporation, the preserve master maintenance corporation and the preserve community services. please contact a neighborhood sales representative for additional details and information. housing is available to all without regard to race, religion or national origin. square footages are approximate. models or figures in illustrations do not represent racial preference. map not to scale. the preserve at chino is a development by lewis planned communities, a member of lewis management corp. ca dre license #01994759. 
equal housing opportunity
site by gunn | jerkens


















