







i-tech – international training and education center for health












































 






















skip to content





current site
all the uw


search scope


current site
all the uw



enter search text












university of washington
i-tech - international training and education center for health



university of washington
dept. of global health
 












menu

home

news


news

quarterly newsletter



who we are


who we are 

about i-tech

our team

vision, mission & values

the i-tech approach

organizational capacity

stories from the i-tech network

employment





what we do


health systems strengthening 

health information systems

health policy & regulatory strengthening

laboratory systems



health workforce development 

clinical mentoring

e-learning/distance learning

human resources for health

nursing/hcw cadres



implementation science and evaluation 

data systems

implementation science

integrating research and practice

monitoring & evaluation

quality improvement



prevention, care, and treatment of diseases 

cervical cancer

covid-19

demand creation

differentiated care

gender/women & girls

key populations

hiv and sti prevention

hiv care and treatment

hiv co-infection

hiv counseling and testing

malaria

mental health

pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep)

tuberculosis

voluntary medical male circumcision



health leadership and management 

best practices

leadership & management

transition & sustainability



global health security, one health & public health surveillance 

global health security

one health

public health surveillance





where we work


where we work 

botswana

cambodia

caribbean

côte d’ivoire

haiti

india

kenya

malawi

mauritius

mozambique

namibia

south africa

tanzania

trinidad & tobago

ukraine

zimbabwe





digital initiatives group


digital initiatives group 

digi team

digi portfolio

working with digi

contact digi





csim

resources


resources 

publications

evaluation reports

covid-19 resources

uw dept. of global health’s e-learning program

transition toolkit

surveillance system assessment toolkit

everyday leadership

namibia leaders in health

clinical mentoring toolkit

clinical assessment for systems strengthening (class)

training toolkit

training evaluation framework and tools (teft)

manager’s everyday toolbox













 








about i-tech
our programs effectively tackle emerging health threats and address national health priorities to achieve high quality, compassionate, and equitable health care.
our approachour mission, vision & values










center for stewardship in medicine (csim)
csim works in antimicrobial stewardship and infection prevention, building sustainable quality improvement programs, and providing customized, long-term technical assistance to rural health facilities. 
learn more about csimread about our partnership with csim










digital initiatives group at i-tech
the digital initiatives group at i-tech (digi) builds on 15 years of experience designing, developing, implementing, and evaluating health information systems around the world. digi is committed to collaborating with global communities to develop and enhance digital tools and provide technical assistance for effective implementation and sustainability. 
learn more about digiwork with digi










informatics and data science for health (idash) program
idash is a fellowship program that aims to strengthen regional capacity to use public health information systems and data to improve population-level health outcomes, effectively detect and respond to public health threats, and promote health equity.
learn more











 



the international training and education center for health (i-tech) is a center in the university of washington’s department of global health within the school of public health. i-tech comprises a global network, operating in more than 25 countries, that is committed to building long-term capacity in health systems strengthening; human resources for health; and targeted, data-driven interventions and research that are responsive to local needs. our unique approach to sustainability and capacity building, through training and research, creates a strong foundation for contextually appropriate health programs.




support our mission!
your gift here supports services and supplies for patients and communities where i-tech works around the globe.

 donate






where we work

the svg could not be loaded. this is a fallback image.



 read more




news

i-tech collaborates with africa cdc to enhance public health informatics capacity october 8, 2024 - in partnership with path, the international training and education center for health (i-tech) and digital initiatives group at i-tech (digi)… continue reading
i-tech attends 25th ias international aids conference august 1, 2024 - the international aids society (ias) hosted the 25th international aids conference on 22–26 july 2024 in munich, germany, and virtually. the… continue reading
idash fellowship launches in south america june 20, 2024 - on june 17, the international training and education center for health (i-tech) and the u.s. centers for disease control and… continue reading


 view all news









i-tech - international training and education center for health
be boundless
connect with us:


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
pinterest



employment
publications
news
terms
privacy
intranet
contact us
 

© 2025 university of washington  |  seattle, wa






















