






home – texas game warden association












































 





conservation for future generations








home
programs

youth hunts
youth fishing

37th annual go for fish, not drugs fishing tournament


scholarships

tgwa scholarships
shikar safari club scholarship


scholarship winners
death benefits


tournaments

4th annual ty patterson memorial golf tournament


news & events
photo gallery
online store

cart


more

tgwa membership
gwpoa membership
donations
legislative
memorials
contact
magazine
links








texas game warden association
2024 scholarship winner
noah nuetzmann 

welcome! we would just like to welcome everyone to the new tgwa website.  it provides news, stories, youth event pictures, tgwa products, and contact information.  we will also post upcoming youth events and tgwa fundraisers.  please look around and hopefully it will provide what you need from the tgwa.  if you don’t find what you are looking for, let us know and maybe we can add it.  please enjoy the website and thank you for supporting the texas game warden association.
 











mission
for more than a generation, the texas game warden association (tgwa) has introduced young texans to the beauty and value of our land and wildlife. tgwa’s members have devoted millions of hours, as well as funding, to educate more than 300,000 boys and girls.
natural role models, game wardens are uniquely qualified professionals teaching outdoor skills to youth hungry for one-on-one relationships and for hands-on experience with the outdoors. our members are made up of game wardens, concerned citizens, landowners, and businesses that share our commitment to preserving the rich heritage and wildlife of texas.
we encourage and invite you to become a part of this special organization. your support is critical to the association’s ultimate goal of “conservation for future generations.” 




37th annual go for fish, not drugsfishing tournament
saturday, june 1, 2024fulton harbor pavilion
learn more 



texas game warden magazine the "texas game warden magazine" is a quarterly publication that has been in circulation since 1979. the game warden peace officer's association is a 501 (c) 6 non-profit organization that provides support for texas game warden's concerns and supports the efforts of the texas game warden association.


 

phase 1 complete! texas game wardens are widely recognized as the best-trained corps of conservation officers in the country. they carry on a proud tradition that began at the turn of the 20th century when the texas legislature passed the first game laws to protect the lone star state. since then, texas game wardens have dedicated themselves to protecting the state’s natural resources for future generations.

 

texas game warden memorial 2013 sculpted by
pamela gilbreth watkins
 















 
 

gwpoa 2023 gun raffle! 
current winner
april 22, 2024489
see full list of winners.

 

© texas game warden association 2025february 17, 2025 










