





tucson irish community





            newseventscalendarphrasesphotosreviewslinkstunesprofilespostcardstic



go to content
go to navigation
go to search





continuing our irish traditions in a spirit of cooperation and good will
welcome to the tucson irish community
 2024 st. patrick’s day parade pictures are up! see them here. parade pictures may be downloaded free for non-commercial use (tip: be sure to download the picture, not the thumbnail). if you post a picture on your personal or group web site, instagram, etc., the photo credit is: copyright 2024, aine ni haralambie, www.tucsonirishcommunity.com.
welcome to the tucson irish community, devoted to continuing our irish traditions in a spirit of cooperation and good will. we will continue to keep you current on news and events related to the local irish and scottish community. we are including a series of profiles of members of our local irish community. let us know whose profile you would like to read and if that be you, give us your fascinating information! we also have a new section for reviews. and our guestbook is now active.  please write the webmasters with what content you would like to see. this is a monitored guestbook to eliminate spam comments, so there is a delay between your post and it appearing.
because of a glitch in our events software, the details for may 5th celtic woman concert, including a discount code, can be found at https://www.tucsonirishcommunity.com/index.php?s=events.

 the 2018 st. patrick’s day parade and festival pictures are here. there were no judges or awards for parade winners that year.  some parade entries (roughly entries 1490 to 1602)were not photographed due to technical difficulties. pictures may be downloaded free for non-commercial use (tip: be sure to download the picture, not the thumbnail). if you post a picture on your personal or group web site, the photo credit is: copyright 2018, aine ni haralambie, www.tucsonirishcommunity.com.  use key words   to search pictures (use fewer words—the search looks only for an exact match).  if we missed a caption or got it wrong, please email aine@tucsonirishcommunity.com to let us know. we have pictures starting with the 2000 parade and festival. when our server crashed, we lost the 2006 and 2007 albums; i have uploaded the 2007 pictures, but i will not be able to title or key word them. the 2006 pictures  aren’t online. the 2009 pictures probably don’t have titles. the 2008 pictures are up with titles. after our webmaster died, the albums resorted themselves, so are no longer in the correct chronological order. all photos were taken with high resolution, but posted with lower resolution. let us know if you want a high resolution digital copy of a picture. note that because of scheduling conflicts, we were unable to be there to photograph the parade and festival in 2019, so no pictures are available for 2019.  the 2020  and 2021 st. patrick’s day parade and festival were cancelled due to the covid-19 pandemic. they are back for 2024, taking place on st. patrick’s day! 





click here to sign up for event notifications
there are traditional irish sessions every tuesday from 6-8 pm at the hotel mccoy, 720 w silverlake rd #302, every 2nd and 4th sunday from 2-4 pm at monterey court, 505 w miracle mile, and every other sunday from 3-4:30 pm at lucky strike bowling alley, 4015 e speedway blvd. see also the tucson irish music facebook group and www.tucsonsession.com. 
we lost all of our update subscribers in an update. we must now create a new list through mailchimp. so everyone will need to sign up again at the link above. sorry for the inconvenience!   also, there is a glitch in our events calendar which defaults most events to the date, time, and place for a 2/23/2016 chieftains concert. so please read the text for the event, especially if it lists a 2016 date. we will put the correct date in the event title if the generated date is wrong
old blind dogs concert at berger center - 04/20/2024the wild swans, the wind that shakes the corn - 04/27/2024celtic woman concert at centennial hall 5-5-24 - 
also see our events calendar.
know of a local event that we should list here? drop us a note and let us know about it!


history of the claddagh ringtake survey about irish identity and the consumption of tea2017 st. patrick's day parade winnersdonegal-based novel becomes first to link us and ireland on the ‘wild atlantic way’support "her exiled children," three documentaries about the irish of americatir conaill academy of irish dance merges with celtic stepswhy do guinness bubbles go down instead of up?bloom film just released on demandcongratulations to the 2015 parade winnersnew resource to learn to play an instrument and traditional irish music onlinecongratulations to the 2014 st. patrick's day parade winnersflanagan's celtic corner in a new locationdeath of tic web designerireland reaching out to you -- unlock your past in ireland!tic is now on twitterwebsite up and running2012 st. patrick's day parade winnersthe launch of the ireland reaching out diaspora project by an taoiseach, mr enda kenny, tdonline academy of irish music2011 st. patrick's day parade winners




learn some common irish phrases! new phrases added periodically.


music and lyrics to some of your favorites.

sign the guestbook!


search

follow @irishcommunity


newseventscalendarphrasesphotosreviewslinkstunesprofilespostcardsticcontent copyright 2003 - 2025, tucsonirishcommunity.com. all photos are copyrighted by their respective owners. all comments are property of their posters.            

