






log house foods | quality foods + unparalleled service








































about
capabilities
products
press
faq
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











log house foods

quality foods & unparalleled service
 
 
 
 



family-owned since 1947, log house foods is a leading manufacturer, marketer, and distributor of branded and private label food products. built on a foundation of strong relationships, we develop innovative foods and deliver unparalleled solutions and service with an established history committed to quality for over 70 years. as our work in this increasingly complicated food environment continues to evolve and change, we leverage our time-tested expertise to work on customized solutions for your business.
 
 
 
 




from baking to snacking, we've got you covered.


 
 





baking ingredients
log house foods is home to the nation’s most popular confectionery coatings and barks including candiquik and plymouth pantry. we also offer a wide array of baking chips and bars, cocoa powders, and coconut flakes. if you’re looking for a private label or branded solution in the baking category, give us a call to discuss our broad range of capabilities.
 

 
 
 




better-for-you foods
part of the log house foods family, wholeme is a brand committed to using only a handful of ingredients including natural sweeteners and healthy fats in their granola clusters. mill city organics also offers an organic line of products for health-conscious consumers. available as both branded or private label, these products offer a new way to think about better-for-you foods.

 
 
 
 





candy
log house foods added heritage brands mighty malts and haviland to the family in late 2018. offering a full range of thin mints, chocolate coated nuts, and bridge mixes along with chocolate covered malted milk balls, log house foods is ready to help with your favorite seasonal offering or mainstay favorite.
 

 
 
 




oils & sweeteners
log house foods offers fully certified organic oils and sweeteners, including coconut and avocado oils and coconut sugars. our premium products are customized to meet your needs, from single-serve options to an 84-ounce jar or a two-liter bottle.

 
 
 
 




learn more

 
 
 



contact us
at log house foods, our door is always open. if you’d like to discuss any of our capabilities, brands, or have specific challenges you are looking to solve, we welcome the opportunity to get to know your business.
 
 
 





name


email address


message



number




submit



 
 
 
 
 





 

contact
(763) 546-8395
info@loghousefoods.com
 
followfollowfollowfollow
 
 

locations
log house foods – plymouth facility700 berkshire lane n.plymouth, mn 55441
log house foods –bloomington facility8711 lyndale avenue s. bloomington, mn 55420
 
 

hours
log house foods office hoursm–f: 8:00am – 5:00pm cst
shipping and receiving by appointment only.
 
 

pages
about capabilities products press faq contact
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



 

 
 
 








