







bichon frise breeder serving canada and usa | summer knights kennel


































welcome to summer knights kennel!






a home filled with love for the bichon frise






			 

			for more info:       home :       nursery :    



41

			roxanne@classykennels.com
subject: please send me your free bichon puppy pack.



			 

			

 
  

   



 summerknights
 

 

 

 


 

			 

			
 


 

 

			 

			
			 

			


touch a bichon and you have touched a bit of heaven...




hold a bichon and you have held the world...               




love a bichon and you will love life forever...              




author unknown



 

 

			 

			
			 

			
 

 

			 

			

			 

			

summer knight kennels is a real home filled with very spoiled puppies 
    


when you hear bichon frise breeder you may think of a large breeding operation, you may have concerns about the care and attention that the bichon frise puppies for sale are receiving, but with summer knight kennels lay all of your worries and concerns to rest. we are a family based kennel. jordi and i take care of all the puppies in our home.



we are not a kennel we are a home 



we are not a kennel but really a home. we are a small operation so that we have the ability to provide the very best care for all of our bichon frise. we operate on a smaller level and with our 14 years of experience we have the ability to provide ample amounts of the proper attention to each one of our puppies. these puppies grow up getting caring attention from our whole family in our own home from the time that they are born so that they are able to reach their full loving potential.



good home to forever home 


we like to think of ourselves as providing a wondrerful home for the bichon's until they go to their forever home with you. you probably know that the way puppies act is largely a result of the care that they received or did not receive all their lives so our policy of only breeding a number of dogs that we can handle and care for ensures that you will receive puppies and dogs that are the best. they know how to give and receive love long before they come to you so you can just enjoy a bichon frise that only knows the warmth of a loving home. the fact that these puppies come from our home and not some kind of kennel lets you know that these puppies will be ready to be a part of your home and a part of your family as soon as they arrive.



happy and healthy all the way 


to sum up, we believe that healthy and happy puppies make healthy and happy dogs. we care for the parents and the puppies in all the ways that we feel are best and we proud of the resulting loving animals. it seems like a simple formula but it makes all the difference. all the love and attention that these dogs need they receive every day along with proper nutrition. this makes for healthy and happy puppies that make your home a more loving place than you ever thought it could be. consider getting your own bichon frise puppy today.



about us


i have been asked it we take visitors to our establishment. no, we invite visitors to our home, we don't have an estabishment. summer knights kennel is a small kennel featuring the bichon frise. i believe that a healthy happy mother and father make happy healthy babies. we keep our dogs in the house and the babies are born and stay in my home until they are ready to go to their forever homes. 


we have a 1/4 acre fenced giving our akc/ckc registered bichon frise lots of space to run and play with each other. each day they spend a time out of doors enjoying the sunshine and fresh air. we have a clean airy home with lots of fenced in area outside as well as access to an outdoor dog run. this gives our fur kids a safe place to play and learn.


our puppies are given lots of toys that are changed every day so that they don't tire of them. we believe that puppies should be shown a variety of colors and toys to help them blossom into healthy adults. they are raised in our home so they are well use to normal activities and noises in a home. they have a tv to watch so that they can see and some even watch, who knows what they learn, i have been told over the last 20 years that my puppies are very smart and quick to learn.


we don't force weaning puppies from their moms, i have found that bichon puppies are a unique breed that have a need for close social ties with their moms and so are never prevented from spending time with their mothers. bichon mothers don’t wean their puppies. also bichon mothers don’t punish or push their young away but wait until the puppy is ready to wean itself around 6 and 8 weeks. i have a belief that the mom’s know best. they are doing what they know is best without my interference and i found that i have been rewarded with happy healthy babies and parents.


our puppies are given lots of love and hugs from our family. jordi, my son, has always been an integral part of the puppies’ lives helping me with their general care, feeding and bathing. these puppies are handled from when they are born by members of our family. as they grow they each they spend time with daisy our mastiff female, jordi, and of course me too.


i guess the question that you need to ask is do you want a good breeder or the best?







			copyright©2019 classykennels | sitemap | business resources
 
     




