

wire mesh manufacturers – wire and wire mesh products - china manufacturers











home| about us | our mission | fair & exhibition | member directory | forum  | products covered | information & news | contact  | e-mail




specializing on wire mesh industry since 1998, promoting wire mesh and related metal products manufacture and export. find members of wiremeshmanufacturers.com. find your partners in china. attend the fair as visitors and exhibitors.














search:






           











vip



































visit recommended members now


always fence wire mesh
anping fansi metal wire mesh factory
anping fuhua wire mesh co.  



de xiang rui wire mesh co., ltd.
hebei maishi wire mesh manufacture co.ltd.



anping kingdelong wire mesh co.,ltd.



anderil steel fence posts co.,ltd. 
sterling wire mesh and belt factory


greenden florist wire factory
starsh swimming pool fence  co.
aniteck wire netting co.
wetter stainless steel wire mesh factory



kdy concertina razor wire
guangda razor barbed wire factory 
aerct gabiony factory
accert perforated metal factory
building house barbed wire factory
anping first galvanized iron wire factory



anping fiberglass screen factory 
anping annealed wire factory 
everbright industrial wire manufactory
anping woven wire factory 
  schanskorven gabion baskets co.,ltd 
mallas (china) wire mesh manufacturing.
anping hardware cloth factory
deshiquan concrete nails co.



tedray roofing nails co.
diamond tread plate factory
yezhi plaster beads co.
harde steel fiber co.
rock gabion co.
anfang wire processing factory 
truji architectural mesh co.



 shangqi expanded metal machine factory
 suboer chain link fence machine 
carrygreen security fence co.
tricircle wire mesh screen co. 
teyi gabion baskets factory
texas  copper wire   mesh factory
jinghua barbed wire machine factory
tengrui fiberglass mesh machine factory
anaya security fencing co.
zhongcheng welded mesh co.
anping paserka security fence factory
malla stainless steel mesh
frishine temporary fence co.,ltd
hengshui hongwo technology co., ltd.


more>>










wire mesh manufacturers


we mainly handle products as follow: air filter mesh, perforated metal mesh, stainless steel wire mesh, security window screening, aluminum wire mesh, welded wire mesh, crimped wire mesh, expanded metal, razor barbed wire, euro fence, ornamental fence, processed products etc.





















wire mesh lists. more info.







welded mesh for construction




wire mesh




yuda

                        wire mesh 

                      [ e-mail ]











chain link fence
[ e-mail ]



bangqi metal fence facilities




wire cloth











 wire mesh




metal product




wire mesh fence 











 metal wire




 wire mesh fence




wire mesh











 import and export trading




 hardware

                        [ e-mail ]                      







galvanized wire mesh












 hardware wire mesh 




hardware wire cloth




hardware & mesh

                        [ e-mail ]                      











wire mesh




 wire mesh

                        [ e-mail ] 




 wire mesh machine[ e-mail ] 









 
 
 













 






stainless steel wire mesh


what are the general used stainless steel wire material type
aisi 316 and 316l type woven stainless steel wire meshes
aisi 304 and 304l type stainless steel wire mesh
benefits of woven wire in stainless steel
aperture of stainless steel wire mesh





wire cloth


where wire cloth is used
the main industries applied for stainless steel wire cloth
factors that determine the filtration of the wire cloth
corrosion resistant steel wire cloth available
monel woven wire cloth





mesh screen


welded/woven wedge wire screen
knitted wire mesh
bird cages and dog cage
rabbit cage wire
polyester mesh screen for paper-making and dewatering





wire products 


wire mesh locker (storage lockers)
angle bead and rib lath
wedge wire screen and sieve bend screens
gabion nettings boxes
gabion baskets





other products 


wire mesh rolls and panels
chain link fence and 358 welded mesh fence
woven wire mesh
galvanized wire 
woven wire cloth
wire screen
knitted wire mesh
wire products
expanded metal fencing
plastic geogrid
debris netting (scaffold netting)
windbreak netting (windbreak net)
gabion baskets
plastic netting (extruded plastic m
woven filter cloth
enquiry of electro galvanized wire
aluminum chain link fence
metal scraper mat
gauge glass
asbestos rubber















our mission




to build a comprehensive information data of wire mesh manufacturers of china;

                to provide a forum for the exchange of information on technical matters and trade among member companies; 

                to serve as a source of information on wire mesh for importers, purchasers and end users;

                to maintain the good reputation of china wire mesh manufacturers by only approving reliable companies as members and to kick off those companies from our sources if they are proved to have bad conductions;

                to help solve complaints and disputes during international trade.
along with the trends both domestic and overseas, and to enhance the export and technology improvement of china wire mesh, wmm is determined to expand the sphere and objects of our service to achieve our goal of providing efficient and sound service for promoting sino-foreign trade contacts and economic & technological exchanges & cooperation. we wholeheartedly appreciate sincere cooperation and kind support extended by both chinese and foreign companies and organizations in industrial & business circles.
more.... 










wire mesh fair service




we are providing classified lists of china wire mesh  factories and companies in this site. these companies are involved in making of  woven stainless steel wire mesh, wire cloth, welded wire mesh, barbed wire,  chain link fence, wire fences, expanded metal, perforated metal, wire mesh  strainers, discs, filters, galvanized wire, annealed wire, carbon steel wire,  rebar tie wire, barbed wire machine, hexagonal wire netting machine, weaving  looms and wire treatment line. 














get  contacts with local manufacturers:




1. we are providing a list of our local  manufacturers and exporters on this site, with detail contact information  including url, email, tel, fax and post address. you can get direct contact  with them easily according to the products you need. 
2. second way to build quick contacts: leave  your requirement simply by filling in the inquiry form above, we will circulate  your information to our related members. 


                3. send email to: wiremeshorg@hotmail.com with the description of the products you need, the quantity ordered, delivery term,  payment term. also, if you have any intention of setting joint venture in china, or you  have some machines second handed or advanced, you want to promote to our  companies, you can write to us. if you have any disputes or complaints with our  member companies, also contact us. we will try to help solve the dispute  through mediation. the most important thing: do not forget to leave your own  contact information! 











advertise with wiremeshmanufacturers.com. buyers are welcome also.




wiremeshmanufacturers.com has over 300 members in the field of engineering wire  mesh, constructional mesh, reinforcing mesh, fencing mesh, geogrid fabrics,  filter wire cloth, wire mesh screen for quarry and mines, galvanized wire,  baling wire, stucco netting, plastic netting, industrial wire mesh and  screening, various equipment for wire processing, expanded metal and perforated  metal as well as other products. these china companies and factories are  exporting to the world.


                many buyers have found the potential suppliers here and have established  business relationship with our members. we welcome exporters and buyers of the  world to contact us for advertisement in our site, which we believe will bring  good benefits to your company.










zhong cheng is a professional manufacturer exporting wire mesh fence products to worldwide customers. we handle with steel galvanized  wire, bar and tube by welding into a variety of forms: welded mesh rolls, mesh sheet, metal grid, chain link fence, railings, partitions, decks, racks, containers, cages, gabions, trellis. we supply mainly four series products listed.

















advertise with us:






358 welded mesh fence 
common nails 
chain link fence 
expanded metal 
fence post
chicken wire


wire container
wire shelvingrack
wire decking
filter elements
pet screen 
galvanized wire 








email: wiremeshorg@hotmail.com 

        url: https://wiremeshmanufacturers.com  





