





 














home - drs













































x

navigation
articles & resources
joining / membership
conferences
policy

articles resources
media releases
articles
published letters
submissions

about
about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions

















home
about us
contact

















articles & resources
joining / membership
conferences
policy


menu












drs links
membership
drs conference
media releases
policies










welcome to the doctors reform society of australia 

the doctors reform society (drs) is an organisation of doctors and medical students promoting measures to improve health for all, in a socially just and equitable way. the society was formed in 1973 to support a proposal for a publicly-funded universal health insurance system.  medibank (now medicare) was successfully created despite opposition from the australian medical association.
all members’ views are valued, open debate on all health issues is encouraged both within and outside the organisation, and consensus decision making is the norm.  the drs functions as a medico-political think tank, a lobby group and a public resource centre.
50 years anniversary doctors reform society conference and agm.
nsw nurses and midwives association building
50 o’dea ave waterloo nsw
face to face and zoom.
saturday 9th november 9.30 am – 5.00 pm
agm in after lunch session
zoom attendance will be available.
please email drs@drs.org.au for zoom link (available from 1 november)
the zoom link will be circulated to drs mailing list.
if you are attending the conference in person, please advise us at drs@drs.org.au
further program information to follow closer to the event.
there will be a conference dinner held at a location in surry hills on the evening of november 9.
the location is close to central railway station and will be advised at the agm.
it will be in proximity to the friendly society hall where our first meeting was held.
please let us know if you will be attending for catering numbers.
any queries to drs@drs.org.au










 

join the drs
membership of the doctors’ reform society is open to all medical practitioners and medical students who believe that everyone, regardless of their social or economic status, should have access to high quality healthcare.
click here to find out more about membership






 

report on national conference october 2019, brisbane
 
we started the day with a talk from dr beau frigault from doctors for the environment, who gave an overview of the disaster we are heading for but then concentrated on the significant contribution of the health care system particularly hospitals, makes to greenhouse gas emissions. he then outlined (in between torrential brisbane rain on the tin roof) a wide variety of measures that hospitals are implementing to address this, both in the design of new hospitals and in retrofitting older hospitals but also indicated relatively simple changes such as using different anaesthetic gases eg servoflurane instead of desflurane which can also help significantly. the emphasis however was that for change to happen in established hospitals a commitment to fund a dedicated person to the task is required.
we then had a fascinating and eclectic talk from dr andrew gunn about how he manages to provide health care to about 500 patients who are mainly living in hostels, are all significantly disadvantaged, with a major contribution from mental illness. he referred also to two other examples of doctors who have set up systems to deal with the most disadvantaged and provide them with the health care they deserve and would seldom receive from standard gp practices, the first in perth where the emphasis is on addressing homelessness as a major contributing cause of disadvantage, the second in melbourne where, with the benefit of community health centres carrying on from their beginnings as a whitlam initiative, provide comprehensive care across many inner city melbourne suburbs.
the afternoon started with a talk from ben cohn from the australian digital health agency, giving us an update on how it is progressing. the best we could establish from him was that the adha was continuing to play with the data they had, but had not really made much progress in terms of meaningful and useful engagement with either health care providers or patients to make my health record a particularly useful product. nor was there any indication that the adha had understood the concerns regarding patient control of the information which we and others have raised previously.
the day ended with our agm and reappointment of the previous committee unchanged, and we then proceeded to an excellent vegan meal nearby.
next year we plan to meet in western australia
 
read more here



media releases





21st may 2024 health care: a disappointing budget by: dr peter davoren

“why has health care been almost ignored in this year’s budget”, asks dr peter davoren, secretary, doctors reform society. in january last year health minister butler said, “frankly i think our general practice right now is in the worst shape it has been in the 40-year history of medicare,” his strengthening medicare taskforce made many recommendations and the minister said at the time that ‘a comprehensive revamp’ was required, including addressing ‘structural issues’. read more 







10th apr 2023 save money or save patients: what is medicare about?






8th apr 2023 bulk billing for patients: radical ideas to achieve a fair go welcomed






20th mar 2023 health care now or submarines for the future


 

articles





19th nov 2024 health and human security: a sense of control over one’s life pearls and irritations  by: dr tim woodruff

it is time to think more broadly about security than the narrow military concept about which there is endless debate. security for individuals and communities does not depend on a nuclear powered and nuclear armed submarine. we are humans and human security is about many things including health, and it is health which our organisation, the doctors reform society, has focused on for the last 50 years. read more 







15th nov 2024 putting the mouth back into medicare






12th apr 2024 aged care funding: on the road to entrenched inequity






26th jul 2023 prescription co-payments: time to stop the silent killer


 






facebook by weblizar powered by weblizar


no recent facebook posts to show













 membership
 conference
 newsletter








doctors for the environment (dea) doctors for the environment australia is a voluntary organisation of medical doctors in all states and territories, addressing the diseases – local, national and global – caused by damage to the earth’s environment doctors for the environment (dea) 




healthy futures healthy futures is an organisation of health professionals, students and community members taking action to address climate change and related threats to health healthy futures 





australian fair trade and investment network ltd (aftinet) aftinet is a national network of community organisations and many individuals which campaigns for fair trade based on human rights, labour rights and environmental sustainability australian fair trade and investment network ltd (aftinet) 




climate and health alliance the climate and health alliance is a coalition of health sector groups and individuals advocating for climate action to protect and promote people's and health climate and health alliance 





australian health care reform alliance ahcra is a coalition of national and state organisations, including those representing the medical profession, nursing, allied health, rural and remote health, health services and consumer groups. australian health care reform alliance ( ahcra ) 




national rural health alliance the national rural health alliance is comprised of 39 national organisations. we are committed to improving the health and wellbeing of the 7 million people in rural and remote australia. national rural health alliance 


 



		drs © 2025 - all rights reserved
		
				the doctors reform society (drs) was formed in 1973 to support a proposal for a publicly-funded universal health insurance system
		
home
articles & resources
conferences
joining / membership
about us
policy
contact
terms and conditions


















