
















american male | men's hair salon | quality grooming experience








































info@americanmale.com

  




  
 
 










about us
shop
employment
locations

berwyn, pa
reading, pa
lebanon, nj


contact us
make an appointment




select page


  
 



 



 







































the american male experience
for over 25 years, american male has been changing the way men think about a haircut. we are not your typical barber shop or salon, american male is a hybrid of both! our men’s hair salon has successfully taken the best elements from both experiences to create a comfortable place for men. you will receive a total quality grooming experience, from your haircut, hand detailing, and body waxing, to our other men’s salon services, and also learn from our salon experts about the best way to handle grooming concerns. we go the extra mile to ensure all our staff undergo detailed training and become experts in their profession. our talented stylists love what they do and are honored to have guys from all walks of life as their clients. we hope to see you soon in one of our locations, either berwyn or reading in pa, or lebanon in nj.












american male salons turn a routine event 
– getting a haircut – 
into a total grooming experience.










book your appointment today!








buy a gift card












 gift card amounts




$25 giftcard $25.00 usd
$50 giftcard $50.00 usd
$100 giftcard $100.00 usd












american male gift cards make great gifts for any occasion! give the man in your life the total grooming experience! american male salons cater specifically to men’s grooming needs. he’ll enjoy a haircut, hand and foot detailing, facials, camouflaging, massage and other services – all with a masculine touch. to order an american male salon gift certificate, please click the paypal buy now button below. it is recommended that orders placed within 3 business days of needed arrival date should be sent via e-mail. 








voted "best 20 barbershops in pennsylvania"!
based on an independent study done by pennsylvania times







 









salon website developed by salon search party. copyright © 2025
 

 
 
 




				make an appointment			





berwyn, pa
click here

lebanon, nj
click here



reading, pa
click here






			x			






<!—divi phone clickable in header—>











