

 




the most accurate college administrator search directory







































































































(888) 349-7715
shop login
0 items 


0shopping cartabout
products

digital directory
licensed directory data extracts
printed directory
shop all products


product login
resources

news
college presidents report
college accrediting bodies
higher ed consortia
college statewide agencies
u.s. dept of education
product tutorials
product faqs


contact
update listing

login – update listing
instructions


search




menu


menu

 







the  higher education search engine – updated continuously
start your free trial

the most accurate tool for communication in higher ed with three convenient ways to find college and university leadership datalink to: digital directory
highered direct™ – onlinefor greater convenience we provide a digital online app that allows you easy access to our database.
link to: licensed directory data extracts
highered direct™ – extractsif you are looking to enhance your crm, our data extracts get you precise targeted information filtered to your needs.
link to: printed directory
highered direct™ – printif you are a purist and still want a printed copy of the directory, we’ve got you covered.


view pricing
try the app free!


it’s all in the numbers… and we have lots of them. 2025 updates now available!4,390higher education institutions
93,028school administrators
20,893accreditations

highered direct™ is our entire database put into an online searchable app.
huge amounts of data
with 4,390 schools our online database provides the most comprehensive listing of higher education institutions in the country.

detailed data extracts
we provide the most detailed data in the industry. update your crm with our accurate college administrator data extracts.

regularly updated
our information is updated and verified throughout the year to provide you the most current information available.

verified data
we never scrape the internet for our data and keep in direct contact with university administrators to ensure the accuracy of our content.

put our four decades of experience in data collection to work for you.
higher education publications supports the higher education community by gathering, verifying, and customizing industry data. add value to your enterprises with timely and accurate information.

try it free


trusted by leading colleges and universities nationwide.
   

companyabout us
contact us
follow us on twitter
follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin
privacy policy
productsdigital database
licensed directory data extracts
printed directory
publisher’s services
product pricing
product faqs
resourcespresident’s report
college accrediting bodies
higher ed consortia
college statewide agencies
u.s. dept of education
statement on ccpa
membersupdate listing
higher ed direct login
terms & conditions
product tutorials
higher ed shop
shopping cart
get notified subscribe for news and updates to our products and services.
















name email


 








δ







copyright 2020 higher education publications, inc. | (888) 349-7715 | all rights reserved.






scroll to top














































