









action for apes - ape alliance


































 





help save the apes & their habitats

orangutanse asia
chimpanzeeafrica
bonoboafrica
gorillaafrica
gibbonse asia








 



 



 



 







menu



homenewsape alliancegeneralsciencesuccessestripanews from ape allieseventshope 4 apespast eventsworking groupsape tradeapes in entertainmentbiomedicalbushmeatclimate change & carboneducationpalm oilprimate tourismproblem primateorangutansanctuariesget involvedcampaignsgrantsjobsprojectsstudytravelvolunteerschool workshopsape inspiredartistsjohn d gorillaphotographerspoetryvideosthe apesbonobochimpanzeegibbongorillaorangutanabout usour teamvolunteersthank youmemberslink to usdonateshopbooksdvdticketscards









find out about the apes - our relatives - and how you can help to save them from extinction.
 

prevnext







 ian redmond appointed cms ambassador 

					the convention on migratory species has appointed ian redmond the new wildlife ambassador to represent terrestrial species.
ian is aiming to get a concerted action proposal approved by #cmscop13














 free vr apeapp! 

					have a vr headset? pick up vecotourism's free apeapp vr to visit great ape habitat across africa and south-east asia on your smartphone!
https://www.vecotourism.org/















 last stand for leuser - asia's vanishing eden... 

					the leuser ecosystem in northern sumatra, indonesia is unique - the last place on earth where orangutans, tigers, elephants, and rhinos still survive together.
watch the video at https://youtu.be/btbkfc9hvyk 













 welcome to the ape alliance website 

					if you would like a chat, find us on our new twitter account @alliance4apes
the ape alliance is an international coalition of organisations and individuals, working for the conservation and welfare of apes. 
















 
latest news



orangutan appeal uk has undergone a brand refresh






20 november 2023 

						read more...			 



red rock power: say no to orangutan habitat destruction



11 february 2023 

						read more...			 



so many cops! - what do they have to do with apes?



28 november 2022 

						read more...			 






 
upcoming events
no events




view all past events


 
get involved



psychology doctoral research studentship - evaluating great ape cognitive and behavioural wellbeing (2023)

study 

						read more...			 



phd position using mountain gorillas as a study system to examine the evolution of flexible dispersal patterns

study 

						read more...			 



head of biomonitoring and research kahuzi-biega national park, drc

jobs 

						read more...			 














				you are here:  
			


						home					
















thank you to our sponsoring members:
 (view all members)
to show your support for the great apes, please link to the ape alliance.




search ...  














keep in touch


back to top
copyright © 2025 ape alliance all rights reserved.privacy policywebsite by reaper enterprises




we use cookies to improve your experience of our website. more info.by using 4apes.com you agree to our use of cookies. dismiss


