














national rural health resource center | national rural health resource center









skip to main content







national rural health resource center





services & innovation


about


events


programs


resources




search


search site


submit

close search
















collaborating & innovating to improve the health of rural communities 

learn more about the center

















          trending insights
        




using claims data







rqita monthly - december 2024







meeker memorial hospital: bringing sustainable coordination of care to its patients and community







rqita monthly - november 2024




























            we know rural
          

            for almost 40 years, the center's staff has provided technical assistance, information, tools and resources to the country's rural hospitals and clinics, rural health networks, state offices of rural health and other rural stakeholders.
          

learn more about our current programs





















            services to meet your needs
          

            rural health innovations, the center’s consulting arm, offers a range of community and population health, and strategic planning services customized to match the needs of rural hospitals and health systems, and other rural health organizations. 
          

learn more about our services










          customer testimonials
        





there's always something new on the horizon that you need to change and adapt for; the delta program helped us grow financially to be more sustainable so that we can adapt in the future. that fresh set of eyes has been invaluable.
lisa twidwell, ceo, madison medical center 







i am a long-time flex program member. i can tell you from day one, tasc has provided leadership and guidance to the flex programs and flex coordinators. … through the years these colleagues have become my friends.
john barnas, executive director, michigan center for rural health 







rhi has been a great partner, helping with our chna and leading us through strategic planning. as a cah, a partner like rhi can save time and provide national best practices.
chna customer 






















            meet our experts
          

            our staff — a mix of subject matter experts, educators, facilitators and other professionals, many of whom have rural lived experience — have the pulse on rural health.
          

learn more about our staff





















            resources for industry leaders
          

            browse or search our resource library to find hundreds of assessments, toolkits, faqs, podcasts and other materials developed to help sustain and improve health care in rural communities.
          

dive into our resource library







upcoming events















02/21/2025



drchsd 2025 rcm/ppm webinar series (1 of 2)




        stay ahead of the curve with insights into the 2025 medicare physician fee schedule final rule and its impact on rural health clinics. discover key changes, strategic implications, and opportunities to optimize operations and revenue cycle management for your rhc.
      




 











02/26/2025



fy25 flex program non-competing continuation (ncc) guidance webinar




        the fy25 non-competing continuation (ncc) webinar will provide the opportunity to walk through the key elements of the submission process and answer any questions you may have. 
      




 











02/27/2025



rhptp state partner meeting




        please join us for the upcoming rural healthcare provider transition project state partner meeting!
      




 











02/28/2025



drchsd 2025 rcm/ppm webinar series (2 of 2)




        explore industry best practices and innovative technologies to enhance your patient access operations. this webinar will provide actionable insights to optimize workflows, monitor performance, and identify opportunities to improve your organization's patient access functions.
      




 











03/06/2025



ship webinar: cybersecurity 




        the upcoming ship webinar will focus on cybersecurity. this event is supported by the federal office of rural health policy (forhp) and coordinated by ship, a program of the national rural health resource center (the center).
      




 











03/12/2025



rhptp help webinar: chronic care management program 101




        need to learn more about medicare's care management programs? attend our two-part webinar on chronic care management and the new advanced primary care management programs. 
      




 









previous
next

















national rural health resource center





about


services


events


provide feedback


resources


careers


programs


contact


privacy policy


viewers & players




contact us

          525 south lake avenue
          suite 320
          duluth, mn 55802
          1.800.997.6685
        



x (twitter)


facebook


linkedin


youtube


podcast












        this organization is a national nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization.
      








back to top




