



 






rare collectible out-of- print antiquarian books maps documents autographs book repair rebinding restoration appraisals — my great wordpress blog

































 



 
 

we specialize in fine, rare and collectible books, maps, historical documents, autographs and manuscripts for private collectors and institutions worldwide.



  buy online from our inventory  antique book restoration and repair services  have us appraise your collection  have us search for a book, map, autograph or document  let us sell your books, maps, historical documents, autographs or manuscripts  articles from our newsletter -- the bookmark  join our mailing list  more information -- about us -- privacy --great expectations guarantee -- trading terms, etc.  when you find yourself in atlanta, our showroom is open by appointment. please contact us for an appointment or any other reason at:
404-231-3825 or email: books@cdickens.com
3614 clearview parkway -- atlanta, ga -- 30340
   
a few words about reading
isn't it amazing how we take them for granted, those little black marks on paper! twenty-six different shapes known as letters, arranged in endless combinations known as words. lifeless, until someone’s eye falls on them...

but then a miracle happens. along the optic nerve, almost at the speed of light, these tiny symbols are flashed to the brain where they are instantly decoded into ideas, images, concepts, meanings. 

the owner of the eye is changed, too. the little black marks can make him love or hate, laugh or cry, fight or run away. and what do we call this incredible chain of events?

we call it reading.

partly because it is such a complex process, reading is not just a habit or a skill; it’s a deeply satisfying emotional experience. something in us knows that the soundest insights, the truest wisdom, the most enduring knowledge come through this channel. the spoken word rushes by and is gone, but the written word remains. it endures. it can be consulted over and over again. forever.

how wise then to surround oneself with books and magazines.

how wise to love them, and teach one’s children to love them.

how wise to read!

from:  the true joy of positive living by norman vincent peale -- william morrow and company, ny, 1984
 
 
  



copyright 2014 - special & unique books & maps, inc d/b/a c. dickens rare & collectible books & maps - all rights reserved 








