










home - lancaster county chamber of commerce






















































  
















skip to content






















homemember loginmember directory











facebook





instagram





linkedin






































menu 
newsletterjoin usmember center benefits chamber blog testimonials ribbon cutting member login member2member deals chamber champions prioritiesdirectory membership directory business resources volunteer opportunities job/internship postingsevents 2025 events calendar 2025 trip morning business connectionsprograms advocacy ambassadors annual awards education leadership lancaster young professionalsabout board of directors staff contact information sign up for e-news








 















 
 


 
 


 
connect with others in the business community!

member directory



 


 
annual meeting/winter soirée

view our 2023 award winners!


 






























what does the lancaster county chamber do? we unite. we collaborate. we innovate.






we are the lancaster county chamber of commerce and we do whatever it takes to drive our business community forward.
our mission is to represent our membership with the goal of making lancaster county a better place to live, work and do business.
lancaster county chamber of commerce is proud to be the legacy chamber for our county, with a rich history spanning more than 67 years.

















					become a member				








					directory				








					events				








					jobs				








					advantage magazine				








					2024 lancaster lifestyle magazine				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more











 
annual awards 
each year, the chamber holds an annual meeting/soiree to honor individuals in our county! at this event, we announce awards for various categories.
candidates are nominated by the public, and the chamber of commerce executive committee reviews the nomination forms and selects the winners.
 
 

















 
chamber office 
the lancaster county chamber office is conveniently located near the comporium trail access entrance of the lindsay pettus greenway! stop by to meet the staff, ask any questions, or grab flyers from our members we have displayed in our lobby area!
453 colonial ave. 
lancaster, sc 29720
 
 
 

















 
young professionals program  
if you’re between 21 and 40 and eager to make a difference while advancing your career, this is your golden opportunity! each quarter, our yps come together for dynamic grow, serve, or thrive events, ensuring there’s always something exciting on the horizon.
join this free program! 
 
 

















 
group travel 
each year, the chamber office a group travel opportunity for members of the chamber and the community. for 2024, we chose ireland, and we will be announcing the 2025 trip this december!
 
 




















 
mix & mingles 
the networking events are held to provide our members an opportunity to build relationships while visiting amazing venues, that are also chamber members.
check out our events calendar for upcoming mix & mingles!
 
 

















 
morning business connection 
the morning business connections is a networking event and has a guest speaker relevant to the business community. two are held each month.
~first friday of each month: 8:30 am held at the crossridge cafe in indian land.
~third thursday of each month: 8:30 am held at chastain's studio lofts in lancaster. 
 
learn more here!
 

















 
golf tournament 
the “rub of the green” is an annual fall event at one of lancaster county’s amazing golf courses. a shotgun-style starts the tournament with a mix & mingle after the tournament to celebrate the winners!
 


















leadership lancaster 
this program has been held annually for over 35 years and has graduated over 1,200 participants. the mission of leadership lancaster is to develop a group of informed, committed, and qualified individuals capable of providing dynamic leadership for lancaster companies. the seven-month program is designed to both challenge and educate potential community leaders about the opportunities, goals and needs of the community as well as the dynamics of social and economic change, and to identify organizational and individual opportunities for their personal involvement in the community.


learn more


 










 












© 2025 lancaster county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












chamber champions





















                                comporium                            














                                crossridge                            














                                duke energy                            














                                first citizens bank                            














                                founders federal credit union                            














                                insp                            














                                musc                            














                                nutramax laboratories                            














                                oceanagold                            














                                pci group                            














                                security first it                            













                                sharonview federal credit union                            














next
previous

















we mean business

















lancaster county chamber of commerce









address & map




453 colonial avenue, p.o. box 430 | lancaster, sc 29721 










call the chamber




(803) 283-4105 










contact us




contact us 










facebook





instagram





linkedin



















 © 2025 lancaster county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















