








florida's only source for everything british



















 








home
pubs across florida–where brits watch soccer + rugby
british cars car clubs
soccer in florida + david beckham’s miami mls team




 


 


main menu
» brilliant british professionals + businesses in florida + fabb members» how to reach florida’s british community» about the british bureau fabb» currency exchange/transfer uk-usa by moneycorp» contact us - answers

 



» pensions—uk and usa» rugby in florida» cricket in florida» driving in florida + car insurance for brits» medical: health insurance for expat brits + temporary medical insurance for uk visitors» passports uk –new and renew» shipping your possessions to/from florida and uk. or any country.» british realtors in florida–find one near you.» british-owned restaurants/cafes in florida + british foods» businesses for sale [for e2 visa]+ business brokers.» british events in florida» british accent voiceover for your project




	  


florida’s only website for everything british

 are you an expat brit in florida?  or uk-based owner with florida property? stay in florida’s british loop.
email your name + city to britishbusinessflorida@gmail.com   we’ll send your local ebritnews + invitations to british events near you.  
£$£$ tip: when transferring over uk currency,  don’t use your bank!  use moneycorp.  at lower rates than any bank. expat brits here have used this currency service for years and report savings and satisfaction. it’s a uk company with a florida office.   to find out more:  call moneycorp’s usa senior country manager kelly cutchin on cell [863] 207-6616 in orlando. or email your query to kelly.cutchin@moneycorp.com  on subject line put  ” to kelly–fabb query.”    moneycorp have been trusted fabb members since 2005.  i use moneycorp myself–highly recommended–pk, website publisher]
►  february 12-16, 2025.  the miami boat show and miami yacht show.  [i attend every year].  the shows are run by uk company informa markets, headed up by local brit andrew boole. see website for this year’s details.   www.miamiboatshow.com.  british exhibitors from the uk marine and yacht building world attend. the show is spread out over different locations in miami and inside miami beach convention center.  for tickets, transport and shuttles to/from shows see website. i attend annually and highly recommend you go whether you own a boat/yacht or not. —–pk, publisher.

 ► need us-usa financial or tax advice?  all of us expats do.  jimmy andrews is a chartered british accountant and florida certified accountant on the fabb team, with 30 years experience and a longtime florida resident.  feel confident to use jimmy andrews for all your uk-usa financial matters.  he has numerous satisfied expat british clients in florida and the uk.  we recommend jimmy highly.  ideal for expat brit newcomers to florida:  let him explain your uk-usa tax liability and be set up professionally.    he understands the special financial challenges of transplanted brits and handles their personal or business tax and financial matters.  jimmy can set up new business accounts for you to comply with usa tax laws. his fees are reasonable!  jimmy is based in the ft. lauderdale area, with clients across florida and the uk. he is happy to meet you in person.  jimmy also specialises in due diligence for uk brits buying e2 businesses here. when you have found a business to buy and are ready to make your offer to the sellers, you must do due diligence. this is standard procedure when buying a business in florida….contact jimmy andrews to find out more.  reach him direct on cell [305] 323-1278 or email jand592040@aol.com.      
 need a job in florida?  see the jobs for brits page on this website. 
► central florida sofia naseem is a licensed british realtor based in central florida. originally from lancashire and established in florida since 1998, she is a member of fabb [florida association of british business].   owner of many florida residential and commercial properties herself, she is a realtor with charles rutenberg realty in winter park. sofia is happy to help and guide fellow brits and anybody seeking to purchase, sell or rent property in the greater orlando/kissimmee/winter park/davenport area.. with over 20 years of real estate experience,  she can help you find the perfect home, villa or apartment.  she has experience with all aspects of real estate including new builds. contact her to start your search and home buying journey.  sofia is happy to answer any questions you may have. reach her directly cell/whatsapp [407] 947-2030 or email your query to  sofianaseem.realtor@gmail.com or through her website at www.sofianaseem.com
 on march 1,  2025 come to the 41st annual st. david’s day celebration lunch. hosted by the sarasota welsh society.
for details see www.sarasotawelsh.com 
a british realtor understand you better!!  ► central florida—sofia naseem is a licensed british realtor, originally from lancashire and established in florida since 1998.    owner of many florida residential and commercial properties herself,  sofia is happy to help and guide fellow brits and anybody seeking to purchase, sell or rent property in the greater orlando/kissimmee/winter park/davenport and surrounding areas. with over 20 years of real estate experience she can help you find the perfect home, villa or apartment.  she is a realtor with charles rutenberg realty in winter park. sofia has experience with all aspects of real estate including new builds. contact her today to help start your search and home buying journey.  sofia is happy to answer any questions you may have. reach her directly cell/whatsapp [407] 947-2030 or email your query to sofianaseem.realtor@gmail.com . see her  website www.sofianaseem.com  she is a member of fabb [florida association of british business]. 
 testimonial [just one of hundreds on file]  ” your website is the best i’ve ever seen for expat brits and i’ve been on lots!” –olivia hill in gwent, wales. 

   saturday march 1, 2025  put on some tartan and attend the annual scottish festival in west ft. lauderdale. a superb day out!  info/tickets on www.sassf.org
  find a british event near you listed on the british events florida page on this website.
 want to mix with other expat brits near you? see the british clubs and british pubs pages on this website.
►  in miami—the anglican chorale of southeast florida sings at trinity cathedral downtown miami. uplifting and joyous! see all the performance dates on www.trinitymiami.org
►  want to move to florida?  click on the green emigrate page on left menu. 
  got a british-american query?  email it to britishbusinessflorida@gmail.com  our florida-based team of british professionals will get you answers! 
   uk government in florida, for uk visa matters, emergency uk passports, uk trade and more. call the british consulate-general [305] 400-6400 in downtown miami. also see the uk government page on this website.  note: they do not handle us immigration matters. 
     want to find out if you’re eligible for a uk pension?  read the uk pensions page on this website.  
 on this website: click on the side menus to find british events in florida,  british realtors here on our property page, financial advice for expats,  uk-usa tax accountants, british-owned businesses and professionals, british shops, british pubs,  british clubs here,  the british government in florida, scottish festivals,  e2 qualifying businesses for sale and business brokers,  soccer in florida–where to watch locally with fellow brits, jobs for brits, uk pensions, immigration attorney we recommend, fabb’s uk-florida relocation services,  uk-usa currency exchange by moneycorp, british solicitors/attorneys,  shipping to/from uk,  how to renew your uk passport and more.  
 use a british accent for your project.  add class and influence to your message. ideas:  come to your miami location and record a british accent greeting on your business phone system.  or record something for you in a british accent.  or read stories to your group of miami children in a clear british accent.  or teach hispanic accent reduction via british accent.  ask for what you need!  these days a british accent is a superb marketing asset: persuasive, authoritative, classy, always in style, trendy and alluring–a great sales tool. offered by ex-londoner and professional, experienced british voiceover actress and miami resident.  many satisfied local clients. call the british bureau on [305] 450-1755 in downtown miami to discuss your needs or email query to britishbusinessflorida@gmail.com fees negotiable, hourly or by project. 
► need to buy an e2 qualifying business for your florida move? find them on the businesses for sale page on this website.
  for current royal news and photos,  view their official website www.royal.uk 
 i recommend a virgin voyages cruise from port miami. owned by brilliant brit sir richard branson, who comes often to miami and owns a home here.  [i was invited media inaugural guest onboard the ship scarlet lady in september 2021 and sailed as passenger on their december 2022 christmas cruise to mexico. had a super experience in every way—–pk, publisher] for info/to book a cruise an any of their ships see www.virginvoyages.com     


   for current uk daily news always consult the bbc website www.bbc.co.uk  
    british businesses + professionals in florida are listed on the brilliant brits page on the left menu of this website.   the british bureau maintains the only statewide database of resident britons and british businesses in every florida zip code. compiled since 1991 and updated daily.   

►   fabb  [florida association of british business]  was voted the best british business group in the usa in 2010 by the uk weekly telegraph,  reaching expatriate readers in 49 countries.  if you are are a british business-owner or professional in florida, join fabb to showcase and market your business/service to the resident british community in all parts of florida.  find fabb’s member british businesses and professionals in florida listed on left menu of this website.  to ask how membership can bring you more customers + help your business grow,  email your query to  britishbusinessflorida@gmail.com  on subject line put  “fabb membership query.” or call [305] 450-1755 during florida business hours.

this website,  to serve florida’s large ex-pat british community,  was launched 1996 by publisher patricia kawaja, ex-londoner.
miami office : the british bureau of florida  [305] 450-1755. email queries to:   britishbusinessflorida@gmail.com 
publisher patricia kawaja.   

 

 

 

 



 


 


search







» us citizenship-apply» immigration attorney we recommend» property buy/rent/manage. british realtors in florida» british government in fl» travel over to uk or european cities.» british shops & tearooms across florida» clients + media page [uk-usa]» british publications +magazines+books by british authors» jobs for brits in florida» for visitors from uk : things to do and tips!» move to florida from uk….use fabb’s immigration + relocation services» british clubs - groups» financial services for brits + uk-usa tax advice +british accountants in florida» legal services for brits: uk-florida solicitors + attorneys» scottish in florida +scottish festivals +bagpipers for hire.» statistics:  how many brits in florida?» boats + boatshows + yachts + charters in florida +» watch uk tv in usa» art + art shows in miami





home
pubs across florida–where brits watch soccer + rugby
british cars car clubs
soccer in florida + david beckham’s miami mls team


  


















copyright © https://www.britishflorida.com  2013 - 2025 all rights reserved.
 
























