






 

alliance for affordable services


































































 







skip to content
































about us alliance news contact usalliance plansmember loginjoin now




 




×
about us alliance news contact usalliance plansmember loginjoin now













 













save with the alliance for affordable services.






individuals and small businesses can leverage our group buying power to save on health services, business discounts, personal savings and more.







join now


















the alliance for affordable services provides benefits that can help you, your family or your business.





















health and wellnessdiscounts and savings on your wellness needs.
 



















professional services
benefits and discounts to help your business grow.

 



















personal benefitssave on everyday expenses and enjoy travel discounts.
 



















educationscholarships and grant programs help members fund an education.
 




















the alliance has plans to fit your needs






find out more today










compare plans





















already a member? just signing up?






it's easy to access the information about your plan and your benefits online. just login to our online member portal.
member login
and we've made it easy for new members to get started right away.
new member set up your account here





























“












i love teladoc. my family uses it, it's great for things like poison ivy where you know you just need a prescription, you know what it is, and you don't need to see a doctor. the doctors are always great.

-sandra h., kansas




[business consultant advice line] gave us business advice that was enough knowledge at the time to avoid expensive appointments with specialists.

-ellyn s., indiana




for 2 years in a row now, my daughter has received a scholarship!! very grateful!!

-steven p., texas




the alliance offers benefits that far outweigh the minimal monthly payment. if every individual, family or small business does not have this program, then they should.

-richard w., california




i can't say enough about the teladoc benefit either... being able to talk to a doctor and send pictures to them of my injury saved me tons of money and also time. 

-wendy y., texas




i joined alliance when i saw that they will send a helicopter to wherever i am in the world. i had decided to go to peru by myself, and that made me feel more safe and secure. 

-patty h., florida


 









”





























why the alliance?






let our group purchasing power work for you.






since 1981, the alliance has been using its group buying power to provide businesses, individuals and families with affordable access to health, travel and education benefits.
alliance membership provides access to a variety of personal, professional and health care benefits that help members and their families save money. whether it's a medical emergency or preventive health care, travel discounts or legal services, alliance direct benefits can help you get the most for your money.
more about us









 






























since 1981, the alliance has been using its group buying power to provide businesses, individuals and families with affordable access to health, travel and education benefits.
alliance membership provides access to a variety of personal, professional and health care benefits that help members and their families save money.









links








plansbenefit listabout usalliance newsjoin










resources








alliance direct benefitsmember loginnew member setupcontact us










connect








stay in touch with alliance news.  


please enter your name.



please enter a valid email address.




subscribe



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.


































© 2025, alliance for affordable services  |  terms of service | privacy policy
memberships are offered and administered by alliance for affordable services, a nonprofit corporation formed under the laws of the district of columbia. these plans are not insurance and are not intended to replace existing insurance. alliance membership is not an insurance contract, and can include access to insured and non-insured benefits. benefits explained herein are offered at alliance's sole discretion; may vary by availability, package option, vendor, each member's state of residence; and may be subject to change. limitations and restrictions apply. vendors reserve the right to withdraw or change their offers without notice.









 
scroll to top














