



















































prisonpals — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































prisonpals
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














prisonpals







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
prisonpals

about
my journey thru the nv justice system


profile
prisonpals-a journey thru the nv justice system


page summary
 [#] may 27th, 2004:  almost the weekend.  [#] may 26, 2004:  [#] may 25, 2004-horrible  [#] may 24, 2004-lockdown is finally over  [#] a pic of my prison pal tiffany  [#] live from snwcc & ccdc  [#] it's now almost 4 months  [#] may 22nd.  locked down!!! wtf  [#] may 21st  [#] side note: 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


links
camdolliesjail cam girls gone wild


may 2005
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





may 27th, 2004:  almost the weekend.

may. 7th, 2005 @ 05:27 am 



wow i was the mail queen today.  somebody got on the wagon and motivate the hotties and mollies to write me.  i got like 7 letters today.  cards, drawings, clip art.  whohooooo.  it's about 10:30pm, i came to my bunk after getting the mail, making my final pot of coffee for the evening and settling in with a package of crackers from my canteen this week.
(2 comments | leave a comment)



may 26, 2004:

apr. 20th, 2005 @ 01:40 pm 



after yesterday i'm not sure how much of this i'll be able to keep. we can buy big brown envelopes and have postage taken off our books.  i think i'm going to put the 25 or so pages i've written and mail them to myself at miss lees.  i wrote spuddy today and sent him an orange butterfly i made in craft class.  kat got sentenced today, 18-24 months for possession and sale.  now she has to wait for the bus to take her away.  there are all kinds of rumors going on about how prison is.  hopefully i'll never find out. asia's grandmother wired money from hawaii so she could get bail.  her boyfriend went to the bailbonds man she picked out and guess what? seems she had jumped bail on him a few years before so he just kept the 400 and her ass is still in here.  she's due out june 12th anyway and that's about 3 weeks away so maybe now she'll buckle down and study.  she has great potential for a bbw cam girl as well but i'm not sure she has the stick-2-it to be able to stay in front of the cam.  there aren't very many fat asian girls and she could be a real niche.  today we played spades and kat made us a nice tamale. ok this is a jail house tamale:  bag of ramen, doritos crushed up finely.  she also made us a lemon cake.. which was a bag of dried oatmeal, 3 packs of cream cookies, package of lemonade all mixed up.  these are a welcome change trust me.  with my commisary yesterday, i got 2 bags of coffee because next week we dont' have it on monday due to the holiday.  well i donated some for coffee balls.. it's funny to see these girls "tweaking' after they eat the coffee balls.  i don't mind really because now i only drink a "pot" in the evening.  i just finished book number 56, some no name romance that i could just get lost in.  i've kited for clavell and saunders but nothing yet.  guess that's the same place my pagan stuff is.  i should really write erotic stories here and send them to tart to post on my blogs so they'll be up to date.  hopefully houssie sent some money to tart to renew everything. hell i may get out of here and have zip zero.  but i've been down before and started over again.  officer p should be coming soon with mail so i need to pretend to be sleeping.
(1 comment | leave a comment)



may 25, 2004-horrible

apr. 11th, 2005 @ 10:01 am 



so after 3 days of lockdown, most everyone was pretty chatty.  the 'sistahs' were back to 'doing hair" the white chicks love to wear braids and it passes the time and most of them get a least a bag of ramen out of it.  of course i don't want my hair braided but i do give this one chick, a nice older lady, 2 bags of ramen and a bag of chips weekly to mop out my condo daily.  she's happy and i'm happy.  what i'm not happy about is that they can all see up in my shit. so they know what i have and what i don't. anyway, it's like 1030pm now and i'm hiding on my bed. we had an inicident and i'm so freaked out by it that i might never come out of my condo again. we have 2 tv's.  unofficially they are designated the "movie" tv which is by where the hair gets braided and the tv-tv which there has to be a consensus of shows.  i've found that it is easier for me to shower in the early morning. we have free time from 7am-1030ish and if i get the shower between 730am-830am..i'm assured of semi privacy and hot water.  yeah for hot water.  bc left me 20 on my books so i got body shampoo and some lotion so i'm not so ashy.  anyway my new routine is this:  breakfast 4am-ish.  back to bed to read for a couple of hours. hate when i finish a book the night before and have nothing to read during this time.  sometimes i masturbate just to get back to sleep. good thing i'm the silent type.700am-freetime.. i make a "pot" of coffee and go sit at the front table and read the paper. this is until about oh 730-745am.  marie sometimes joins me and if kat isn't locked down she comes to but she usually doesn't rise until pill time at like 10. 8:00-830am-shower. i have to see who is lined up. most always i get the shower alone.. we have 4 stalls.  830am-900am-news on tv.. and chat with the co of the day.  i also use this time to prepare the ged lessons for asia..who is rapidly hanging with the sistahs.. not that its a problem.. but just kind of odd.  9:00-1100 i usually go to my bunk and read.. or write letters etc so they can go out in the noon mail.  11-1230 is lunch and lockdown clean up.  1pm-230pm-ged classes for asia and whoever else wants to sit in. 230pm-3pm-i walk usually and then go back to my condo to wait for dinner..4-7pm we have dinner after dinner is lockdown but we can go 2 per row at a time to the potty.. this is when i get my hot water for my "pot" of evening brew.  this is also share time and there is lots of singing and prison poetry and 'sharing' of lives.  officer nicholas asked if i'd share something on the value of education next week.  well i'm not such a good role model, eh? but i will and i told her i could do mock interviews for those seeking employement etc.  i mean why diminish my skills? 7p-930pm-10pm: cards with khat & kat & marie.  etc.. or dominos or something to amuse myself. oh and they do jail crafts.. kat makes pencil boxes.  so during this 4-7pm after dinner before evening hanging out time period there was an "inicident' tonight. now i'm not really sure what started this as i usually keep my head all the way down. but like a gopher i heard a noise close to me and popped my head up to see.. some newbie on aisle 3 was having withdrawal i guess. *thanking the goddess once again that i escaped heavy drugs tho i'd kill for a vikoden right now*.. one of other chicks called the co who happened to be office p.  she is prone to the word "24-hour lockdown" more than anyone i've seen so far in my 2.5 weeks here.  so officer p comes over to investigate and her form of investigation is to kick the bed. now this is a drug chick.  i found out why we are left in holding for like 10-48 hours. if we are high, it wears off. anyway.. this chick had just arrived a few hours before and was still in that sleep it off zone.  oye. no response.  officer p kicks the bed agian and calls the girls name.  no reponse.. so what does she do? gets out her taser and tasers her.  then throws back her head and laughs and says..i guess she's alive.  meanwhile this chick is writhing around now on the bed.  then she turns around to all of us near and says.. flat on your bunks now. which means we all have to lay down. well her back is to me.. and khat so we can see it's directly in front of khat.. officer p, pulls the girl out of the bed by her arm, and bodily drags her down the aisle to the front ..yes across the floor until she drops her on the carpet.  she has called for back up.. the girl is screaming cuz her arm is twisted and dangling.. probably broken.  i'm ducking with my head in a book.. i think they left with her in handcuffs and taken to medical i guess. then officer p says.. in a very loud voice.. that's what happens when you are on drugs.. you fall out of your bed and break your bones. never in my lifetime would i have thought in my little republican heart that we as a nation could be so cruel.  i mean pow's get treated better than this. (side note: abu grave had not happened yet i dont' think*) this chick was just sleeping off a high. not that that excuses her. just it wasn't necessary for the co to mishandle her.  as i stated earilier i may never leave my bunk again.
(1 comment | leave a comment)



may 24, 2004-lockdown is finally over

apr. 10th, 2005 @ 04:09 am 



omg this was the worst.  we've been locked down since saturday morning at 7am.  we did our "ling ling" exchange while on lockdown. oh did i talk about "ling ling" exchange? our reg night watchdog is a very nice lady from korea but she can't say linen. she calls it "ling ling".  one time a week we get to exchange our uniforms and sheets for new.  we get issued 2 sets of uniforms.  they are really these baggy blue pants and shirts.  2 bras, 7 panties, 4 sox, 2 towels, 2 sheets.  we keep our blankets.  not that the blankets are decent.  they are open weave blankets.  so this takes place every saturday.  in the 2 weeks i've been here i found out a few things.  #2 is make friends with the girls who work linen exchange otherwise i'll ge dirty towels and holey sheets.  blah.  but since i'm an old ho, they all have some respect for me.  kind of odd.  so on saturday they brought in the "new" chicks.  we have one newbie on our row who looks like she's been through hell and back.  kat says that she knows her from salvation army rehab but doesn't know why she looks so beaten up or why she is here.  i think tonight we are all playing spades and can find out.  the only other "odd" occurance that happened was one of the "regs" this cuban chick, who does the translating for most of spanish girls that are here was taken to the hole.  3 days before her release date.  i'm thinking she didn't want to be released because she'll have new charges now.  while we were in lockdown we got hourly potty breaks by row.  not, let me got hot water and make coffee, but *yelling*. you have 5 minutes to pee & shit. make it happen.  and by goddess they stuck with that 5 minutes.  anyway yesterday (sunday) afternoon, cecelia got up without permission, and went to the bathroom. now we are all in rows and then there is this long common area that is about 10ft wide that she had to cross to get to the bathroom.  i guess she thought she was invisible.  she gets 1/2 way across and office nicholas says: where do you think you are going? cecila replies, to the bathroom, no you aren't .yes i am.  it became a battle of wills that ended with cecilia on her knees taken down by a night stick and taser, 6 guards running in here, now she must weigh all of oh 140lbs. but it took 6 huge male officers to get her to her knees.  she had really super human strenght.  i found out later from kat that someone had received a letter and on this letter was coated with meth. so when they licked the page, they got high.  cecila ate the letter.  so i guess that was an effect of the meth.  again i say..thank goddess i never got caught up in the drug scene despite the easy availability of the ganja and coke.  oh the other odd occurance was that some chick who refused to get up for lunch was removed in handcuffs, it was an extremely "violent" weekend here.  i'm off to do my 22 laps=1 mile.  if nothing else i'll be fat & healthy.
(leave a comment)



a pic of my prison pal tiffany

mar. 27th, 2005 @ 04:33 pm 



tiffany turned 35 in prison on friday.  she called me having no one else to phone and was a bit depressed but there is hope at the end of the tunnel.  when she took her plea it was an alfred plea (like martha's) and she had a year to have the case reopened.  they now have adam, the guy she was with, in jail at ccdc *see post below*.  so they have no reason to keep her and are going to relook at her case given that she was abused and molested while in pioche prison. anyway here is a pic of my pal tiffany *yes i cut out her ex husband which is where he out to be  since he brought her here to vegas, became a crackhead and left her alone here with a 2 yr old child*.. her address is in the post below..drop her a line and tell her doc sent you.
(3 comments | leave a comment)


other entries


» live from snwcc & ccdc

seems i just can't bring myself to write this anymore and have really put it away and tried to move on but i'm still pals with a couple of my friends from jail and actually i'm the go between between them as they cannot write to each other directly.  so i'm going to, with their permission start posting their letters to each other, on here so at least tiffany can read it almost instantly.  yes in prison there is net access..limited but access.tiffany's story:  she was a very nice married woman in austin texas when her husband decided that they would all move to nv to be near his family who were/are quite wealthy.  they have a son, jon jr.  and moved here to vegas in around 1994. jon sr., after a few months of bumming around got a job in construction and was constantly gone. tiffany, a registered nurse, went to work for his father, a dr. here in vegas (now deceased).  both of them entered the burgeoning drug scene here in vegas and eventually jon sr. had a bad crack habit while tiffany developed an addiction to pain killers.  eventually his family had an 'intervention' and he was sent to rehab.  tiffany continued to work as a nurse and raise their son.  when sr. came out of rehab, decided he didn't want to be married to her anymore and started divorce proceedings. he sued for custody and was granted with the families' high powered attorney behind him.  he moved back to austin, leaving tiffany here with no family, no house and her job.  she still continued to work for his father but he soon retired and she moved on to another practice.  he died shortly after retirement and left her some property in pahrump which eventually i'm planning to turn into "uncle kirk's plumper palace" for house arrest hoes.  but i digress. when tiffany was 28 she met adam who was 19 at the time and they immediately clicked.  he was a brit living here in vegas as a tatoo artist and musician.  adam was also on probation for distribution of a controlled substance.  anyway.. they hooked up and after about a year, he violated his parole by going to visit his mother in idaho without his po's permission and was sent to prison for 2 years.  tiffany had kicked her dependency on lor-tabs and was moving on up the nursing chain to head charge nurse. she met and started dating a guy who's name i don't know but is always referred to as "the shit head".  1/2 hawaiian and 1/2 jamaican (i think this is why tiff and i get along so well), she was introduced to the upscale world of high end stip clubs like sapphires and jaguars as well as parties at the bellagio and the palms.  all the while staying in communication with adam.  however he was very controlling and wanted her to quit her job and work with him.  having been down that road with jon sr. and having filed new papers to get jon jr. back, she refused and they broke up. last january (2004) adam got out of indian springs and returned to vegas.  he hooked back up with tiffany and she let him move in with her after a couple of weeks.  i'm not sure if was that young strong hard dick or just that she was so comfortable with him but whatever the reason they were reunited.  he got permission to go visit his mother in boise for 3 weeks and tiffany took off from work to go with him.  he rented a u-haul truck to move some of his mother's stuff up for her out of the storage unit it'd been in since she'd moved from vegas about 6 years before while he was still in high school.  tiffany worked that morning and he picked her up at work with the truck loaded.  they got as far as pioche before stopping for the night.. of course if this was boobsie or i we'd of run on through till we got to our destination but hey that's just us. the next day as they were leaving the motel, adam backed into a parked car and the police came.  he had his travel papers and his license but they made him open the back of the truck anyway and they found the ingredents for a mobile meth lab.  they also found a gun registered to his mother underneath tiffany's seat.  even tho adam swore that tiffany knew nothing about it, they arrested both of them but released adam about 2 weeks later because he had kidney stones and had to go to the hospital in las vegas.  well he jumped bail and they held on to tiff since they didn't have adam.  when she arrived at clark county detention where i met her, she looked like she'd been in a saturday night fight.  she had both eyes blackened.  bruises everywhere and big chunks of her hair were pulled out.  she was there awaiting transfer to southern nevada women's correctional facility at smiley road in here in lv.  since she'd been incarcerated since march 26th, and it was now may 28th or so, how did she get beaten up? well it seems that she's been denied due process.  she was held in pioche with no access to mail, to a phone except at 2am in the morning so she couldn't call her attorney.  her mail was opened and read and letters she sent out were destroyed. since very few women were long term in pioche, she was given her own private cell with a window into the guard's office. this means she had zero privacy.  her court appointed attorney told her to take an "alfred" plea which just means that she is pleaing to move her case forward.. rather than delay.  the day they were to transport her to las vegas on her way to smiley road, she woke up to find the night guard who awakened her daily by tickling her, on top of her with his exposed dick between her thighs.  when she started to scream, he punched her and pulled her hair until there was so much noise, that another officer came and pulled him off of her.  when she was picked up to be transported, the 2 officers from las vegas questioned her at length.  and took pictures of everythign.  she is now serving 4-10 in snwcc but is hoping to have her case expunged now that adam has turned himself in and is pleading guilty to the same charges.  the guard who jumped her has been fired, the county sheriff her harrassed her nightly has resigned.  if you like to drop tiffany a line here is her current address: tiffany wellssnwcc#821464370 smiley roadlas vegas, nv 89115cards are nice, letters are nice and i'm sure she'd be happy to hear from anyone.
mar. 4th, 2005 @ 06:34 pm

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» it's now almost 4 months

since i was released. i've been working since august but now have started a new direction.  the 'gag' order expired on the 3rd of nov, so i intend to now take my entire story to the press.  but instead of bolting this country like i first wanted to, i intend to stay, fight on, and make those negative narrow minded people realize karma is a bitch...
nov. 6th, 2004 @ 06:27 pm

(leave a comment)

» may 22nd.  locked down!!! wtf

so this morning i'm happily sleeping away..and somewhere in my dreamstate i hear:  this facility is locked down until further notice.  lockdown! no free time, no cards, no talking, no potty breaks on demand, we cannot leave our bunk area *about 8'x4'* and we are having to sit in virtual silence.  why? because today is a training day.. so they are afraid if there is an "issue" hordes of peeps won't be able to come rushing in and slam that person to the floor..as if they have somewhere to go.. *rolling eyes*.so here we fucking sit.. and i finished my 2nd book this morning after breakfast so i don't even have anything to read.  asia (4k53) is moaning about her man not visiting her last night and she has no $$ on her books, she's hungry, she doesn't even have paper.  bj (4k45) our pinky cutie who i hope becomes a cam ho (i gave her julie's email addy) is incessently yakking about her out date.. and is she or isn't she.  even tho we aren't supposed to run our fucking mouths she is gonna get us all in a 24 hr lock down if she doesn't shut the fuck up.  and the hummer is making me nuts.. i want to slap her ass silly (see some other entry on the hummer).  thank goddess she goes to court on tuesday maybe her ass will be out of here.  we got a new cellie at the end of the row, carmen, who looks like an earth goddess.  she is pals with alisha (4k52) who is going to prison in a few weeks for drugs.  alisha has no one to help her on the outside, totally alone, has found god while in here and is very quiet, keeps to herself and doesn't get into that "sistah" crap. she's the one i give my cake too and she gives me her fruit.  she's pregnant.. so she'll gain a few pounds off the cake and i'll prevent scurvy on this all carb diet.  anyway carmen is a diabetic.. and can't order any food off the list, so she had money sent to alisha..and bam..alisha got all this candy etc for her.. and got to order herself some stuff as well.  carmen has been here 2 days and is already in a 24hr lockdown for playing cards during our nightly lockdown.  i really fail to see why it is necessary for everyone to be totally silent.  its time for lunch.. and i need to sneak my books back and grab a new one on the way back from lunch. probably fried bologna and tasteless potato salad .. caio.. chow.. for now
sep. 29th, 2004 @ 08:40 am

(leave a comment)

» may 21st

well today was an odd day.  i think that any little diviation from the rote routine is notable just because its not the same.  we have a new cellie in bed 55 named lisa (i could just throw up saying that name because of the fucking furby).  are all of them 1/2 cracked?? i mean lisa simpson seems to be all there, most of the time.  khat (4k46) and i have dubbed her the "hummer" as she hums all night long while sleeping.  apparently this is a trait of extended drug usage.  she, the hummer, also knows one of the greedy 6, who occupy the 1st 1/2 of our row, so she constantly yells "kim" "kim" to her best pal.  even during lockdown where we are supposed to be on our bunks and talking silently, if at all, she still manages to yell.."kim" kim.. she also snores and hums and hums and snores. so today we have 2 new trainees along with a babysitter who is the jail house equivilent of swat.  she has popeye-arms.  i swear i keep waiting for a can of spinich to come out and for her to chase one of these fem-biatches up and down the aisle calling her "olive".  anyway the 2 newbies were just out of school and were exactly by the book.  so they did bunk inspections.  now the rule is, anything that is not in its original form, is contraband.  depending on the severity of the contraband, you can get a 24-hr lockdown etc or if it is really bad you go to *insert drumroll here, julie*, the hole!! so for example the container that the cheese comes in is a small plastic holder which i put coffee and hot chocolate in (to extend my coffee).  i have found that i can, at dinner, come back to my bunk with a 1/2 cup of milk, make me a "pot" of coffee during our 4-7pm break and be ready to play cards from 7-11pm.  of course this is why i'm usually up writing at 2am as well.  but my little container is contraband since it no longer holds cheese.  i also have my bracelet from the rjc where my picture, i must say, was fabu!! in my very past life japaneese fashion i've decided to compartmentalize my real feelings, lock them away, as i certainly do not want to become morose while i'm here. after all, the very most it could last is 12 months if they reimpose my sentence, if they give me zero credit for time served and if i have to have a public defender which i'm hoping i don't.wait.. i digressed didn't i???? shit!! locked up not even a month and there goes my goodhead!! anyway..so down aisle one goes the 2 newbies, shaking down the bunks.  we are on row 4.  so now i have to determine whether it is necessary for me to put my little container in pants (remember i wear no bra) or should i just risk it?  fifi (4k61) says to put it in my crackerbox.  actually i could do that and the very worst that could happen is they find it, throw it away and i get a 24. ok i'm here 2 weeks and haven't had one yet, so i guess its worth it. otherwise i have to try to mix it all in my water bottle (also a no no, but hell a woman has to have a pot to brew in).  so i put it in my cracker box, stuck a 1/3 pack of crackers on top of it.. so if they just "look" they won't see it, and stuck it back into my cabinet.  oh we have  no locks on our cabinets so i use a pencil to keep it closed.  they finally reach our aisle, are going along with inspections.  they get to me, i have to step out.. you know my heart is pounding cuz i've got a "secret".  i see their plastic bag is filled with coke bottles with kool-aid in them, plastic cheese and grease containers, homemade calandars, homemade artwork (butterflys with plastic feelers), mini garbage cans made from weekly commissary bootay, plastic pen holders with pencils stuck in the top, home made (read prison) photo frames etc.  so they open my cabinet..i figure i'm done for.  start pulling out my spare towels, sox etc.. just as she gets to my very neatly stacked food, theresa (4k31) starts an asthma attack and they have to call a code for her.  ha ha ha.. saved by the cougher.  oh well at least it offered a divesion from the same old boring bullshit that takes place, tho watching a druggy throw their guts up isn't a picture i'd like to store in my memory bank.  if you are reading this at some later date, do what carroll o'connor says, do whatever it takes to keep your children, your spouse, your friends off drugs.  it is an ugly ugly ugly sight!!
sep. 27th, 2004 @ 02:25 am

(leave a comment)

» side note:

some of the journal entries are locked due to content.  if you want to be able to read them, you must get a live journal addy and then request to be added to my friends list.  as my 'stretch' gets longer the post get very graphic and quite frankly a bit offensive.  when one of those comes along its locked to friends and family.  especially the few involving the very mistaken chick who wanted to make me her bitch!!  hit me on dividedsouls@yahoo.com and i'll authorize you to be added to my friends list here.  peace love joy and happiness..i'm so happy to be able to be able to celebrate autumn equinox.dhg
sep. 21st, 2004 @ 11:30 pm

(leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























