


avenue 12 design






















 page loading...
      

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 toggle navigation    
avenue twelve 


home
services
portfolio
team
why us
testimonials
contacts













avenue 12 design
creative solutions for the web and print
free quote 





web site design
creativity is what makes our site designs successful
contact a12 





dynamic programming
solutions for acquiring, managing, & presenting enterprise information
read more 








      






services

 
  
          modern design avenue 12  is dedicated in generating original creative solutions that bring results. 

 
  
          responsive themesleek, intuitive & powerful mobile first front-end framework for better web development.
 
  
          customer care  more than just design services, we take the time to understand our customers' needs. 
 
  
          worldwide reach  we offer a 360° perspective on how every one of your brand elements can work together.





ideas

 all
    


 all
branding
packaging
design
photography
web




 
 

  expand pro cappers 

 

  
 
 

  expand pacific chai 

 

  
 
 

  expand kawa movement center 

 

  
 
 

  expand the ballantine company 

 

  
 
 

  expand total impact wear 

 

  
 
 

  expand logos and branding 

 

  
 
 

  expand jimenez & pacheco 

 

  
 
 

  expand bg sports 

 

  
 
 

  expand reinhold & asociados 

 

  
 
 

  expand first nations automotive 

 

  
 
 

  expand sound advyce 

 

  
 
 

  expand sports-pick 

 

  







avenue twelve design

 




internet
bootstrap, html5, css3, seo, and more.

 




design
 photoshop, illustrator, indesign, and more.

 




coding
 php, jquery, mysql, js, and more.  






avenue twelve design
 



avenue 12 design is dedicated in generating original, creative solutions, ideas and images that bring results, and communicate your business with clarity and impact. 

we provides a full range of commercial graphic design and professional web services, from business identity packages to database driven site development, maintenance, marketing, site submissions and all things creative. 

we do more than just sell graphic design services... we take the time to understand our customers' needs and in partnership, agree how our range of complimentary design solutions can best deliver those goals. in short, we build unique processes by working together to improve the performance of our customers' marketing and communication strategies and at competitive rates that provides unmatched value for money.

we have an experienced and highly qualified project team who are both creative and technically qualified in order to fulfil your design, illustration, technical, image sourcing and if required, editorial requirements. whatever your objectives, we can provide you with a unique, value for money, creative design solution that will exceed your goals.

together, we offer a 360° perspective on how every one of your brand elements can work together. and connect with your customers.

we work extremely hard at building relationships, enabling us to determine the specific needs and objectives of our customers. by listening and learning, we believe that we provide unique and creative solutions for both the web and print. all of our services are completely guaranteed. we won't quit until your happy!











get in touch with a12
we strive to deliver a level of service that exceeds the expectations of our customers.

if you have any questions about our products or services, please do not hesitate to contact us.


  the whole world
 avenue12design@gmail.com 


















 first class graphic artist. i'm extremely happy with the results of this first project and will definetly work with you again.
philip stein, president, youth writing program, llc.

 i was impressed with the site, and we have gotten a lot of compliments. there was a lot of creativity used that we did not know enough to ask for. i already have recommended his services and this site to many other people
angela dasilva, president, national black tourism network 

 wow! i'm starting to regret that i ever used any other designer! i'm serious. you do great work fast!
larry ullman, president, com-insights.com

 very very satisfied with all the completed projects. all around, very helpful and professional. will work with again.
jeff krewson, president, total impact wear

very helpful and professional! was able to produce concepts very quickly. would definitely work with again.
matt cadett, president, v.g.productions

 great work, great guy!
kathy tarbox, the saponifier magazine, petal pusher press

 i was just saying what a pleasure it is to know somebody with integrity on the net. you were the prime example!
 james mccaig & rosanna martella. art carpet inc.

 great work, and they helped me so very much. thanks again!
natalie rogers, author, the new talk power.

 perfect! thanks again.
bill mcspadden, president, pacific chai








copyright © avenue 12 design. all rights reserved.





