







home page - new forest pony & cattle breeding


























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer

holders of stud book of origin

new forest pony & cattle breedingnew forest pony & cattle breeding

01425 672775
home
news & events

2025 calendar dates
2024 calendar dates
show results 2024

show results 2023


latest news


about the breed/showing/judges

history of the new forest pony
new forest pony showing rules
breed standard of the new forest pony
judges 2025
new forest judges scheme


membership,registrations,forms,shop

forms
society rules
membership
complaints,drug testing,welfare,safeguarding policies
registration/passports/export guidelines

download/purchase passports

new registrations/passports/prefix
transfers, upgrades, duplicates or basic passports and microchip added form




performance pony competition


performance & grading

new forest pony elite scheme
inspection  results
futurity scheme
forest fed details
annual performance pony competition
performance grades


breeding

studbook online
breeding programme document
pssm

2021 pssm update


stallion licensing

further information


forestrun stallions


annual breed show

annual breed show 2024


contact us
gallery
home page



1

stallions in their grazing

❮
❯




about the new forest pony>the new forest pony is a recognised british isles breed but has an unusual background for a native pony breed. the earliest record of horses in the new forest dates back to 1016 when rights of common pasture were granted to the people living in what was a royal hunting ground. since then, either as specific attempts to improve the breed or just as part of the normal life and trade in the new forest, many outside breeds were introduced. notable blood lines were welsh, thoroughbred, arab and hackney. later, another concerted effort was made to improve the new forest blood and other british isles pony blood-lines were introduced to achieve this, including fell ponies, dales, highlands, dartmoor and exmoor.
learn more about membership

new forest pony registration documents and passportsthe new forest pony breeding & cattle society is the breed society and holders of the … find out more about new forest pony registration documents and passports
performance pony of the year competition 2024congratulations... 1st (points 685) silverlea sweet dreams (m59/135)sire: thatchers dun … read more... about performance pony of the year competition 2024
 
new forest pony publications
we have a range of books and dvds available to buy online.
shop now 


 register your pony
registration increases the value of your pony, makes it more marketable and opens the door to many local, regional and national activities available to registered ponies. the nfpb&cs is the official breed society and holders of the new forest pony stud book.
we assess eligibility of new forest ponies for inclusion within the pure bred or part bred registers, and issue passports accordingly.
more info…



footerinformation
terms & conditions
privacy policy
social media & internet policy
council members
committee members




news & events
performance pony of the year competition 2024congratulations to the northern new forest pony supporters group points competition winners…news from north america (nfpsna)an appreciation post for buddie mostly…but for the breed as well!talulla & ronnie…
society clothing
clothing with society logo can now be ordered direct from the suppliers. you have the choice of having the full logo-with the pony  or just the text. several colours available. more lines will be added as requested.
visit store


contact details
new forest pony breeding & cattle society
deepslade house,
ringwood rd,
bransgore,
hampshire bh23 8aa.
tel/fax: 01425 672775
email us: info (at) newforestpony (dot) com
acting chairman of council
dawnwinship
society secretary
jenni cavanna
society treasurer
kathy clarke


© 2025 · new forest pony & cattle breeding society, all rights reserved · charity reg no 1064746 · ltd company no 03421046
· developed by seemore graphics 














