










visual cruising guide - welcome
































						tuesday, 18 february 2025					


about usproductsadvertiseguide gallery





































homehome pageproductsand servicesproductsbuy guides!yacht brokerageyacht classifiedsadvertiseyour ad in vcg!advertising informationrate carddownloadable pdfad info request formabout usabout the vcgguide galleryview our guides onlinecontactcontact vcgmember loginlogin or registerregister

































 



 



 
































west coast florida
 


south east florida
 



pompano & the palm beaches
 



miami to fort lauderdale
 
 



fort lauderdale
 



florida keys
 



southern california
 



northern california
 



fish guide
 
















































we make easy to use visual guides that provide boaters with a wealth of information at a glance. our guides cover the most popular waterways throughout florida, california,and the bahamas. we are also currently expanding our operation to include all major waterways and coastlines throughout the continental united states, hawaii, europe and australia.

our guides are extremely user friendly and since they are put together in a rugged waterproof spiral bound format (they even float!), boaters no longer have to endure the inconvenience of wrestling in the wind with overcomplicated fold out paper charts that tear and can be ruined by water. navigating with the visual cruising guide is as simple as flipping to the page of your desired destination. simply stated, it is the boaters guide to everything!

the visual cruising guide is superior to any other guide or chart on the market not only because of its easy to use ‘at a glance’ full color format, but because we are able to provide you with the most current information available. this is possible because we physically update the government data that most other charts and guide books simply reprint and sell.

included in every edition of our easy to read guides, the boater will find useful information such as color coded speed zones, locations for restrooms, hospitals, fuel docks, buoy markers, depth data, dive sites, wreck locations, boat ramps, marinas and fishing sites and much more! we even show manatee protection zones and wildlife sanctuaries. each guide also includes a full color fish identification page complete with slot regulations. all information is laid out in a plain and easy to understand format. we’ve marked all the waypoints for you so you’ll never have to wonder where something is located or how fast you will need to go to get there. the visual cruising guide will steer you to clear sailing every time!



go charts marine llc., the publisher and creator of v.c.g navigation, was established in 2000 in ft lauderdale, florida (the venice of america) and now supplies a wide variety of consumer & commercial charts for gps navigation and mapping for national & international boating destinations.

go charts marine's first unique product was its affordable waterproof floating guide book which was designed to show geographically referenced information collected by our team and organized into a unique format called the visual cruising guide. we supply our customers with the opportunity to purchase advertising throughout each guide as well as space online and we also provide the option for them to use our gis data for their own gps or pc.

we believe that the best products are delivered to customers by working closely with both the end-users and marine businesses alike. consequently, the visual cruising guide enjoys a nationwide reputation as an excellent provider of charts and software with an innovative gps application.

the visual cruising guide is a unique product that is packed with a wide variety of useful information. it is also an excellent advertising vehicle. whether used to cruise the open ocean, navigate a river, or hike a new trail, it is an invaluable source of information which allows users to mark their routes, and program their gps units. it is a valuable tool for recreational boaters, marine businesses, yacht owners, kayakers, scuba divers, fishermen, travelers, cruisers and snorkeling enthusiasts alike.

the visual cruising guide is a platform reaching a qualified demographic. industry statistics for the united states market indicates a total in 2007 retail sales to be $25,593,409,000 consisting of new/used boats, motors, trailers, accessories, dive gear, and navigational charts. as of december 31, 2007 some 14,782,143 boats were registered throughout the united states, including its territories, with an estimated 69,486,000 u.s. citizens participating in recreational boating. the visual cruising guide contains all the information boaters and consumers need to know to enjoy their time on and off the water safely.



coastal population explosion and unprecedented waterway boating intensities are stressing many of our nations water bodies (nordheimer 2003). fifty-four percent of the u.s. population (135.1 million in 2001) lives in the coastal zone (u.s. bureau of census 2004). while population growth along our coasts has increased slightly above the overall u.s. growth rate since 1960, regions such as the gulf coast have experienced double the national rate of change. florida's coastal population has increased 242 percent, from 4.9 to 16.4 million, four times the national rate. as a result, many inland bay waters in florida have been transformed into “urban seas.”

recreational boaters and eco-tourists now use thousands of miles of channels and basins that were originally dredged as by-products of coastal development. these waterways were never designed as a transportation system and since many postdate the latest nos hydrographic surveys, they do not even appear on noaa small-craft charts (antonini, fann, and roat 2001). this is why the v.c.g navigation has been updating government data due the constant shoaling happening in our nation’s waterways daily and lack of current government data. state and local governments in florida recognize the need to retrofit the thousands-of-miles of dredged channels into an integrated waterway transportation system consisting of arterial, secondary, and feeder canals, and basins. this approach is necessary to address boat traffic management issues and to reduce stress on surrounding natural habitats and waterfront communities.
welcome to the visual cruising guide!
we make easy to use visual guides that provide boaters with a wealth of information at a glance. our guides cover the most popular waterways throughout florida, california,and the bahamas. we are also currently expanding our operation to include all major waterways and coastlines throughout the continental united states, hawaii, europe and australia.

our guides are extremely user friendly! they are put together in a rugged waterproof spiral bound format (they even float!), boaters no longer have to endure the inconvenience of wrestling in the wind with overcomplicated fold out paper charts that tear and can be ruined by water. navigating with the visual cruising guide is as simple as flipping to the page of your desired destination. simply stated, it is the boaters guide to everything!

the visual cruising guide is superior to any other guide or chart on the market not only because of its easy to use ‘at a glance’ full color format, but because we are able to provide you with the most current information available. this is possible because we physically update the government data that most other charts and guide books simply reprint and sell.

included in every edition of our easy to read guides, the boater will find useful information such as color coded speed zones, locations for restrooms, hospitals, fuel docks, buoy markers, depth data, dive sites, wreck locations, boat ramps, marinas and fishing sites and much more! we even show manatee protection zones and wildlife sanctuaries. each guide also includes a full color fish identification page complete with slot regulations. all information is laid out in a plain and easy to understand format. we’ve marked all the waypoints for you so you’ll never have to wonder where something is located or how fast you will need to go to get there. the visual cruising guide will steer you to clear sailing every time!













yacht brokerage!









				a fully featured yacht classified brokerage system!
take a look... 

















 














































 










sign up to become a member now and recieve free boat listings!




























































bass pro shops



florida fish & wildlife



marine industries association



noaa



weather channel



army corps of engineers





 















about usproductsadvertiseguide gallerycopyright © 2009 go charts marine llc
							















