















 

hideaway pizza | your family pizza destination!
































skip to main content



            hideaway pizza | since 1957
        



locations



 
menu



 


careers



 
about
        








about

                





news and awards





history





contact us





donations





catering





 

pizza
                order online
            


pizza
            order online
        

menu
close













since 1957


 
                                order online
                        






menu
select an item below










starters










salads










specialty pizzas










sandwiches










baked pastas










desserts










build your own pizza












menu_book
                view full menu
        
 































 
 


our locations

featured locations:

plano
bartlesville
mckinney





at any hideaway pizza, you’ll find the perfect ingredients for a great time.  from norman to north little rock, our team members are serving up a unique and vibrant experience that's anything but stiff. so whether you're out with the family, your friends, your better half, or just your own hungry self, we have you covered. come find your hideaway, and be a pizz-a the party! 


kahuna crosses the red river! this will be one of our largest locations yet, complete with two full bars and a rooftop patio! located at 121 & preston, we're excited to bring world-famous pizza to texas!


opened may 27th, 2014. the bartlesville hideaway pizza is located on the corner of johnstone and frank phillips blvd. in downtown bartlesville, across from the conoco-phillips headquarters. on the ground floor in the historic 100+ year old johnstone-sare building. we offer bartlesville’s best pizza, craft beer, and a full bar. we also open early for all you early birds!


this will be one of our largest locations yet, complete with two full bars and a rooftop patio! we're excited to bring world-famous pizza to texas!





distance
                find your hideaway
        
 
 





our pizza
we take our food very seriously, we’re real pizza, not the latest ‘foo foo’ trend. no duck pâté or crushed almonds here. we stay unapologetically loyal to our tried-and-true recipes. our dough rises for at least three days. why? because it all starts with making the best crust possible. our classic red sauce is slow simmered for maximum flavor. every creation has history in the baking, but we’re also happy to customize orders that are tailor made to your taste buds.  








 
 
 
 















careers
wanna make the best pizza with the best people? you’re at the right doughmain. hideaway not only has a fierce dedication to guests, but an equally strong commitment to our team members. if you’re ready to treat people right and have a little fun (and, of course, make some dough), hideaway pizza is the place for you.

groups
                                    join our team
                            










merchandise
“kahuna” merch’s to his own beat. get your hands on one of our iconic tie-dyed tees or one of our unique tie-dye kites that touch the sky. you can also dive into the excitement with the exclusive 80s board game pente, all while sipping from our famous hideaway to-go cups. check out our online store today!

shopping_bag
                                    rep the kahuna
                            










get in touch
give us a pizza your mind. really, we want your thoughts. so let us know what you think about our pizza, service, website—anything. a member of our management team may even contact you to get the whole 411. we’re ready to hear from you, and always here to serve.

mail
                                    contact now
                            




jump to top





menu
locations
careers
merchandise
e-gift cards
gift card balance
donations
contact











                            hideaway on instagram
                        



                            hideaway on facebook
                        



                            hideaway on twitter
                        



                            hideaway on youtube
                        



sign up for our newsletter

first name *last name *email address *sign up



© 2023 hideaway-2, inc.
all rights reserved


                     privacy policy
                    

site by
                    
                        leadline marketing
                    














hello from the kahuna fam!hideaway pizza was founded in 1957 by richard "the big kahuna" dermer and his wife, marti, with the first location in stillwater—famously near oklahoma state university. little annie fanny, a '60s era cartoon, was on one of the collage walls in the original building on west third street. one particular strip had annie saying, "leapin' lizards, it's the big kahuna!from that cartoon, employees started calling dermer the big kahuna.

close





