



forest pathology | diseases of forest and shade trees



































skip to content 






forest pathology
diseases of forest and shade trees
 




  
menu 
disease types

disease types
abiotic diseases

abiotic diseases
air pollutants
herbicide damage
sunburn and sunscald
frost and winter injury
salt and nutrient deficiency
mechanical and animal injury
wind and water


cankers

cankers
beech bark disease
butternut canker
chestnut blight
alder heat canker
cytospora cankers
salt-and-pepper canker
pitch canker
some target cankers
sooty-bark disease of maple
sudden oak death
thousand cankers disease


bacterial/viral diseases

bacterial and viral diseases
wetwood


foliage diseases

foliage diseases
ash dieback
swiss needle cast
powdery mildew of flowering pear


decline diseases
parasitic plants

parasitic plants
true mistletoes
dwarf mistletoe
dwarf mistletoe ecology
dwarf mistletoe damage


root diseases

root diseases
big white pocket rot
red root rot
armillaria root disease
black-stain root disease
laminated root rot
port-orford cedar root disease
root diseases caused by heterobasidion species


stem decays

stem decays: general

stem decays
growth rate
epidemiology and management


red ring rot
bleeding stereums


rusts

rusts
incense cedar rust
white pine blister rust


vascular wilts

vascular wilts
oak wilt
black-stain root disease




general topics

what is a tree disease
fungi
names of diseases and pathogens
diseases and forest ecology
wood decay

wood decay
important wood decays


important books and papers
groups/links


hazard trees

hazard trees
defects
evaluation systems
inspection
management programs
mitigation
hazard tree prevention


about

about this site
about the author


blog
fora
 









forest pathology is the study of tree diseases, both in forests and in planted landscapes in developed areas (amenity plantings). in this web site, we cover major diseases of trees, considering their causes (etiology), factors that affect their spread and intensification (epidemiology), ecological and economic impacts, and management.
forest pathology is an awesome field because it allows you to get into everything from molecular biology to climate change, including mycology, soils, plant anatomy and physiology, biochemistry, meteorology, silviculture, forest ecology, and more.  if you like trees (and who doesn’t?), you’ll love forest pathology!
many forest pathologists play the roles of forest physician and coroner.  figuring out why trees are sick or die has all the intrigue of detective work — look for clues, gather evidence, make the creative insight!
cartoon courtesy of ryan hart, state university of new york ranger school ’95.
if you are going to spend time learning forest pathology, you should have some reason to think it is important. consider some of the following aspects:

the economic losses from tree diseases have been estimated to be higher than those from insects and fire combined.
the composition, structure and dynamics of plant communities are often determined in part by diseases.
some diseases play a role in creating suitable habitats and nesting sites for wildlife.
issues such as forest declines and forest health are inextricably tied to forest diseases.





awards




featured innetwatch



















 








user info registration is needed only to post in the fora and blog.loginregister

upcoming meetingseuropean foundation for plant pathology, 14th conference2025 june 2 - 2025 june 5uppsala, swedenmore info8th international workshop on resistance mechanisms and breeding in forest trees2025 june 2 - 2025 june 6vernon, british columbia, canada
sponsored by the international union of forest research organizations, working parties 7.03.11 “tree resistance to insects and pathogens” and 2.02.15 “breeding and genetic resources of five-needle pines”.
mycological society of america2025 june 29 - 2025 july 2madison, wisconsin, usamore info
2025 msa annual meeting – fungal futures: cultivating mycology and mycologists
southern forest health work conference2025 july 15 - 2025 july 17hyatt regency tulsa downtown, tulsa, oklahoma usamore info
the 64th annual southern forest health work conference (sfhwc) will be held 15-17 july 2025 (tuesday – thursday).  make hotel reservation as soon as possible. there is a block of 70 rooms (monday and thursday nights), 90 rooms (tuesday night), and 85 rooms (wednesday night) set aside for the group until june 23, 2025, so make your reservations by this date. 


recent posts
silver-leaf disease: an epidemic in northern birch
a new hope
impacts from northwest heat wave
the sinner’s tree diseases
porodaedalea in north america
recent forum postsresearch/faculty positionsby humpty dumptyassistant professor, forest health & restoration, utah state u … read more3 months agodisease management positionsby humpty dumptyforest health forester, alaska division of forestry & fire pro … read more4 months agodonate via paypalyour support is used to defray expenses such as web hosting and software.















 







					© 2025 forestpathology.org | powered by generatepress				


















