



homepage - cdls world





















































































































































 









learn about cdls

news


meet us


events




log in  


 sign up



en








english








dansk








deutsch








español








français








italiano








nederlands








polski








português








עברית






  



 








cdls-world

a place to see, talk, learn and share !


toggle the horizontal menu.




why sign up? our dream world conference... 













































waihonapedia support page


homepage


   


 



find your answer!






search





extensive knowledge about cornelia de lange syndrome is collected on this platform. use the search function to access research, articles, and stories.


need help, new here?
new here? feeling overwhelmed? start from the beginning, and we’ll guide you step by step through cdls.

read...

















gerritjan koekkoek
the way to happiness for people like rai is through education and knowledge of the people directly around him.










raoul hennekam
above all, share information and experiences with each other. everyone has a little information and all these little bits become a wealth of information. hugely valuable.










sylvia huisman
on the importance of learned experience knowledge, difficult to put into words










paul mulder
for me, it is also very instructive to read the experience stories of parents and the input of other experts. it broadens and sharpens your thinking and your actions.







previous



next







 
information
cdls?
understanding your child's condition is crucial! what is cdls? how is it inherited? what are the best approaches? we provide all the information you need.
read...






 
experience stories
discover and share stories
welcome to the world of cdls. it’s a long journey, sometimes dark and confusing, but often filled with joy and light. writing helps to process.
read...






 
meetings
connect with others
meet others like you. we organize regular (online) meetups and have active facebook groups for different regions and themes.
read...






 
ask the expert
ask our experts
we all have questions on the care and wellbeing of our loved ones with cdls. search the questions others have asked before. no question is too big or too small to ask.
read...






 
our vision
the dream for our communitywith the cornelia de lange world federation we have a dream. to share our dream with you in order to convince you to join us we made this video to show you what seeing, talking, learning and sharing is about.

our community worldwide


our friends



your national group


cdls foundation uk and ireland
 


canadian cdls foundation
 


the cornelia de lange syndrome (cdls) foundation usa
 


the cornelia de lange syndrome association (australasia) inc (cdlsa)
 


cornelia de lange foreningen
 


asociación española síndrome de cornelia de lange (aescdl)
 


(cdls) האגודה הישראלית תסמונת קורנליה דה לנגה 
 


arbeitskreis cornelia de lange syndrom e.v. 
 


comunidad argentina del sindrome cornelia de lange
 


associação brasileira síndrome cornélia de lange
 


ass. naz. di volontariato cornelia de lange onlus
 


rarissimas - associação nacional de deficiências mentais e raras
 


vereniging cornelia de lange syndroom
 


association française du syndrome de cornelia de lange
 


stowarzyszenie dzieci i rodzin cornelia de lange syndrom (cdls) w polsce
 


fundación cdls colombia
 


read more

network of expertise cornelia de lange syndrome


international scientific advisory council (sac)


cerebra network for neurodevelopmental disorders


university of birmingham


mrc human genetics unit, edinburgh


read more



   


 on this site






learn about cdls

news


meet us


events



 take part
why sign up? our dream world conference...         






 0







about the website contents all of the information on this website is for education purposes only. the place to get specific medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment is your doctor. use of this site is strictly at your own risk. if you find something that you think needs correction or clarification, please let us know at: send a email: info@cdlsworld.org




 


 















the world federation of cdls support
info@cdlsworld.org



latest news

join us for international cdls remembrance day 
resolution for people living with a rare disease adopted by the united nations
2021 cdls-day latino challenge
the rare 2030 young citizens ask...
an open letter to the special needs sibling
promotion of paul mulder


useful links








partners for our communities





























the content on this website (wiki) is licensed under a creative commons 2.0 license
powered by waihonapedia 2023: xwiki 15.10.14 - documentation






