


mozambique hotels, accommodation and places to stay. guide to where to visit and where to stay in mozambique.










welcome to mozambique
travel, holiday hotel & accommodation guide to mozambique
mozambique is a hidden gem on the indian ocean coast of east africa. 
        the capital of mozambique is maputo 
        in the south, with quaint inhaca 
        island just a short flight from maputo. 
        further north are tofo 
        and barra 
        excellent locations for diving 
        holidays and family holidays. the peaceful bazaruto 
        and benguerra 
        islands lie off the coast from vilanculos 
        while in the far north is the exclusive quirimbas 
        archipelago with islands such as quilalea, 
        ibo, 
        matemo 
        and vamizi 
        off the mainland from pemba. 
        
        mozambique is a perfect place for a honeymoon, 
        diving holiday, 
        family holiday or just to escape from the modern world. try snorkelling 
        with whale sharks, a dhow cruise at sunset, swimming 
        with dolphins, diving 
        with manta rays, stroll along the beach, enjoy tasty seafood or relax 
        by the pool, mozambique can offer you all this and more, in addition add 
        on a few nights in kruger 
        national park for the perfect bush and beach holiday. 


  






 
december 2017
              availability



  
        mozambique travel 
        booking service
    email: book@go.mozbookings.com
at mozambique travel service we are happy to help you with hotel accommodation 
        in mozambique, flights, car 
        hire, diving 
        or a complete mozambique holiday. we have visited these places and the 
        photographs featured on this site have been taken by us while we were 
        there, so for a knowledgeable, professional service for your visit to 
        mozambique talk to us.
this website is owned by all things mos travel 
        cc trading as madbookings










places and towns in mozambique
starting in the south of mozambique and heading north
ponta do ouro 
        known for its good beaches, great swimming, excellent diving and fishing 
        with plenty options for accommodation - access by 4wd only lodges will 
        collect from kosi bay border.
maputo 
        the capital of mozambique, a compact city with the indian ocean on two 
        sides, vibrant nightlife, good seafood restaurants and plenty hotels from 
        budget to 5 star.
inhaca 
        island just across the bay from maputo, an ideal getaway 
        from busy life, daily flights and at the weekends a ferry take you across 
        to this sleepy mozambique island.
beline 
        180 km from maputo this sleepy village has a variety of accommodation 
        and has lovely sandy beaches around a tranquil lagoon with a sea entrance. 
        great for families and fishermen.
chidenguele 
        out on a sandy peninsula this is a lovely area for those who want peace 
        and quiet away from the crowds and resorts. small lodges offering good 
        value.
xai xai 
        a good place to stopover on the way north, excellent fishing beaches and 
        good fuel supply.
inharrime 
        another quiet little village ideal as a stopover, enjoy a cold drink or 
        to spend a few days at the local cashew farm
inhambane 
        is the main town along the southern coast, fuel, supplies and gateway 
        to barra beach, tofo and guinjata.
barra beach 
        one of the main areas for holiday makers in mozambique, a long sandy beach 
        with a selection of lodges, self catering chalets and plenty to do in 
        the area.
tofo 
        small village and a hub for divers, snorkellers and sunseekers, a selection 
        of accommodation options, restaurants, bars and lovely beach make tofo 
        a relaxing place for a holiday.
guinjata bay 
        down a 4wd sandy track guinjata bay has several places to stay and offers 
        beautiful beaches, fishing and diving
linga linga 
        across the bay from barra beach and accessed by 4wd or boat transfer only, 
        the remote beautiful sandy beaches are perfect for honeymoons, families 
        or those seeking escape.
maxixie nothing really to see here but a good place to 
        get fuel on the road north.
pomene / morrungulo 
        / ngulane this part of the coast is all old coconut plantations 
        so plenty swaying palms and long sandy beaches, 4wd preferred to get to 
        these remote peaceful places.
vilankulo / vilanculos busy 
        seaside town with a selection of restaurants, accommodation and a vibrant 
        nightlife and gateway to the bazaruto islands.
bazaruto / 
        benguerra these beautiful islands known as the 'pearl of 
        the indian ocean' are perfect island escapes, accommodation choices are 
        top end lodges.
beira bustling 
        port city and nearest airport to gorongosa national park.
        gorongosa national park is mozambiques major wildlife reserve and is now 
        open after extensive rebuilding of the accommodation and roads, fantastic 
        birding and a wonderful wildlife experience.
chimoio 
        central mozambique in the manica province, 90km from the zimbabwe border
gorongosa national park 
        the rehabilitation of gorongosa national park in central mozambique represents 
        one of the great conservation opportunities in the world today.
tete / cahorra 
        bass dam tiger fishing centre for mozambique, most of mozambiques 
        electricity is created by the dam also the hottest place in the country.
nampula 
        city north of the zambezi river, nearest airport for access to mozambique 
        island (ilha de mocambique) a couple of hotels and fuel available here.
nacala 
        peaceful bay with fantastic diving, not easy to get to but more difficult 
        to leave as after a few days you will adjust to the wonderful pace of 
        life.
ilha de mocambique 
        a world heritage site with amazing history and full of crumbling old buildings 
        forts and people all hanging on to this small piece of history in the 
        indian ocean.
niassa reserve the 
        most remote and untouched part of mozambique, from the shores of lake 
        malawi (called lake niassa in mozambique) niassa offers the ultimate pioneering 
        safari in a part of africa still wild and untouched.
pemba the most 
        northerly city in mozambique and runs as if the rest of the world does 
        not exist, beautiful beaches, peaceful people and gateway to the quirimbas 
        islands and lazarus banks.
quirimbas islands 
        a group of exclusive islands stretching along the northern coast, luxury 
        lodges with excellent food and service, watersports, snorkeling, diving 
        and sunbathing in such a remote area make it the perfect escape from all 
        the world.
 
map of mozambique
 
 
 


mozambiquetravel essentials


 


 


 mozambique 
                    visas & passports
everyone needs a passport to enter mozambique.
it must be current and valid for 6 months (some borders are 
                    not so fussy on this but under 30 days becomes a problem) 
                    
                    it must be your passport 
                    two clear pages are required 
                    torn, wet, grubby passports especially where the picture or 
                    pages are damaged may be refused entry 



driving 
                    in mozambique 
roads are in variable condition throughout the country, speed 
                    restrictions are enforced in small villages and although you 
                    can now reach many places in a normal 2wd you need to allow 
                    extra time for driving at a reduced speed.



border 
                    instructions
                    what papers do you need for your vehicle ?
                    vehicle ownership documents - 
                    if the vehicle is on hire purchase / bank loan you will also 
                    need a letter from the bank giving permission to cross the 
                    border. 
                    also if the vehicle is not yours you will need a letter of 
                    authorization from the owner saying you have their permission 
                    to take it into mozambique. 





mozambique 
                    fuel prices
up to date prices of fuel across the main places in mozambique



mozambique 
                    weather 
how warm will it be? mozambique crosses the tropic of capricorn 
                    giving the country of mozambique a tropical climate with plenty 
                    of sunshine all through the year it rarely gets cold. 



money, 
                    currency & costs in mozambique
what currency can you use in mozambique and how much is the 
                    local money the metica worth?



need help in travelling to 
                    other destinations in southern africa? then try these great 
                    websites:
namibia - namibiabookings.com 
                    
botswana 
                    - madbookings.com/botswana.html
swaziland 
                    - madbookings.com/swaziland.htm
victoria 
                    falls - madbookings.com/victoria-falls.htm
south 
                    africa- madbookings.com/south-africa.htm




 





































 

 
              reservations
for 
              flights to mozambique
mozambiques national airline has flights from johannesburg to maputo 
              inhambane vilanculos beira tete nampula and pemba




msc 
              cruises
treat yourself to a voyage of a lifetime aboard the luxurious msc 
              opera and msc sinfonia cruise ships departing from durban to mozambique 
              and from cape town to namibia





stopovers
a variety of places along the main road from south africa to vilanculos 
              great places to break the long journey and continue on the next 
              day feeling refreshed.




maputo 
              
              capital of mozambique
the fascinating capital city with the indian ocean on two sides 
              and a cafe/street life that can absorb you for hours. a diverse 
              african city which is always warm in both temperature and welcome.




ponta 
              do ouro
at the very southern point of mozambique is this small village 
              of ponta a haven for divers fishermen and watersports enthusiasts. 
              only 34km from the kosi bay border it is a very popular south african 
              holiday destination.




barra 
              beach 
one of mozambiques many long sandy beaches and a firm favourite 
              for many years for those in the know, a variety of places to stay 
              along the beachfront along with activity centres offering diving, 
              snorkelling, fishing, quad biking, horse riding and more make it 
              a great family choice.




tofo
tucked around a beautiful sandy beach this small village has developed 
              a reputation as a diver and surfer haven with a friendly attitude 
              and a casual relaxed feel to the whole place. great for youngsters 
              and diving holidays.





islands 
              of mozambique
there are four sets of amazing islands off the coast of mozambique
inhaca island near maputo
bazaruto/benguerra 
              islands
ilha de mocambique 
quirimbas islands 
              north off pemba




xai 
              xai 
approx 250km north of maputo xai xai is a great beach for fishing 
              and relaxing. accommodation is set along the beach away from the 
              busy little town. xai xai a great weekend getaway option for a long 
              weekend.





gorongosa 
              national park
once a stunning national park gorongosa fell into disrepair, over 
              the last decade it has been slowly restored and maintained and is 
              back on its way to being a must see unique destination for wildlife 
              and scenery in mozambique.





pemba
so far north in mozambique it really is like its own country (or 
              even world) the mellow town of pemba is known for its stunning wimbe 
              beach where the clear warm indian ocean waters lap onto long prestine 
              sandy beaches. relax and enjoy.





tete
inland between zimbabwe and malawi is this unusual town famous 
              for its bridge spanning the zambezi river. nearby is the cahorra 
              bassa dam great for tiger fishing. mining is a big development in 
              this area of mozambique.




bilene
only 180km north of maputo and often overlooked is the small village 
              of bilene nestled around a lagoon connected to the ocean by a small 
              inlet, it offers shallow quiet water great for families and open 
              beaches outside for fishing.




vilanculos
often called the north vilanculos is actually only half way up 
              the mozambique coast and is a seadside town with great beaches to 
              the south. just offshore are the bazaruto and benguerra islands. 
              dhow trips are very popular here.




car 
              hire in and to
              mozambique
there is not a large variety of reliable car hire in mozambique 
              but it is possible, also you can hire in south africa and take a 
              renatl across border with the right paperwork.
let us know what you need and we will find the best option for 
              you.




diving 
              in mozambique
still a very undiscovered diving destination mozambique has stunning 
              diving in several areas, apart from the clear warm diving conditions 
              highlights include manta rays, whalesharks, turtles and dolphins 
              - uncrowded diving.




fishing 
              in mozambique
the whole of the coast is a fishing paradise with big game fishing 
              being a big feature, in many places you can fish from the shore 
              or from boats.and dont forget there are also some inland lakes and 
              dams that offer great tiger fishing



 


inhambane
inhambane is the town you pass through to access the beaches of 
              barra, tofo and nearby guinjata jangamo, no real reason to stay 
              in inhambane itself unless for buisiness as the beaches in town 
              are very average.


 



copyright mozambiquetravelservice.com 2005 - 2017


