




circle way







 


home
schedule
the circle way
books

changing the world
ending violent crime



poetry
talking stick newsletter
about
links


welcome to circle way's home on the web
ellika and simon will continue to carry on medicine story's work leading camps and workshops. more details can be found in the schedule and ellika and simon's letter: english, deutsch, or italiano.  
for all questions please write to simon, simon@jamnik.ch.

order manitonquat's books here
ancient wisdom and practical tools 
    
    for healthier relationships and communities
the circle way*
    is a non-profit learning center 
    and service organization. 
our mission: 
    to foster a more human society, 
    based on cooperation and equality, 
    closeness and caring. 
our work respectfully incorporates native american wisdom with re-evaluation counseling,  as well as other traditions, which honor our spiritual connections with all creation.
we receive no outside funding, but are supported entirely by donations, lectures, seminars, sales of books and cds.
manitonquat 
(medicine story)
native american elder and new age philosopher, manitonquat (medicine story in english)  is the author of numerous books, including the circle way: a new (very old) path to more human, more fulfilling relationships & communities. 
with his wife ellika linden, manitonquat makes regular personal appearances at public events in the us and europe: teaching workshops and leading public discussions.
summer workshop camps
 each summer, manitonquat and ellika host a number of circle way week-long intensives: where participants can live and learn the circle way, on a daily basis, in rural settings of natural beauty. 
these summer workshops are part of our on-going work, creating circles world-wide for healing, building community, and world change. 
learn more about the circle way here and in manitonquat's books. return to creation and    the original instructions.

ending violent crime
 circle way has also long been dedicated to remembering the most neglected and villified segment of society: offering regular native american circles for incarcerated inmates in new england prisons. 
ten on-going circle way meeting groups, centered on mutual respect and cooperation, have demonstrated remarkable results, in improving the lives and lessening recidivism for former offenders.
read more in the book ending violent crime.  
 
"it is possible that the next buddha will not take the form of an individual. the next buddha may take the form of a community—a community practicing understanding and loving kindness, a community practicing mindful living. this may be the most important thing we can do for the survival of the earth."
         - thich nhat hanh

manitonquat medicine story’s circle way emphasizes practices and resources    that use circle to develop clear communication within the self,    the home/family, and the community. in recent years, two lineages of circle have emerged that each bear the same name, “the circle way,” and are each committed to the same core value “to reignite the circle in the world.”
 another movement of circle work is the circle way of christina baldwin & ann linnea.    their focus is to mainstream circle as a collaborative shift in the operating systems of the modern world;    to change how organizations and communities function and work together.    to see more of this work, please go to www.thecircleway.net
*formerly known as mettanokit community / center 





