





:::chris klug::: professional snowboarder aspen, colorado
















































































 






















 











transplant
olympics
aspen
activities
history
pro tips

pro tips powder
pro tips advanced
pro tips anatomy of a turn
pro tips snowboard set up


results
blog
videos
gallery
contact
 



to the edge and back


















enjoy the ride, don't take a turn for granted


 
 








 





 

medal run 







 

enjoy the ride! 







 

rip it up! 







 

no limits! 







 

never give up 



 












chris klug foundation
chris klug foundation advocates for organ and tissue donation, and inspires those touched by transplantation.
through our programs we reach tens of thousands of young people each year, equipping them with facts about organ donation so they can make educated decisions.
be sure to check out our annual celebration of life event, summit for life!
learn more










klug properties
chris has spent plenty of time exploring mountain communities around the world and his favorite the elk mountains in aspen and snowmass, colorado.
proud to be a licensed real estate professional with aspen snowmass sotheby’s international realty, he is committed to bringing the same enthusiasm, commitment and integrity to his real estate activities that made him an olympic champion.
learn more










motivational speaking
chris shares his inspirational story as a professional corporate and motivational speaker. he shared his message with thousands at over five hundred events nationwide the past decade.
his snowboarding career and transplant experience has provided chris a tremendous platform to help inspire others with his story.
contact chris for speaking opportunities.
learn more







































contact usemailchris@chrisklug.com 

about chris chris is a professional athlete, olympic medalist snowboarder, corporate motivational speaker, real estate agent, and founder and chairman of chris klug foundation in aspen, colorado. 
 

other sites summit for life
chris klug foundation
klug properties

 










© 2016 all rights reserved. 




 
 






























