










home - ogunquit chamber of commerce




















































  




















skip to content






 










sign up for the visitor newsletter and never miss a thing!   sign up now!






















 
join today!member logincontact uswhy join the chamber?



























































menu 
homevisit stay eat shop entertainment, art & culture activities activities by sea activities on land services transportation business financial house & home personal weddings & groups discover ogunquit ogunquit beaches perkins cove marginal way downtown nightlife art trail gay ogunquit live webcams video footage guides and maps parking weather us harbors tide chart faq’sabout us about us board of directors programs ogunquit welcome center info request contact usevents this week in ogunquit events calendar our annual events annual craft fairsmember center member login how to use the member information center join the chamber why join the chamber? membership benefits member directory sponsorship opportunities advertising opportunities our partners member to member dealswhat’s new ogunquit awards featured members hot deals give the gift of ogunquit live webcams visitor newsletter news releases job postingswho’s open in winter who’s open – restaurants who’s open – lodging who’s open – retail, arts, entertainment








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 




















welcome to the ogunquit chamber of commerce!






according to legend, ogunquit (pronounced /o-gun-quit/) was named by the abenaki tribe, because the word means “beautiful place by the sea." ogunquit has evolved from a fishing village in perkins cove surrounded by farms to the bustling tourist destination it is today. 
beginning in the late 19th century, fishermen brought their catch into the cove. it didn't take long for the first artists to arrive, drawn to the rugged beauty of the coastline. in the late 1920’s, the ogunquit art association began organizing art education and exhibitions and as the reputation of the summer art colony grew, word of ogunquit’s beauty and lively lifestyle began to spread throughout the region. families flocked to this easy to reach beach community and visitors followed. 
today the four-square mile town of ogunquit is defined by its sandy beaches, vibrant art and theater scene, thriving and welcoming lgbtq+ community and an abundance of independently-owned dining, shopping and lodging establishments.




















things to do!
























                                featured members                            














                                activities by sea                            














                                activities by land                            














                                enjoy local food & drink                            














                                delve into arts & culture                            














                                shop till you drop                            














                                enjoy live entertainment                            














                                experience top notch lodging                            













view business directory





















upcoming events















view all events











news releases







view all news releases


















new members















 
join today!
sign up today and get your business more exposure!


online application


 




































 












© 2025 ogunquit chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















ogunquit chamber of commerce













20 shore road, po box 2289, ogunquit, maine 03907 














 (207) 646-2939 










































 © 

 ogunquit chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















