




 


the maine association of mortgage professionals (mamp)












log in


 








maine association of mortgage professionals

join mamp today and help promote the welfare of the mortgage industry in maine.
join today!

 














home




join us



code of ethics




membership application







events



calendar of events




maine mortgage expo




annual charity golf tournament




tri- state mortgage conference







about mamp



mamp board







industry



industry news




legislative resources







contact




job board




consumer




directory




photo gallery




covid-19 resource page




newsletter















membership renewal time is now.  click here to view our corporate partnership options.  our corporate partnership options are a "one stop shop" option for those that prefer not to pay per event.  in addition to our corporate partnership options, we also offer our base membership that includes an unlimited number of employees in your membership bundle.  pay once for everyone in your company to enjoy mamp member pricing to events.  membership renewal time is the best time to review your mamp profile and make sure all information is up to date.  be sure to log in first to edit your contact info.questions or concerns about your membership?  please email emily for help.  

the maine association of mortgage professionals (mamp) is recognized as the leader in the mortgage industry by providing its members with the latest updates taking place in both washington dc and augusta that have an impact on the industry. founded in 1958 by maine mortgage brokers and bankers, today, mamp is comprised of professionals from banks, credit unions, 
independent mortgage firms and affiliate members from organizations that
 serve the mortgage industry. the association is represented by a board 
consisting of 12 - 15 directors and several committees.  we are comprised of hard working mortgage and mortgage related 
professionals committed to ensuring a strong mortgage industry in maine.
 the real estate market may fluctuate, but one thing that remains the 
same is our position on mortgage banking ethics and standards.mamp: provides education to its members supports enhancing property ownership opportunities for the people of maine promotes ethical business practices in the spirit of cooperation and healthy competitionlobbies on behalf of our members to attain legislation that is consistent with the evolving real estate and mortgage industriesmembers of mamp enjoy:annual conferencesindustry eventsongoing education networking opportunitiesfree company listing and advertising on the mamp website
as an association, mamp promotes education, best business practices and integrity in the mortgage industry. if you are a mortgage broker, banking professional or if you provide services to the mortgage finance industry, we welcome you to join us. we also encourage you to join namb (see link below).



2025 mamp platinum corporate partner:

featured members








upcoming events



america/new_york
mamp march breakfast meeting

march 12, 2025 8:30 am


tbd



america/new_york
2025 maine mortgage expo

april 16, 2025 11:00 am


hilton garden inn, 5 park st., freeport, me  04032



america/new_york
mamp may breakfast meeting

may 14, 2025 8:30 am






america/new_york
2025 annual charity golf tournament

may 20, 2025 7:45 am


val halla golf course, 60 val halla road, cumberland center, maine



america/new_york
mamp june breakfast meeting

june 11, 2025 8:30 am


tbd




















  
header photo is west quoddy head, taken by j labrador from flickr
































call usoffice: (207) 712-0402click to email

address: po box 1571 bangor, me  04402
 
















powered by wild apricot membership software







