

dynotech research - motorcycle and snowmobile dyno testing facility









          


 
           

          home 

          subscriber pages

          tech articles

          about dynotech

  subscribe

          dynotech blog








 independent 
                dyno testing - sleds - bikes ... articles ... test results ... 
                    subscribe 
                now!


                    dynotech research annual online
                    subscriptions are only $20.
                    get instant articles, test results and more.
                    call 585-345-0055 to start your 
                    subscription now.












dynotechresearch.com
....finally back online with instant 
                      dynotech test results...
annual online membership fee - $30
                    click on subscribe to join dynotech with the secure bank site and you will be   emailed an access code in 5 minutes (check your spam blocker because this is   computer generated!).




 















                        dynotech
                        8 apollo drive
                        batavia
ny 14020

phone
                        585-993-2777









 

 check 
                      out our new blog!   
                      








live video and audio 
                      from our 
                      testing facility has moved to the subscriber pages.

                      since 1988, dynotech has published unbiased actual superflow 
                      instrumented dynamometer test results on two-cycle snowmobile 
                      engines. these test results and descriptive articles include 
                      torque and horsepower curves, airflow cfm, fuel flow lb/hr, 
                      bsfc lb. of fuel/hp/hr (critical for peak performance carburetion 
                      and drive clutch calibration) of:

1) stock high performance snowmobiles see the dyno 
                        test results of all the stock high performance machines… 
                        what is the actual horsepower, and what rpm does the max 
                        hp occur? what is highest hp with pump-gas safe jetting 
                        for all temperatures and altitudes? how does one brand 
                        compare in true hp to the others? what is the actual effect 
                        of airbox mods, compression changes, timing changes, etc?
2) aftermarket bolt-on engine components which aftermarket 
                        pipe(s) make the highest hp? which make the most torque? 
                        which make less hp than stock? who makes the most hp with 
                        the lowest db sound? what do replacement heads/ combustion 
                        chambers do for hp and where the peak power occurs? how 
                        about bigger or different carbs; does big = higher cfm 
                        airflow? do some carbs vaporize fuel better than others? 
                        do aftermarket reeds/ reed cages help or hurt airflow 
                        and hp? will an aftermarket silencer make you more or 
                        less hp, or will it just annoy your neighbors? who makes 
                        the lightest, quitest silencers? did you ever wonder about 
                        special lubes, fuel catalysts, spark plugs, etc? we can 
                        tell you within 1/10th of a hp what helps or hurts performance 
                        on any particular engine.
3) serious engines and engine modifications port timing 
                        modifications, big bore kits, replacement cylinders, mountain 
                        motors beyond belief, modifying tuned pipes, turbochargers, 
                        nitrous oxide injection, stroker engines.
4) technical support on our subscribers' only forum for 
                        engine/ clutching/ chassis setups (coming soon).
5) american snowmobiler magazine shootout 
                        ® sleds! we've tested them all here to ensure stockness 
                        and fairness since day one! see the actual dyno sheets 
                        of the american snowmobiler stockers (and some not so 
                        stockers caught red handed) as tested during dynotech 
                        certification dyno runs.
6) online access to 550 pages of past 
                        dynotech published articles, dyno tests, pipe shootouts, 
                        technical data, and good new and good old ideas and explanations 
                        from kevin cameron.



pre-mapped dynojet power commander v snowmobile efi tuners are available from   dynotechresearch. 1000 premapped dtr pcvs have been sold. call 585-993-2777 for   special pricing for pcvs shipped to us and canada. over 100 maximum performance   racing and trail maps are available for all altitudes for stock and modified   sleds. individual maps are available at no charge to dtr members--just email map   requests along with dtr user id to info@dynotechresearch.com.
 
click photo for larger image



© 2001 design 
                and hosting by marchese computer 
                products
                content © 2001 dynotech research
















-



                fax
                (585)815-0341

email











