ldc driving schools, intensive driving courses and lessons[skip to content][skip to navigation]phone: 0800 400 777closed now. next open: mon 9:00am login / registerhomeinformation getting startedtheory test theory test bookingfree theory testtheory test centre searchhazard perception test hazard perception typeshazard perception skillsfree hazard perception testdriving test 1. eyesight check2. show me - tell me3. general driving4. reversing your vehicle5. independent drivingthe marking systemvideo of a driving testbooking the testdriving test centre searchfree highway code the lawintroductionrules for pedestriansrules for users of powered wheelchairs and powered mobility scootersrules about animalsrules for cyclistsrules for motorcyclistsrules for drivers and motorcyclistsgeneral rules, techniques and adviceusing the roadroad users requiring extra caredriving in adverse weather conditionswaiting and parkingmotorwaysbreakdowns and accidentsroad worksrailway level crossingstramwayssignssignalsroad & vehicle markingsannexesroad safety resourcesdriving at work duty of caresafe driving policythe benefitsfast pass courses one week pass coursesemi-intensive coursemidway coursetest booster courseweekly driving lessonsresidential coursesreviews learning to drivehow to bookcustomer careterms and conditionsld system student centred learningdriving skills dvddriving skills workbookld programmeld lesson structuredriving lessons getting movinggearssteeringco-ordinationthe emergency stophazard drill basic junctionscrossroadsemerging from busier junctionsroundaboutstraffic signals & pedestrian crossingshazard perception & defensive drivingdual carriagewaystown and city centre drivingprogressive drivingstraight line reversingreversing leftreversing rightbay parkingturn in the roadparallel parkingthe driving testdriving schoolsdriving instructor training about the courseabout the franchiseabout ldcld system benefitsreviews instructor trainingreviews instructor training elcascontinued professional developmentdvsa adi exam more detailsfaq'swhy choose ldccost of trainingfree information packadi test centre searchstore driving lessons and courses single hour lesson2 hour driving lessonblock booking of 10 hourstest booster coursemidway pass coursesemi intensive courseone week pass coursetheory test products theory test completedriving test completehazard perception test completetheory test express downloadhazard perception express downloadhighway codeknow your traffic signsthe official dvsa theory test book for car drivershighway code & know your traffic signslearn to drive products ldc driving skills dvd videoldc driving skills workbookhighway codedriving - the essential skillsldc driving skills dvd & workbookl & p plateshighway code & know your traffic signsdriving instructor materials 10 x theory test complete10 x driving test complete10 x highway codeld presenter (2024 version)driving - the essential skillsthe driving instructors handbook (22nd edition)roof sign (standard)l & p platesknow your traffic signsroadcraft - the police drivers handbookpractical teaching skills for driving instructorsdiscounted packages driving test complete & highway codetheory test complete & highway codehazard perception complete & highway code10 x theory test complete10 x driving test complete10 x highway codeldc driving skills dvd & workbookcontact us request information about learning to driverequest information about becoming an ldc instructorrequest information on joining the ldc franchisebasket is emptyitems in cart:0total:£0.00ldc driving schoolsfor a lifetime of safe drivingcourses to suit youyour success is our successoutstanding instructorsmake your first test your lastamazing resourcesto give you the edgeld systemdriving coursesbecome a driving instructordriving lesson resourceswelcome welcome to the learner driving centre (ldc) nationwide network of independent ldc driving school instructors.   hundreds of male and female driving instructors across the uk specially selected and trained by ldc. over 19,000   5 star reviews as testimony to their expertise. pass faster, for less using the unique ld system, specially designed for intensive training. all are bound by ldcs high standards of customer care.  so whether you are choosing driving lessons or an intensive driving course for yourself, a family member or a friend, it's vital that you make the right choice.  the safe drivers of tomorrow are the well taught learners of today  find out more about ldc driving instructors   intensive fast pass driving courses and lessons find out more about the services we provide including the price in your area by selecting any one of the buttons below:         you are unlikely to find a faster, more enjoyable or indeed less expensive way to pass your driving test.  make your first test your last  find out more about ldc intensive courses and lessons (including prices)   the unique ld system     hazard perception test android hazard perception test ios download     save time, save money and enjoy the experience. the only system of its kind designed for intensive driving courses and accelerated driving lessons.  for a lifetime of safe driving  find out more about the ld system and student-centred learning   over 19,000 5 star reviews below are just a few of the very recent 5 star reviews received by our network of ldc driving schools. tom couling graeme taught me really welli had my driving lessons with graeme. i was given ldc workbook on my first lesson, which was very informative and helped me a lot. graeme taught me really well and helped me with deal with things i was anxious about whilst driving. thank you for helping me pass my test. first time pass.
hi, i'm graeme winspeari operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in swindon, wanborough, wroughton, blunsdon, chiseldon and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: sn1, sn2, sn3, sn4, sn5, sn25, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithgraeme.co.uktiffanypatrick was amazing!!patrick was amazing!! i couldn't recommend a better instructor! he goes above and beyond to make sure you learn correctly. he will always correct you and explain thoroughly if you are making a mistake and work on it. the ldc workbook was very helpful also the videos and the learning online hub which helped me a lot with the manoeuvres and general rules.
hi, i'm patrick baillyi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in darlington, shildon, newton aycliffe, northallerton, richmond, catterick garrison, richmond, crook, spennymoor, ferryhill, yarm, stockton-on-tees and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: dl1, dl2, dl3, dl5, dl6, dl7, dl10, ts16, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.learnwithpatrick.co.ukemmanuelsimply the bestexcellent driver training, i did not think i could make it, but wayne boosted my confidence and here i am today saying he is the best and the ldc driving skills workbook is just as good. get it!
hi, i'm wayne grayi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in tidworth, ludgershall, shipton belinger, larkhill, andover, bulford, amesbury, wilton, laverstock, salisbury town and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: sp1, sp2, sp3, sp4, sp5, sp9, sp10, sp11, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithwayne.co.ukjack varleyabsolutely fantastic instructorclare has been absolutely fantastic instructor. she is clear and concise as well as extremely encouraging. i always felt comfortable in the car with clare and learnt at a pace that worked for me. she is super friendly and i would recommend clare to anyone wanting to learn to drive! the ldc system worked well for me to learn in small steps as well as having a centralised place for all information. clare taught the ldc material well in a clear way for me to understand. it also good to see my progress on the app. thank you so much clare !!
hi, i'm clare potteri operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in chester, saughall, blacon, lache, chester centre, ellesmere port, neston, eastham and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: ch1, ch2, ch3, ch4, ch65, ch66, ch62, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithclare.co.ukjovana karajcictailored specifically to my needsfrom the very first lesson, bob created a supportive, calm and engaging learning environment tailored specifically to my needs and learning style. what sets bob apart is his patient and encouraging approach. he took the time to break down every concept in a way that was easy to understand. i'll especially never forget the parking lessons, bob's step-by-step guidance (and endless patience) turned what i thought was an impossible task into something i can now do with confidence. let's just say i've finally conquered parallel parking and bob deserves a medal for his efforts! the ld system itself complements this personalised teaching perfectly. its structured yet flexible framework made it easy to track my progress and understand what to focus on next. i particularly appreciated how the system encouraged me to reflect on my own learning and take responsibility for my growth as a driver, all while having bob guide and support me every step of the way. first time pass.
hi, i'm bob brayi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in seaford, lewes, ringmer, newhaven, bishopstone, south heighton, piddinghoe, kingston, firle, glynde and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: bn25, bn7, bn8, bn9, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithbob.co.uklynnettexcellent instructori had an excellent experience with wayne. from the very first lesson, he made me feel at ease with his patient approach. he was incredibly attentive to my progress, offering constructive feedback. he stayed calm and encouraging, even when i made mistakes, he helped build my confidence. the ldc driving skills workbook he gave me was a good resource for reviewing manoeuvres outside of our lessons. it really helped reinforce what i was learning. i highly recommend wayne to anyone looking for a supportive and skilled driving instructor!
hi, i'm wayne grayi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in tidworth, ludgershall, shipton belinger, larkhill, andover, bulford, amesbury, wilton, laverstock, salisbury town and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: sp1, sp2, sp3, sp4, sp5, sp9, sp10, sp11, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithwayne.co.ukdiana naah bumbiei truly enjoyed this driving coursewayne! wayne! wayne! i could not have done this without you. i am so appreciative of the help you gave me , the enthusiasm to keep me at ease around the steering and the ldc driving skills workbook for bedtime reading. i truly enjoyed this driving course, you are different from other instructors that i know, please keep it up. reply, thanks diana, you are greatly appreciated for your words of encouragement, it all about the student for me, if you are happy then i am happy. all the very best in your driving journey.
hi, i'm wayne grayi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in tidworth, ludgershall, shipton belinger, larkhill, andover, bulford, amesbury, wilton, laverstock, salisbury town and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: sp1, sp2, sp3, sp4, sp5, sp9, sp10, sp11, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithwayne.co.ukdalegordon went out of his waygordon was very patient and helped me to build up my confidence. the ldc workbook was helpful also. gordon went out of his way to allocate timings. can’t recommend him highly enough. thanks for all your help and getting me on the road. five star service thanks for all your help.
hi, i'm gordon davisi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in edinburgh, burdiehouse, straiton, bilston, rosewell, peniculk, dalkeith, currie, juniper green, buckstone and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: eh17, eh18, eh19, eh20, eh22, eh24, eh25, eh10, eh13, eh14, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithgordon.co.uklewisdown to earth guygordon was very patient and explained everything thoroughly. down to earth guy. the ldc system was good. it encourages you as the learner to decide what you learn and how fast you can learn. the ldc app and workbook were very useful to me in learning manoeuvres but also in passing my theory.
hi, i'm gordon davisi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in edinburgh, burdiehouse, straiton, bilston, rosewell, peniculk, dalkeith, currie, juniper green, buckstone and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: eh17, eh18, eh19, eh20, eh22, eh24, eh25, eh10, eh13, eh14, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithgordon.co.ukceira townsendpassed with zero faultswhen i started my driving lessons i was really excited, yet didn't know what to expect; but sue was really helpful and i looked forward to all my lessons with her. she helped me get past all my mistakes and improve. then thanks to her approach (following the ld system), just 4 months after my first lesson i passed first time and with no faults - so thank you sue!
hi, i'm sue vineri operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in evesham, harvington, badsey, sedgeberrow, ashton-under-hill, broadway, willersey, childswickham, pershore, eckington, drakes broughton, alcester, bidford-on-avon and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: wr10, wr11, wr12, b49, b50, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.learnwithsue.co.uklilia calex was always calmalex was really helpful when i was unsure about things, or if i ever had any questions. he was also very good at reminding me of anything that i had ever forgotten. alex was always calm whenever i made any mistakes. i found the ldc website very helpful when it came to preparation for my theory test as it was almost identical to the real thing, so i felt really well prepared.
hi, i'm alex dawesi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in leek, cheddleton and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: st13, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.drivewithalex.co.ukkim wilsonfantastic instructorjackie is a fantastic instructor, very patient & reassuring. the ldc workbook is a great idea & really helps to keep you refreshing your memory on topics. i couldn’t thank jackie enough for all her help & guidance over these 8 months of learning.
hi, i'm jackie partoni operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in leek, cheddleton and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: st13, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithjackie.co.ukmegan hunterenjoyed every lessonandy has been amazing. he explains everything in full detail until understood. he references to the ldc workbook which has visual representations. he also uses maps which is very helpful. andy always explains why things may have gone wrong. andy allows you to think for yourself and make decisions for yourself before advising you. i have enjoyed every lesson with andy and will advise him to anyone looking to learn. thank you so so much😄
hi, i'm andy inksteri operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in york, strensall, earswick, huntington, haxby, wigginton, heworth, new earswick, stockton on the forest, osbaldwick, heslington, fulford and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: yo10, yo30, yo31, yo32, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.drivingwithandy.co.uktammy harrisonyou made driving easy and funthank you so much emlyn for your help i’ve finally passed my test after only 7 lessons (9 hours) of driving with you, you made driving easy your fun and calm relaxed the whole time even when i make my mistakes lol but always there to tell me what i’m doing wrong lol thank you so much this will change my life and to anyone reading this please use ldc driving school 10/10 teacher
hi, i'm emlyn hudsoni operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in cannock, featherstone, burntwood, bloxwich, great wyrley, cheslyn hay and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: ws6, ws7, ws8, ws11, ws12, wv10, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithemlyn.co.ukmaisyi was scared to driveafter having a bad experience with a previous instructor, i came into learning very nervous and was scared to drive. stephen completely transformed me as a driver, feeling relaxed and confident in my driving. the ld system really suited me having a structure and pace that suited me the best. cannot recommend stephen enough, so kind and patient with my learning.
hi, i'm stephen mclachlani operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in bewdley, stourport-on-severn, arley, alveley, kinlet, clows top, blakedown, cookley, wolverley, kinver, rock, far forest, ombersley, droitwich spa and surrounding areas.. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: dy7, dy10, dy11, dy12, dy13, dy14, wv15, wr9, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithstephen.co.ukcaitlin gowan amazing driving instructori think iain is an amazing driving instructor. he’s very patient and very understanding. i thought the ldc workbook was very helpful too and it had everything in it that i needed to know. i recommend iain 100%.
hi, i'm iain milnei operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in aberdeen, bridge of don, bucksburn, danestone, tillydrone, seaton, city centre, northfield, mastrick, balmedie, ellon. and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: ab16, ab21, ab22, ab23, ab24, ab25, ab41, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.drivewithiain.co.uktheo edgar the ldc workbook was a very helpful toolant was very insightful and helpful when it came to helping me with my nerves and was also patient when i was making mistakes. the ldc workbook was a very helpful tool for the manoeuvres and general driving that i had to do and was helpful with knowing how the car works and what the controls do.
hi, i'm ant fulleri operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in stamford and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: pe9, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithant.co.ukemily jonessarah has been amazingldc is an amazing, informative and supportive driving school with many different ways to help you with learning. sarah has been an amazing and supportive instructor that makes learning comfortable and enjoyable. sarah is amazing at every part of being an instructor and my experience has been enjoyable and so rewarding. i highly recommend sarah to anyone looking to drive. i’ve loved every minute of learning with sarah (all the best for the future sarah x) emily.
hi, i'm sarah olpherti operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in caerleon, cwmbran, newport and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: np18, np19, np20, np44, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.courseswithsarah.co.ukshabnam malekzadehemile is an amazing instructoremile is an amazing instructor! passed first time using all his toys and methods. i was taught to drive safely. there really is no right way to drive but he taught me the best way. thank you! also the checklist/progress list was helpful on the ldc student website.
hi, i'm emile georgesi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in welling, sidcup, belvedere, erith, bexleyheath, blackfen, footscray, dartford, eltham, blackheath, charlton, woolwich, abbeywood, thamesmead, chislehurst and surrounding areas. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: da1, da5, da6, da7, da8, da14, da15, da16, da17, da18, se2, se3, se7, se9, se18, se28, br7, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.passwithemile.co.ukmaia funnellgreat driving instructorjackie was such a great driving instructor, always making me feel comfortable and ensuring the lessons progressed at my pace. her friendly, calm nature ensured i always enjoyed my driving lessons despite the ups and downs. i'd also like to mention how jackie is so organised and informative, which made sorting lessons around my second year of a-levels completely stress free. i also found the ldc workbook super useful to track my progress as i learnt and to give very clear information about the driving test. thank you jackie!!!
hi, i'm jackie hewessi operate my own ldc driving school providing driving courses and lessons in eastbourne, pevensey, east dean, polegate, hailsham. so if you are interested in learning to drive with a patient and friendly driving instructor in the following postcode areas: bn20, bn21, bn22, bn23, bn24, bn26, bn27, please don't hesitate to contact me.www.lessonswithjackie.co.uk  your success is our success  see all 19,000+ 5-star reviews   male and female driving instructors near me below you will find your local ldc driving schools and driving instructors near to you listed by each main post code area in the uk. all offering driving lessons, intensive driving courses and pass plus training using the revolutionary ld system of driving tuition. ab - aberdeenal - st albansb - birminghamba - bathbb - blackburnbd - bradfordbh - bournemouthbl - boltonbn - brightonbr - bromleybs - bristolbt - belfastca - carlislecb - cambridgecf - cardiffch - chestercm - chelmsfordco - colchestercr - croydonct - canterburycv - coventrycw - creweda - dartforddd - dundeede - derbydg - dumfriesdh - durhamdl - darlingtondn - doncasterdt - dorchesterdy - dudleye - east londonec - londoneh - edinburghen - enfieldex - exeterfk - falkirkfy - blackpoolg - glasgowgl - gloucestergu - guildfordha - harrowhd - huddersfieldhg - harrogatehp - hempsteadhr - herefordhu - hullhx - halifaxig - ilfordip - ipswichiv - invernesska - kilmarnockkt - kingstonkw - kirkwallky - kirkcaldyl - liverpoolla - lancasterld - llandrindod wellsle - leicesterll - llandudnoln - lincolnls - leedslu - lutonm - manchesterme - rochestermk - milton keynesml - motherwelln - north londonne - newcastleng - nottinghamnn - northamptonnp - newportnr - norwichnw - north west londonol - oldhamox - oxfordpa - paisleype - peterboroughph - perthpl - plymouthpo - portsmouthpr - prestonrg - readingrh - redhillrm - romfords - sheffieldsa - swansease - south east londonsg - stevenagesk - stockportsl - sloughsm - suttonsn - swindonso - southamptonsp - salisburysr - sunderlandss - southendst - stoke on trentsw - south west londonsy - shrewsburyta - tauntontd - galashielstf - telfordtn - tonbridgetq - torquaytr - trurots - clevelandtw - twickenhamub - southallw - west londonwa - warringtonwc - londonwd - watfordwf - wakefieldwn - wiganwr - worcesterws - walsallwv - wolverhamptonyo - york homeinformationfast pass coursesld systemdriving schoolsdriving instructor trainingstorecontact usbook lessons onlinebook nowrequest information packrequest an info packrequest a call backrequest a phone callfree ldc theory taster appfind out moreuseful linksfree theory testfree hazard perception testfree highway codethe ld systemldc supportpopular productshazard perception express downloaddriving test completetheory test completetheory test express downloadhazard perception test completecontact usldc house, stuart road, pontefract, west yorkshire, wf8 4pq0800 400 777contact usfollow uscopyright © 2025 teaching driving ltd. all rights reserved. terms of service privacy policy cookie policy