



efeedlink - the agribusiness knowledge provider
































market data
technical forum
agri digital hub
publication
events
enewsletter

loginsubscribego










top stories









alltech welcomes new member to us dairy on-farm support team
friday, february 14, 2025
alltech announced that leticia souza has joined the us team as an on-farm support dairy specialist.











swinging between gains and losses: the new norm of white-feather broiler farming in china
friday, february 14, 2025
from the beginning of 2024 to the end of october, the price of white-feather broilers in china stayed between ¥8.00-7.50/kg (us$1.11-1.04/kg), with an average price of ¥7.85/kg (us$1.09/kg), down 12.66% from the average price of ¥8.99/kg (us$1.25/kg) in 2023, and down 13.37% from the average price of  ...











china vk3: prices climb further (week ended jul 1, 2024)
monday, july 8, 2024
tightened availability supported vitamin k3 prices to move higher.











phytobiotics: the power of biomarkers in swine production
friday, january 10, 2025
in the fast-evolving world of swine production, ensuring the health and performance of livestock is paramount. as producers strive to optimize growth rates, feed conversion ratios (fcr), and overall herd health, the integration of innovative nutritional solutions is essential. one potential solution is the use of plant ...









alltech welcomes new member to us dairy on-farm support team





swinging between gains and losses: the new norm of white-feather broiler farming in china





china vk3: prices climb further (week ended jul 1, 2024)





phytobiotics: the power of biomarkers in swine production







technical forummore






use of spray dried blood plasma for recovery of low viability piglets in nursery
the study objective was to evaluate if spray dried blood plasma (sdp) supplementation on commercial feed aids growth recovery of low viability weaned piglets during the nursery phase. two hundred low viability piglets weaned at 21 days of age were allotted by body weight (bw) group (low versus medium bw) to two treatme ...









exploring the potential of with phycogenics, new metabolites from seaweeds
novel combinations of natural extracts, from plants and seaweeds, offer alternative to growth promoters and support better performance of livestock animals.









probiotics as a friendly antibiotic alternative: assessment of their effects on the health and productive performance of poultry
antibiotics have been used to maintain the overall health of poultry by increasing production efficiency, promoting growth, and improving intestinal function for more than 50 years. however, they have a number of side effects, such as antibiotic resistance, gut dysbiosis, destruction of beneficial bacteria, and the pot ...







digital magazinemore





latest:
enhancing poultry farming: from genetics to premium broiler meat
at the farm level, a well-thought-out strategy is to ready solutions to combat and control issues that may arise during poultry production.







poultry production under pressure: climate change challenges
more can be done to ensure the resilience of poultry flocks - when it comes to profitability, it's not only about producing enough to reasonable volumes.





maximising livestock performance: the synergistic effect of feed supplements
together, feed supplements not only ensure a lower amount of feed required for optimal animal growth, but that such precious resources are fully utilised.






china marketmore






china ve: prices rise on tighter supply (week ended jul 1, 2024)
supplies of vitamin e dropped amid lower production, hence supporting prices to move higher.









china vd3: low availability fuels price rally (week ended jul 1, 2024)
supplies of vitamin d3 decreased prominently as producers cut or halted production. buyers restocked depleted inventories amid concerns that prices would surge further.









china soymeal: prices dip 6% in april  (week ended apr 29, 2024)
over the week, the closing price of cbot july soy futures rebounded by 1%.







spotlightmore






novus launches resource for dairy, swine, & poultry industries
novus international announced on december 10 the launch of its new global website (www.novusint.com) designed as a comprehensive resource for the dairy, swine and poultry sectors.








efl ag-data launches platform to "empower farmers with intelligence"





evonik releases its metamino atlas 2.0, re-confirming the "65% bioefficacy concept"





adisseo launches mycoman digital platform to tackle mycotoxin management






weekly newslettermore






swinging between gains and losses: the new norm of white-feather broiler farming in china
saturday, february 15, 2025
from the beginning of 2024 to the end of october, the price of white-feather broilers in china stayed between ¥8.00-7.50/kg (us$1.11-1.04/kg), with an average price of ¥7.85/kg (us$1.09/kg), down 12.66% from the average price of ¥8.99/kg (us$1.25/kg) in 2023, and down 13.37% from the average price of ¥9.06/kg (us$1.26 /kg) in 2022, the lowest in the past three years. among livestock, the price of white-feather broilers is the most sensitive to changes in supply and demand. 








china's anti-dumping investigation on canadian rapeseed imports and its impact
saturday, february 1, 2025





impact of agp ban on indonesia's poultry industry
saturday, january 25, 2025





domestic broilers expand market share in china - and head overseas
saturday, january 18, 2025








video >


to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video






most popular

diamond v looks to advance poultry food safety at ippe
cargill inaugurates "most modern" feed plant for shrimp in ecuador
lallemand to exhibit products and services at eurotier 2016
icc brazil to take part in the 8th latin american congress of animal nutrition
us soybean exports to china see drastic fall
adm, vland enter joint agreement for feed enzyme technology
cofco signs mou to buy one million tonnes of thai rice
silos cordoba announces appointment of sales director for western europe
wvpa-zoetis young poultry veterinarian of 2016 announced by wvpa
adisseo releases latest raw material nutrients mobile guide







follow us








about us
company profile
our team
our products & services


subscription
enewsletter


inquiry
contact us
advertise with us
partner with us





we use cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your browsing experience.this includes personalizing content and advertising. by continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies, updated privacy statement and terms of use.copyright ©2001 - 2025 efeedlink. all rights reserved.





