




















      university police department
      
      : texas state university
    














































































skip to content








search













contact us
campus safety










home


university police department




who we aremission, vision & valueshistoryprograms & servicesoffice of the chiefcontact updnewscampus safety






contact us
campus safety


current students
faculty & staff
family & visitors
alumni


athletics
give
library
round rock
news













division of finance and support services

university police department




university police department










file a report file a report in-person, by phone, or onlineif your incident is an emergency, call 9-1-1.if your incident is not on the list of incidents that may be reported online, please call our non-emergency line at 512-245-2805.the following types of incidents may be reported online:theft from a motor vehicle (burglary of a motor vehicle)hit and run crash identity theft / credit card abuse internet fraud theft vandalism or graffiti minor auto accidentsif you are reporting that a firearm has been stolen, you must make the report in-person at the police department (1321 academy street) or by calling (512)-245-2805.




file an online report

















upd is here 24/7
call us at 512.245.2805 or if it's an emergency call 911. explore other resources for connecting with upd 


contact us





















protecting & serving bobcats
upd serves an integral role in campus life as the university's main provider of safety and security for our faculty, staff, students, and visitors. we are dedicated to maintaining texas state university's legacy as a healthy and enriched educational environment.


mission, vision, and values


history


upd at a glance




















campus safety resourcesbecome familiar with upd services and regulations that keep the txst campus safe every day.












student safety resourceslearn best practices for safety as a student at txst and how upd is here to support you.












faculty & staff safety resourcesexplore the multiple resources and classes upd offers for txst faculty and staff.



















upd eventswe are excited to have you on campus! upd hosts many engaging events, come by and see us!












upd newsfind out what's happening at your bobcat community police department.


















start your career at upd
join our amazing team of dedicated professionals with jobs in criminal investigation, crime prevention, and command staffing.


learn more here

















university police department


pecan building - main station1321 academy stsan marcos, texas 78666  matthews st garage - substation206 student center drsan marcos, texas 78666  phone: 512-245-2805 


site map


facebooktwitter






                  resources
                  
                

                  resources
                

lost & found

emergency preparedness

safety training classes

facility access request

event security request

daily crime & fire log

upd access

annual security & fire safety report 






                connect
                

                connect
                



report a crime anonymously

sign up for txst alerts

programs & services

ride along with upd

community engagement

feedback & support

media inquiries

csa-clery act incident report















about texas state
careers
emergency info
apply
legal







            back to top
          









search terms

start search



select search scope



                      this site
                    




                      all texas state
                    




close search dialog








beginning of video dialog content

close video




previous video
next video

end of video dialog content




