



arts on the move providing drama teaching resources



































our shop
		
	  
e-shopscripts and musicalsdrama teaching materialspromote your businesshelphow to payguidanceperformance licencesterms and conditionsdeliveryreturns policylist of plays and teaching materials 
drama resources
		
	  
drama resourcesdrama gamesdrama methodscreative resourcespoemsseasonal poetrythe leavesthe little plantnarrative poetrythe heromatildathe pied piper of hamelinstoriestraditional storiesgoldilocks and the three bearscinderellastories from other timesthe thieves who couldn't help sneezingstories from other culturesafrican folk talesstories from indiaparablesthe giant turnipthe emperor's new clotheslegends and fableslegendsaesop's fables 
education
		
	  
drama in educationdrama at ks1drama activities for ks1drama resources for key stage 1drama at ks2drama activities for ks2drama resources for key stage 2drama at ks3drama activities for ks3drama resources for key stage 3drama and students with special needsdrama code of conductguidelines for socially distanced dramaprocess dramaassessing dramahealth and safety in a drama settingcreating a drama studio 
youth theatre
		
	  
youth theatreyouth theatre - advice and supportperforming rights and royaltiesother licencesinsurancerunning a youth theatrepractical support for running a youth theatrelightingset designstaging for youth theatre productionscostumespropsstage make-upstage combatspeeches for young actorsmonologues for 6-12 year oldsa midsummer night's dream (first fairy)the railway childrenmonologues for 12-18 year oldsa midsummer night's dream (puck)the rivalsduologues for 6-12 year oldscoronation fleetthe trousersa suitably happy endingfairy crystal and the really big lieduologues for 12-18 year oldslove me tenderthe examspellboundadvice for young actorsaudition tips for young actorsaudition tips for singing auditionsuseful addressesaudition advice - videossupporting your young actorgetting an agent for young actors 
bookstore
		
	  
bookstoredrama resourceplaysdrama and special needsdrama and theatremonologues, duologues, acting and audition advice 
directory
		
	  
directory of services, suppliers & specialistssuppliersservicesspecialists 
workshops
		
	  
courses and workshopsprimary drama insetsecondary drama insetprimary drama workshopssecondary drama workshops 













welcome to arts on the move
 arts on the move provides drama teaching resources for schools, youth theatres, drama groups and young actors





teaching materials & scripts
 
... for schools and theatre groups


drama & theatre books
 
... for drama teachers and actors


extensive online directory
 
... of great creative contacts


workshops & courses
 
... for teachers and students





drama teaching materialsgreat drama resources for the new and experienced drama practitioner. includes lesson plans, schemes of work, and drama packs that cover a wide range of subjects.

free drama resources
some of the most popular drama games and most useful drama methods are here, along with fabulous poems and stories that are perfect for stimulating drama work.





website of the month
 drama blocks ukdrama blocks uk manufacture drama rehearsal and performance blocks. we supply to schools theatres and drama groups. our blocks are made in a variety of sizes and painted to any colour. delivery to anywhere in the uk. for prices and more info send an email to dramablocksuk@gmail.com view in directory


latest post

arts on the move




 +44 (0) 7932551137
 info@artsonthemove.co.uk
 keep up to date



 close

subscribe to our mailing list



* indicates required














email format 
html
text





 














 






© 2005 - 2025 arts on the move

about us | privacy policy | terms of use | site map | contact 












     






share this page:











search arts on the move:



  








this site uses cookies for tracking and statistical purposes. please read our privacy policy for more information.

don't show this again








