











































    
    all saints' episcopal church: glorifying god in the heart of lakeland, florida
  
  














                  

 

 

 

   created by potrace 1.10, written by peter selinger 2001-2011
 









  call us (863) 688-4502



    


     home



  welcome


   start here



  take a tour



  worship



  worship experience



  parking options



  special events



  calendar of events





  about


   music



  clergy



  clergy and staff



  vestry leaders



  our history



  contact us



  spiritual formation





  media


   livestreamed services



  daily office lectionary



  worldviews with dr. snyder



  hospitality and spirituality



  bible study with fr. reid



  world religions with dr. snyder



  parish academy classes


   c. s. lewis's ransom trilogy



  the lewis essays



  writers c. s. lewis admired



  hospitality spirituality





  my jam



  2024 in photos





  resources


   sacraments



  the holy bible



  the book of common prayer



  the hymnal 1982



  lectionary





  ministries


   children



  youth



  outreach



  programming



  nursery



  order of st. luke



  education





  give












    
 





        worship
﻿with us

  our vision is to lead all people into a deeper relationship with god and each other in christ, develop the gifts and talents of our parishioners through teaching and preaching the word of god, and transform our parishioners and families to be on mission for

﻿god's glory in our community.

   

service times




   
 welcome to all saints' episcopal church
  we are a people called to share the gospel of jesus christ.

we worship, honor, and glorify god in spirit and truth, inspiring a love for god and neighbor.

by god’s grace, we seek to follow jesus, receiving forgiveness and extending it to others.

we are earnest in pursuing god’s wisdom for our lives through prayer, bible study, and sound christian education.

﻿our church family strives to be loving and caring, welcoming and serving everyone in the name of jesus.



      



 diocese
  the
episcopal diocese of central florida is a
diocese in
florida in
province iv of the
episcopal church. it is bounded on the north by the
episcopal diocese of florida, on the east by the
atlantic ocean, on the south by the dioceses of
southeast florida and
southwest florida and on the west by the
gulf of mexico.

     






 give
  “generosity is the virtue of giving good things to others freely and abundantly.” in matthew 10:8, jesus really highlights this particular definition of generosity, when he says to the disciples, “freely, you have received, freely give.” being obligated to give good things to people isn't generosity at all;

﻿we desire to give freely.

     










 photos
 if you’re anything like us, you’re taking more photos than ever but there’s an important next step which is often overlooked — organizing and archiving.google photos is our favorite solution for storing, organizing, and sharing photos and videos.﻿
    



 services
  we are proud of our state-of-the-art livestreamed sunday services. our tech team has spent years and countless hours making the presentation more about preaching and teaching and less about the technology. we have years of archived services, in case you missed something or are new to out church.



    




  


       readings for this sunday

 bulletins for this sunday


 

   the seventh sunday after the epiphany


february 23, 2025old testament: genesis 45:3-11, 15psalm: psalm 37:1-12, 41-42epistle: 1 corinthians 15:35-38, 42-50gospel: luke 6:27-38the collect:o lord, you have taught us that without love whatever we do is worth nothing: send your holy spirit and pour into our hearts your greatest gift, which is love, the true bond of peace and of all virtue, without which whoever lives is accounted dead before you. grant this for the sake of your only son jesus christ, who lives and reigns with you and the holy spirit, one god, now and for ever. amen.download the podcast with rev. kathy!also available on your favorite podcast platform, facebook, and youtube. click here to watch in video format. 




 

   download now (pdf)


the sixth sunday after the epiphany, holy eucharist rite ii, february 16, 2025 - 8:50 a.m.the sixth sunday after the epiphany, holy eucharist rite ii, february 16, 2025 - 10:50 a.m.bulletins are uploaded on the friday before these sunday services. 









   
 livestreamed services




     



   





     

video archive




    spiritual formation is what we offer.


christian spiritual formation is a holistic way of understanding growth in body, mind, and spirit.
it is the process of being conformed to the image of jesus for the glory of the father through intentional practices and experiences. 

  

learn more








       


    

 

 

 

   created by potrace 1.10, written by peter selinger 2001-2011
 









 about us  we are earnest in pursuing god’s wisdom for our lives through prayer, bible study, and sound christian education. our church family strives to be loving and caring, welcoming and serving everyone in the name of jesus.

 contact info mailing address:
209 south iowa avenue, lakeland, fl 33801physical address:
202 south massachusetts avenue, lakeland, fl 33801 (863) 688-4502tcomegys@teamallsaints.org
     home



  special events



  contact us



  give



  onrealm






















































































































  
  share by:












