






edtech leaders online










































home


about


work


multimedia


testimonials


contact









innovators in online learning






edtech leaders online
our goal is engaging and accessible online learning that helps you fulfill your educational mission.
read more









about edtech leaders online
organizations with educational and training missions such as state departments of education, school districts, libraries, museums, colleges, nonprofits, and foundations are working hard to leverage innovative technology to meet the needs of students and adult learners.
edtech leaders online's online content development services are tailored to the specific learning needs of children and adults. we can help transform your existing educational content or design new content and effective delivery systems for online and blended models.






our work




crystal bridges museum of american art
learn more about how edtech leaders online helped to make american art more engaging and accessible to students.








rel-nei workshops
practitioners now have the opportunity to build their skills related to data use via self-paced courses.








infectious diseases
explore our site, which provides the public with up-to-date information on infectious agents and how diseases are spread.













multimedia elements






timeline





matching





sequencing





                 click the icons above to view information on the corresponding multimedia sample.
             














timeline of outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics
this interactive timeline we created for the exploring infectious diseases site shows the occurrence of a sample of outbreaks, epidemics, and pandemics over human history.  information is provided on the agents of diseases and the ecological, social, cultural, and biological factors involved in their spread. 



view exploring infectious diseases timeline









art history matching
in the art appreciation and american identity course, students will use this activity to check their understanding of a given unit. the goal is to match each thumbnail representing a piece of artwork with the correct description. in addition to providing a quick walkthrough of the interactive, this video also provides a glimpse into our design process.



view art history matching








rel-nei sequencing
this sequencing exercise, which occurs in the rel-nei  online professional development center, is one of a number of self-assessments we have built into their three online workshops. here, the participant tries putting the steps of a process in order and is given feedback based on how close the sequence is to the correct order of steps.



view rel-nei sequencing










from our clients



edc was able to quickly understand our educational philosophy and create a unique online learning experience that fulfilled all of our objectives including student centered learning. in addition, they created a learning environment that was aesthetically beautiful and intuitive. we could not have chosen a better partner!
anne kraybill, director of education and research in learning
crystal bridges museum of american art


capcsd and its members have been impressed with the professionalism and dedication of the team at edc. they are expert in combining instructional design principles with the appropriate technologies. we consider them a key partner in the success of our project. 
carol cardinale dudding, associate professor
council of academic programs in csd (capcsd)


working with edc to transform our face-to-face reading academy was one of my most rewarding professional collaborations. i dreaded the thought of turning an enormous amount of content into engaging, thoughtful and effective online learning. but edc did all that. amazing!
linda diamond, ceo
core, inc.







contact


we look forward to hearing from you.

nevin katz, edtech leaders online
nkatz@edc.org
617-618-2415
















