






      the foxearth and district local history society. home page
    





        the foxearth and district local history society
      



introduction
current activities 
the f&dlhs facebook group 
old newspaper stories
all publications
photographic gallery
maps
the hysterical historian
censuses
obituaries of local residents
suffolk words
book reviews
links.
the site
families, friends and genealogies
outings for historians


        this is the website of the foxearth and district local history society.
        it is dedicated to the publication of research materials gained by its
        members on the local history of this part of east anglia, in
        england.

local group - 
		  events and information





      latest publications




some local villages on kelly's directory of 1900

kelly's directory is a valuable way to discover the shop-keepers, tradesmen, landowners, professionals and local dignitaries in every village at the turn of the 19th/20th century.
       it also gives a brief description of every village, mostly concentrating on the churches and charities, but mentioning schools and postal services. it's a valuable resource for the family or local historian. 
        
        
          kelly's directory
        






cavendish through the lens


        keith slater's presentation, now available as a pdf 
		  from this website, provides a walk in sequence through cavendish from one end to the other in old postcards, showing many areas of cavendish and also the people who lived there 
        
          keith slater
        


      professional photographers took photos of beauty-spots for the tourist trade, but also photos of communities, with their cottages and children. the resulting postcards, displayed in the local post offices, were eagerly purchased by families to send to distant relatives and friends, often annotated with names and arrows.
      



listed buildings and protected sites of foxearth, borley, liston and pentlow


        the planners of braintree district council have, in the past, referred to the north hinkford parishes as the heritage jewels
         of the braintree district. it isn't hard to see why: the parishes that border the upper stour are one of the few unspoiled 
         pre-industrial landscapes in essex, rich in mediaeval buildings and landscape features.



glemsford's water supply


        glemsford's waterworks was the greatest and most visible project of the glemsford urban district council. glemsford managed, 
in 1896, to break away from the yoke of the melford rural district (created in 1894). it survived as a separate organisation until
 1935. despite its various problems, the new water supply became a life-saver for the residents of glemsford.        
          by andrew clarke
        

a 
		sample of the water was submitted to analysis, when it was found that 
		the quantity of iron contained in it was more than 4 1/2 times greater 
		than in 1907. this result was very disappointing.



james spalding gardiner of borley lodge: family, farm and politics


        james spalding gardiner (1820-1910) was the patriarch of a large family, a farmer applying scientific methods, and a political campaigner.  he belonged to a social class that can be described as “yeoman farmer”, situated in the rural hierarchy below the gentry but above small-holders and labourers
        
          by andrew le sueur
        

gardiner was deeply engaged in politics. he was driven by a mix of strong civic duty, a search for justice, love for the countryside (which he thought ignored or misunderstood by westminster and whitehall) and love for his country (which he feared would be undermined by irish home rule)
      



a history of clare castle

a lot has been written about clare castle over the years, but there is little that 
		  serves as an introduction, and pulls all the evidence together
      to attempt a fuller picture that explains why it is there and its purpose. andrew clarke
        

at the start of the seventeenth century, the castle and lands went into private ownership.
 

at the time, a suffolk traveller, robert reyce, noted that the castle was in, ‘lamentable ruins upon a most beautiful situation’ 
and it seems that the town had only six-hundred inhabitants.



a chronology of east anglian weather events over the past millenium

it helps the local historian to understand many historical events by knowing what the transitory and long-term weather
 was like. over years of work as a local historian, david lindley has built up an archive of reports of weather events in east anglia. david lindley
        

1917:august 8 -- a terrific storm burst over bulmer on sunday last with  2 inches of rain in two hours, 
corn which was shocked was severely damaged especially the oats. 
at lower houses, two cottages were flooded  to a depth of 3 feet, the inhabitants having to take refuge in the  bedrooms. 
upper houses was entirely cut off and they had to be taken  through the floods by albert rowe with a horse and cart. 
g.english of  hole farm, saved his pigs with difficulty, during the past week they have  had 5 inches of rain.
      



 the fieldnames of cavendish from the cavendish tithe map of 1846

how and why we created a map of the fieldnames of cavendish, and why it became an intriguing task.  andrew clarke
        

for the people who lived in cavendish 
until the mid-twentieth century, the landscape and the fields were a central 
part of their lives. most people here worked on the land, or on the products 
that were manufactured from the produce of the fields. the rest sold them the 
things they needed to live their lives. they could recite the names of all the 
fields from pitchers to finsted end and tell you of their vices and virtues. 
they knew all the farms, their produce and their prosperity.
      



the building of the sudbury railway

an account of a remarkable undertaking: the promotion and building of the railway line to sudbury from marks tey, and its effect on the community. andrew clarke
        

”as the train entered the branch line at marks tey, the engine's chimney struck the  triumphal arch, causing it to crash onto the boiler of the engine. thus garlanded, the train continued on its way to sudbury, being greeted en route by a band at bures and bells at sudbury, where a great crowd awaited it. ”



hinkford poll-tax account of 1381

a remarkable survival of poll-tax records with the names of many local people and their trades in the fourteenth century
”one should also note the enormous proportion of artisans in some of the
villages. the most likely explanation is that each recorder took a different view of the categories and some lumped everyone who 
worked manually in one category, others were keen to distinguish all the trades they could”



memories of an essex farm worker from the 1840s

the rural world of essex in the 1840s, remembered in 1900 by 'joseph' who was brought up on a farm in a village.
”i remember travelling from witham to chelmsford in 1843, in an open railway carriage,
       that is, with no roof, sides, or windows, and with seats for the passengers resembling forms built on the floor of the truck. 
       this line, now the great eastern railway, was unique in running fifty miles from london without a tunnel”



the hinckford surnames in the 1851 census


        an index of the surnames of the local essex families mentioned in the 1851 census in the hinckford hundred, the parishes of northern essex.
      





borley register of burials 1656-1812

the parish register of burials for borley



the fieldnames of pentlow, foxearth, borley and liston

at long last, a fairly complete list of the field names of the four parishes, along with their location and the farm they belonged to.
”field names can come from a variety of things,
 such as the nature of the soil,its size and location, the lie of the land, the crops, livestock, wild animals and plants, buildings 
 or land ownership. sometimes, it can come from a historical event such as a battle, or the site of former industry such as a windmill. 
 field names can date back many centuries and some have certainly lasted from when field names were first recorded in the thirteenth century.”



the householders of pentlow, liston, borley and foxearth, 1837



a list of all the householders in the four parishes, in alphabetic order, along with where they lived.
”only 237 householders were recorded. the population was much larger, but only the head of each household was recorded. this is because
     the purpose of the tithe survey was to establish who was renting from whom, and who was responsible for  paying tithes, and how much. the 
     censuses were a more reliable source for the names and the size of the population”



tom hastie 1929 – 2012

an account of the funeral service of tom hastie (gh), the local historian who was responsible for so much of the contents of this website 
”in his retirement tom visited the bury record office week by week to study old newspapers where he would write down fascinating snippets of reported events giving incredible glimpses of life as it was  over the last 300 years.
”



the viall indenture

recently, the society was given the original of a nineteenth century indenture. to our surprise, it detailed some of the lands formerly owned by samual viall who was a wealthy landowner resident in cavendish.  
        
”and, after that, of the said john aldham and also all those pieces of freehold land whereof was called ‘lattingswell’ or otherwise and the other of them ‘mill hill’; land containing together by estimation 2 acres and 3 roods with the same more or less lying and being in foxearth.”



white's description of sudbury 1841

white's directory of suffolk (1841) contains a detailed entry for sudbury, with plenty of useful information for the local and family historian
          william white
        

"for a long period before and after 1813, the vacancies in the hospital were not filled up, and the charity was grossly-abused. in 1822, there being only one person living in the hospital, (a man named rayner,) and he was driven to apply for parochial relief.”



white's description of long melford: 1841

white's directory of suffolk (1841) contains a fulsome description long melford, with a list of all the eminent residents and trades people
          william white
        

"melford, (long) the largest and one of the handsomest villages in suffolk, is picturesquely seated on the north side of the vale of the river stour, on the banks of one of its tributary streams.”



white's description of cavendish and glemsford 1841

white's directory of suffolk (1841) contains a description of cavendish and glemsford, including a list of all the local tradespeople and dignatories
          william white
        




white's description of the county of suffolk, 1841

white's directory of 1841 contained an introduction with some intersting statistics about the rise in population of the county by more than one-third from 1801 to 1841 and about the state of care of the poor, sick and needy in the county
          william white
        

on the ground of bribery and corruption, sudbury has now no representatives in parliament, and proceedings have been some time in progress for its disfranchisement.”



fifteen months in a haunted house.

the fictionalised account of the haunting of borley rectory, written by
         the late rector of borleyrev. lionel foyster
        

the ghostly experiences recorded can be vouched for by at least one of the characters mentioned in the book, and most of them by my wife and myself: many of them also witnessed by other disinterested people. they have been recorded just as they happened, no matter how impossible they may appear to be, or what skeptical people may have to say on the subject. it is another instance of the old saying “fact is stranger than fiction.”



the little world of harry price.

tho was the man behind the two famous books about borley rectory? was he really the psychic detective he made himself out to be? 
          richard morris
        

harry price was driven by two passions, a yearning 
	 for academic respectability, and the esteem of his peers. he always gave a 
	 first impression of an extremely likeable and clubbable man,  and 
	 when the subsequent showed his more devious and ruthless side, it took 
	 others off-guard.  he was always a salesman.



harry price and the borley rectory affair.

when you read about borley rectory, and harry price's role in it, you tend to get detail. here instead is the overview of what probably happened. 
          andrew clarke
        

what makes the borley rectory affair unusual is the way that the characters leap out of the books as if larger than life.



bygone cavendish

this is not really a history of cavendish, but a potpourri of the researches of the rector of cavendish in the 1950s  
          rev j. d. barnard, rector of cavendish
        

mr. peter never occupied the old rectory, but built the new one situated to the north west of the green. this served as the rectory till 1947, when its upkeep proved too difficult in the hard days that followed the second great war, and a house called the yews standing opposite the pond, or waver, to give it its local name, was purchased as rectory no.3, and rectory no.2 was sold. there is probably no other parish that can boast of three rectories within 400 yards of each other.



the parish church of st gregory at pentlow

although pentlow church is probably the smallest of the local churches, 
		  it is undoubtedly the oldest, and retains much of its original appearance.  
          andrew clarke
        

pentlow church is a very old saxon church, probably over a thousand years old, and possibly even dating from the early years of the seventh century during the revival of christianity in east anglia. the church of st. gregory and st george (previously st george), is one of only four ancient round towered churches in essex and is its most northerly church. 
      



the history and antiquities of the the county of suffolk: the introduction


        one of the first major county histories of suffolk was written by the rev. alfred suckling and published in 1845. the introduction is charmingly written, opinionated but lively.
        
          rev. alfred suckling
        

suffolk is unhappily not free from examples of modern church building, those 
plague-spots of architectural beauty. should the stability of these structures transmit them 
to posterity, which is greatly to be questioned, they will furnish to the pupils of a reviving 
school, remarkable monuments of deficiency of taste, and ignorance of architectural 
adaptation. 
      


stan kirby at dunkirk 
		


        stan kirby was one of the thousands who were rescued on the beaches on 
		dunkirk in june 1940. this is his story.
        
          dl
        

‘cor’ said i, ‘there’ll soon be enough for one each’. several boats had been hit and were out of commission as far as we were concerned. one or two bodies laid at the waters edge, we were told they were ones that started to jump the queues. could of course have been start of panic, if not stopped at the start
      


pentlow church records. births from 1539 to 1836


        this is the final part of an ambitious project to place the entire parish records of pentlow church
	 on the internet. this lists the births in the parish from 1539 to 1814.
         
          gh
        





pentlow church records. marriages from 1539 to 1836


        this is part of an ambitious project to place the entire parish records of pentlow church
	 on the internet. this lists the weddings in the parish from 1539 to 1836.
        
          gh
        





pentlow church records. deaths from 1539 to 1852


        this is the start of an ambitious project to place the entire parish 
		records of pentlow church on the internet. this first instalment lists 
		most of the deaths in the parish from 1539 to 1852.
        
          gh
        

thomas norfolk the son of thomas norfolk of poslingforde, riding on pentlowe bridge the 4th day february, being then a great water was then drowned.
      



beccles, the wartime years

a fascinating glipse into what life was like in an east anglian town during the last war, taken from the local paper
        
        
          david lindley
        


...




...the carnal use of her body

in which we hear of the immorality of a pentlow girl, and the intrigue that followed on her pregnancy. from the epiphany 1589 sessions rolls.
        
        
          essex county archive
        


...that he allured her to commit whoredom with him, and that he has had the carnal use of her body divers and sundry times since, but how often she remembers not.




the stour navigation

the navigation of the river stour was made famous by constable, whose family prospered mightily from it. it has led to the assumption that the river hadn't been navigable before...not so!
        
        
          andrew clarke
        

'the leading boat contained a small platform at the bows to enable the towing horse to be ferried across the river when the tow path crossed from one side to the other. this occurred thirty-three times on the trip from sudbury to brantham. at bures, the towpath changed side six times. the horses were, of course, specially trained.'
      



this notorious borough


      elections conducted by the borough of sudbury, were, at one time, conducted disgracefully. 'the expenditure at the election in 1835, when bribery was unrestrained by either party, amounted upon an average to at least £35 a man for men of all description upon the register.'




		'...gross, systematic and extensive bribery prevailed at the last election for the borough of sudbury'
      



captain bennett investigated


	this is an account of a fifteen year quest into the mystery of the contents of captain bennets trunk. it all started when michael was talking to the essex historian herbert hope lockwood in front of the bennett monument in st margaret's church, barking. "it's strange" said bert "but no-one really knows anything about him, apart from the hearsay that bennett (or his father) was one of admiral sir clowdisley shovell's captains and that he survived the great scillies disaster of 1707 through sheer navigational skill".
        
          michael wand
        

'i give and bequeath unto the said abraham edlin all the furniture in the room called my chamber together with the chest of drawers and the iron chest with all that is therein contained upon this condition that he do not disclose or make known the contents thereof or any part thereof to any person and in case he do make the same known contrary to this my desire my will and meaning is that he forfeits this my devise to him and in that case i give the same unto my cousin mary masters'
      



the thaxted organ


	at thaxted church is the most original georgian church organ in existence, famous also for being the organ on which gustav holst composed the famous 'thaxted hymn', the central part of 'juupiter' in the planets suite. of course, it is now under threat, and the leading expert on church organs, nicholas thistlethwaite, gives the details of this national treasure in this fascinating account	
        
          the revd canon dr nicholas thistlethwaite
        

'when the verger was about to ring the bell and summon the congregation for the usual week-day evening service, he could produce no sound.  still many were assembled, and divine service proceeded; but when the minister ascended the pulpit, he perceived, from signs not to be mistaken, that the whole of the immense and massive roof had shifted and sunk, and might at any instant crush him and the whole congregation'
      



list of the beccles men who served in the great war 1914 - 1918


        this is a meticulous transcription of the list of the beccles men who served in the first world war. this was published in book form in july 1920, and based on the official rolls published during the great war and a great deal of research, including house-to-house distribution of forms sent out in july and collected in early october, 1919
        
          transcribed by nick pulford
        

the committee responsible for the publication of this list feel that no apology
        for any seeming delay will be needed by any one who at all realizes the amount of
        labour entailed in its preparation and the many difficulties in the way of carrying
        it to a successful issue.
      



beccles in the newspapers, a collection of transcriptions


 beccles' historian, david lindley, has assembled a huge archive of transcriptions taken from local papers about beccles and the surrounding area, a mine of information to anyone interested in the town, and about the history of town-life in east anglia
        
           david lindley 2006
        


 it  would  be  difficult  to  describe  the  mingled  feelings  of  surprise  and  horror
excited  by  the  sad  report  which  was  whispered  at  every  breakfast  table  in  the  town  on  wednesday
morning.  seldom  has  such  a  gloom  been  cast  over  the  town,  and  the  rumour  was  at  first  deemed

incredible.  



the streets of beccles. a historical resource


 the well-known beccles' historian david lindley has assembled a huge archive of transcriptions taken from a wide range of historical sources, and arranged them by the road or area of beccles, to allow people researching a location to do so easily. it is a huge resource of great value to local historians throughout east anglia
        
           david lindley 2006
        


the earliest  mention of the old market in the history of beccles is rather unflattering. in 1418 three men were up before the court of 
the manor of beccles charged with not removing a dungheap from the old market despite having been ordered to do so at the 
previous court six months earlier. it must have matured during that time! they were fined eight pence.    



a snapshot in time... the norfolk chronicle from 1780-1783


 janelle penney has meticulously gone through the norfolk chronicle from 1780 to 1783, and transcribed, from the microfishe, everything of interest in the newspaper, from advertisements, letters, news, announcements and gossip, and has caught a snapshot of a fascinating age    
        
           janelle penney 2006
        


...we hear that among the many natural curiosities that adorn this kingdom,
not any thing affords a greater satisfaction to the public than the oriental
boggery, or royal hunting tygress [sic],  the only one alive in the three
kingdoms, now exhibiting, together with several other animals, and
curious birds, all alive, at the swan with two necks, the upper side of
the market-place....       



the old timbered houses of sudbury


 william hodson was a pioneering antiquarian who published this charming account of sudbury in the 1887 journal of the suffolk institute of archaeology and natural history. hodson was a man of extraordinary energy who did much to record sudbury's past at a time that old houses, paintings and documents were little valued. he died in 1894.       
        
          ww hodson  1887
        


...in several of the houses in this street are seen the outlines of small rectangular, or square windows, now blocked up by the side of larger openings. many of the upper stories overhang the narrow footway, and the low rooms, whose brick or pamment floors are beneath the street level, have plain or moulded ceiling joists, with plaster between the rafters. by the side of the narrow fireplaces are long narrow cupboards, shewing where the wide open hearths and cosy "ingle-nooks" formerly were...       



i ring for the general dance


        the title of this short article about gustav holst and the 'planets suite' is taken from a mysterious inscription on one of the bells in the tower of thaxted church. the following was written after visiting the church, and pondering on the lack of anything other than an eight page pamphlet about the church's most famous musician who wrote 'the planets suite' whilst staying at thaxted before and during the first world war. 
        



		'it was the first time he had known what it felt like to be living in the depths of the country, where the everyday things that he had always taken for granted became suddenly transformed into matters of vital importance. water had to be pumped, and when the rain-water butts were empty the sky would be anxiously scanned for clouds of the right shape. and when the rain fell, day after day, it would prove a calamity for having interfered with they hay-making or the harvest.'
      



the haunted rectory

the initial proofs of a long-lost script for a bbc radio program dating from 1956, with contributions from many of those people who were directly involved in the affair, has recently turned up. it is a wonderful summary of the affair, for anyone who wants a 'helicopter view' of an extraordinary business.
        
          burroughs, sutton, goldney, salter, underwood, howe, douglas-home, glover, cuddon& henning
        

what we need is not so much discussion of events of so many years ago, as more research into these apparently preternatural manifestations, without publicity and without practical jokers and  without fraudulent psychical researchers.
      



agricultural calendar-the farmers' year

this fascinating account of the farming year was taken from webb's practical farmers' account book, dated around 1900, but probably written some time earlier. clare sewell read was an east anglian farmer.
        
        
          clare sewell read
        


		'the farmer's brightest prospects are now bursting upon him, and the fields are all ripening to harvest, while the wavy corn recalls the many bygone years of "peace with plenty crowned," and the many happy harvest homes.'
      



ted and louie's memories of foxearth; 


        ted heathcote worked at wards' brewery in foxearth as an engineer from 1946-1960. the society's first book, 'foxearth brew', by richard morris, relied on ted's memories for the details of the brewery in the 1950s
        
         ted and louie heathcote
        


		i think that the position of engineer at ward's brewery attracted me more because a house went with it rather than the work. this work entailed many varied jobs combining maintenance of two steam boilers, electrical generating equipment, refrigerating chilling plant, plumbing and water pumping plant, beer boiling machines and washing machines, rewiring various houses and the 35 public houses houses owned by ward and son.
      



the chelmsford ballad


		the story of the chelmsford barber and mary whale is recorded in great detail in the report of the chelmsford hundred jury for 1602. the story has it all, sex, public outrage, libel, attempted bribery, violence and poetry.
        
        
          humphrey clarke
        

but if clim poope were now alive
he would not wish himself to thrive
till he had cuckold his brother whale
but tut, this news is very stale
      



the charismatic charles jay

the 1870s were a low point on the relations between farmers and their 
workforce in east anglia, and essex saw some of the greatest militancy. it 
all ended in the farmers claiming complete victory in their organised 
campaign of 'lockouts'. it was a hollow victory, as farming was about to be 
plunged into a recession that was to last over fifty years. out of these 
troubled times emerged a figure that now seems like the stuff of heroes. he 
appeared out of nowhere and disappeared just as quickly, the charismatic 
charles jay' 

        
        
          andrew clarke
        

we now take the pleasure of thanking you for your trouble you are takeing for us. three of us revive at 3 o'clock, and 3 at seven o'clock. we had a good round the station and then we had the beef we should not have at home. then see
      the magor and he sent a man round the streets to show us about, on tuesday we were swareing in as constables, and 2 suits of good clothes, and then the drill came, we can do that better than hopping over clods all day.
      



the danes' skin


        since time beyond memory, children and tourists have have been shown
        the doors of some essex churches, and told the story of the danish
        pirate who was flayed alive and his skin nailed to the church door
        where it lies to this day underneath the ironwork.
        


        "....he heard his master say that he had read in an old history that
        the church of copford was robbed by danes, and their skins nailed to
        the doors; upon which, some gentlemen, being curious, went thither and
        found a sort of tanned skin, thicker than parchment, which is supposed
        to be human skin, nailed to the door of the said church, underneath the
        said iron-work, some of which skin is still to be seen."
      



fred pawsey and the sharp tool


        before coming to cavendish and becoming an intrinsic part of our
        village life, squadron leader f pawsey dfc was one of the ace spitfire
        pilots of ww2, between 1942 and 1944. later in life, fred pawsey jp
        became headmaster of headingham secondary school, and later helped to
        run hedingham comprehensive.
        


        "these were hectic times and there was air combat but we were almost
        entirely engaged in ground attacks on railways, bridges, motor
        transport and even leaflet dropping !. the german flack was becoming
        extremely accurate and we lost a number of aircraft but with my "sharp
        tool" (the spitfire), my good eye and common sense and luck i survived.
      



the 1867 harvest home
        celebrations, foxearth


        michael heathcote found this delightful piece of past history amongst a
        bundle of old papers found stuffed in between the joists of a ceiling
        and floor in an old house in sudbury where he was working
        
          suffolk and essex free press sepateber 19th 1867
        


        'those who had been employed in (the fields and who had endured the
        heat and burden of harvest time had special cause of gratitude to him
        who had spared them and blessed the labours of their hands. they might
        not forget how, during a portion of this harvest time, not a few were
        stricken down by the excessive heat and unable to pursue their work,
        while others were called away from their harvest toil, in the midst of
        their employment, and from among their companions in labour, to their
        final account.'
      



no beasts for draught but oxen


        the use of teams of oxen for ploughing still determines the way the
        east-anglian landscape looks. headlands and field-boundaries were
        designed to accomodate the long teams of yoked oxen. because the horse
        became more popular, we have forgotten the important role of the oxen
        in pre-industrial farming.
        
          michael williams and h. h. kames
        


        for two thousand years and more, oxen (or bullocks) were the main
        beasts of burden on british farms and roads. then, in the 40 years from
        1800 to 1840, they all but disappeared - hustled into history by social
        reforms, industrialisation and a growing need for speed.
      



foxearth brew, the
        story of an east anglian brewery


        the f&dlhs's first printed publication, the story of ward's
        foxearth brewery.
        
          richard morris
        


        what was a vicar doing closing down the local brewhouse, apparently to
        stamp out vice in the parish, only to become the covert investor in a
        brewery? what was the nature of the close relationship between the
        vicar and the young, handsome son of a brewer? what was behind the
        accusations of rape against the vicar, and the counter-accusations of
        the running of a brothel? why did the vicar and his brother purchase
        almost every house in the village? what triggered the poisonous quarrel
        between the wealthy farmer and the priest?
      



the song of the emigrant
        ship


        why is the australian accent so close to the east-anglian? why are
        towns and cities in america and canada named after suffolk and essex
        places? here is the story of nineteenth-century emigration from the
        region
        
          humphrey clarke
        


        over the course of the 1800s, thousands of people had migrated in
        search of a better life, their correspondence reveals that the majority
        were successful, alluding to the suffering they had escaped whilst
        expressing their joy at the higher standard of living and increased
        opportunities they now received. by the end of the century people from
        the eastern counties were spread amoungst britain's colonies and the
        emerging united states, provoked to move from their birthplace by the
        grinding struggle of rural life in an age of agricultural depression
        and social change.
      



the pebmarsh severed
        head


        a shocking story about an attempted massacre, and a grisly murder by a
        deranged farmer at pebmarsh.
        
          halstead & colne valley gazette
        


        in reply to my question prisoner said, "i have shot a sheep and here's
        the head, mate," at the same time handing me the bowl. at first i
        thought it was a sheep's head, but on looking at it 1 saw it was the
        head of the deceased, whom i knew very well. 
        i said "sam, whatever have you been doing? you have killed poor old
        cockerill." he said "i shot a cock pheasant and he came down with it."
      



the rise and fall
        of foxearth spire


        foxearth's church spire was one of the glories of the border parishes,
        130 feet high, and visible for miles around. after a freak summer storm
        in 1948, it was suddenly gone.
      

        perhaps the worst result of the storm locally was the destruction of
        the lofty spire of foxearth parish church. it is thought that the spire
        was struck by lightning and the wind blew the wreckage into the
        adjoining field, the tower also being damaged. here, as elsewhere,
        trees were blown down the rectory and brewery house were damaged. also
        other property in the village.
      



evasion in france …


        a story of phlegmatic courage, by an allied airman who had crashed
        behind enemy lines, and of the french resistance who risked torture and
        death to help him to evade capture and return. butch baker later became
        a well-known and much-liked foxearth resident who contributed greatly
        to the community; affable, good-humoured and generous.
        
          butch baker
        


        a german officer stopped his car by me, got out and spoke to me.
        through a daze i realized he was asking me the way somewhere.
        fortunately my face was covered with dirt and bristles so its changes
        of colour were not noticeable. i quickly said i was a stranger myself
        to these parts. an innocent looking frenchman was passing on his
        bicycle so i pointed to him and said he might know. he must also have
        been doing something nefarious as he just about fell off his bicycle
        when i pointed at him. of course he might have caught sight of my dirty
        face.
      



three weeks to la
        panne;
        a diary of dunkirk


        this is one of the few genuine diaries of the dunkirk evacuation,
        written by a young lieutenant who eventually lived in pentlow on
        retirement.
        
          ralph clarke
        


        rumour comes that the cre has been killed. "oh my god!" says graham,
        but his face lightens for a moment on hearing that it is some other
        cre. it is in fact le sueur. he, hodgson and galloway were talking
        together on the beach when another bomb from the same stick as mine
        killed all three. tubby white was wounded. now it is not fun anymore.
      



violent and indecent
        behavior in the church


        on the surface, this particular quarrel involved a difference of
        opinion over whether a pew could be reserved, or 'appropriated' for a
        particular family. such appropriations were simply a matter of custom
        and had no legal basis. however, much more was at stake, as the local
        farmers squared off against a high-church rector with radical social
        beliefs.
        
          bury and norwich post 1862
        


        mr gardiner returned to where i was sitting and came directly into the
        bench and said to me  "you consider yourself a gentleman, but you
        have proved yourself a low blackguard".  he was in a great passion
        and this was said loud enough to be heard all over the church. i
        said  "thank you for your compliment". i spoke in a quiet
        whisper;'
      



a short history of
        glemsford


        rev kenneth glass wrote this booklet in 1962. it has not been bettered
        as a general introduction to the history of the village and so we
        managed to trace him to get his kind permission to republish the work.
        
          by rev kenneth glass
        


        tye green still remains where in olden time the tythings were held, a
        very different public meeting was held there on a warm saturday in
        august 1900 when a deputation from ipswich and district trades and
        labour council was present. here the gathering of mat weavers was told
        that it was surprising the low wage paid to their craftsmen, and a
        wonder how they existed on it. the female workers of the silk industry
        were urged to combine and try and improve the conditions under which
        they worked.
      



cavendish in the twentieth
        century


        frank hale was born in cavendish in 1912. in 1978, he described his
        memories of old cavendish to his granddaughter sarah. frank ran the
        butchers' shop in the village
      

        "he had a huge hood that went right over the top of the cart like a
        pram has, and a lot of us boys when he went by the green, used to all
        hang on the back of the cart, and we could stop the pony. the old man
        used to get his whip and try to hit us, but when he'd got his hood up
        he couldn't see us."
      



glemsford in the early
        1920s


        this is a transcript of a tape recording made by ted hartley of
        glemsford, december 1978. the hartley family had been wheelwrights in
        the village since at least 1750.
d.e.weston, clare middle school


        'when the watertower was painted on the inside every 3 or 4 years, the
        water became undrinkable, so the villagers fetched brook water in cans
        and buckets.'
      



cavendish
        recollections 1820-1894


        anyone interested in cavendish and the families who lived there in the
        nineteenth century will be fascinated by this detailed description of
        the village over a hundred years ago, before the railway had come, and
        when the roads were surfaced with stones.
        
          john. braybrooke
        


        "at the top of the bells garden, on the green, stood the cage and
        stocks where they put people when they were drunk. at that time the
        public houses were open all the sunday morning until two o'clock. when
        we came out of our church we could always see men rolling up and down
        streets drunk. "
      



the 'swimming' of
        witches


        six hundred years after it ceased to have any legal basis, the
        'swimming' of suspected witches continued sporadically in east anglia.
        here is a late example of a petition to a magistrate to have a
        neighbour swum, and tested for 'familiar spirits'.
      

        "they do say your worship that sich folk are increasing about in this
        world., and if you have so many in your parish they do a sight of harm.
        also, everyone who sees my wife says they never seed such a complaint
        and call out she is certainly bewitched, she fare haunted night and
        day, she fare dried up like a crisp, she say."
      



ww2 aircraft crashes in the
        cavendish area


        in the first half of 1944, three aircraft were shot down, or crashed,
        at the wales end road near cavendish.
      

        "he knew one bomb had exploded and also feared that there would be more
        than one in the wreckage, he dashed passed the wreckage and warned a
        small group of civilians to stand back. near the blazing plane he found
        one man lying in the leaf mould with his clothes and body alight."
      



down the chelmer and
        up the blackwater


        the second of vernon clarke's wonderful historical guidebooks to essex
        rivers. if you want an intelligent guidebook to essex, vernon's are
        difficult to better. long out of print but, with the kindness of his
        heirs, republished here
      

        'tilty is the idyllic site of a cistercian abbey founded in 1153
        — just as beautiful, in its own way, as the better known sites of
        the cistercian tintern and fountains abbeys. but at tilty all that
        remains are some stones in a field and the 1220 gate chapel, which had
        added to it in the 14th century a chancel with a large east window of
        exquisite tracery. it was retained at the dissolution and later turned
        into a parish church. the abbey had its fish ponds, its sheep, its
        vineyards and its water mill (run from a millpool formed by damming a
        stream). the present mill building dates from the 18th century and it
        worked until 1957.'
      



melancholy
        accidents


        we take a number of reports from the papers where sad accidents are 
	described in some detail. there is a huge variety of accidents that are 
	described, from being gored by a bull in one's living room to being 
		suffocated by a fire. the roads were an awful cause of death. the carnage was quite bewildering.



        "inquis- at lavenham on william manning, it appears deceased was
        driving an empty waggon and set off at a brisk trot, he attempted to
        dismount the thiller horse which he was riding and in doing so he fell
        and both near wheels going over him he was killed immediately. this
        frequent accident of this nature (the 4th in 2 months) demonstrates the
        need for laws to be obeyed to prevent this occurrence."
      



and far with the brave i
        have ridden


        a local walk with my dog along a local country road in the spring of
        1998, and a chance meeting with a friendly local farm labourer who
        fleetingly referred to a story of a local plane crash only a few fields
        away, started me off on a compelling quest.
        
          by bob simpson
        


        'on impact the mosquito appeared to somersault twice, and immediately
        burst fuel, and debris into an opening cone of searing flames that
        quickly sprang up across and up the hillside'.
      



the stour from source
        to sea


        we are privileged to be allowed to republish this classic booklet. for
        many years after it was first published in the late seventies, it was
        the ideal guide for anyone exploring the historic and picturesque stour
        valley. for anyone who is unfamiliar with the area, it is the perfect
        place to start
      

        'exploring the stour valley with vernon's booklet is like being
        accompanied by a distinguished and interesting guide, informative and
        always succinct. vernon's engaging personality comes through on every
        page.'
      



threshing machines


        a collection of stories which illustrate that the successful
        introduction of the threshing machine did not benefit everybody. in
        fact, the catalogue of accidents around the stour valley make painful
        reading.
      

        'there was a fatal accident at hundon when charles biggs aged 22 in the
        employ of mr taylor fell into the threshing machine. he was due to have
        been married that day but as the bride to be became ill and the wedding
        was postponed.'
the bury & norwich post october 2nd 1883
      



the hanging of catherine foster


        a story that is full of surprises. catherine foster seems to have
        poisoned her husband only three weeks after the wedding, by cooking him
        suet dumplings laced with arsenic. at first, the death was passed off
        as the 'english cholera', but suspicions were aroused because he had
        vomited in the garden before his death: a neighbour's hens had eaten
        the vomit and died. the trial was memorable for the aggressive
        cross-examination of catherine's eight-year-old brother thomas, forced
        to testify against her. it was also characterised by catherine's
        composure, which she showed in her public hanging
        
          bury and norwich post march 27th 1847
        


        'the poor woman who was only 18 years of age, gave a heart rending
        speech from the scaffold imploring other young women, who may be
        tempted as she was, not to follow her example, but to stand firm and
        stick to their marriage vows. catherine foster was the last woman to be
        hanged in public in bury'
      



rape at the rectory


        what starts as a simple accusation of rape against a priest by a
        sixteen-year-old girl, and counter accusations of the existence of a
        brothel, soon evolves into a vicious quarrel between a borley landowner
        and the influential vicar of foxearth.
        
          haverhill echo, december 5th 1871
        


        ''i said "let me go, let me go". .
        he gave me a shilling and said "don't tell your mother. don't let your
        mother see your clothing tonight; wash them yourself". .
        he kissed me again and bade me goodnight and i left..
        whilst i was down defendant put a pocket handkerchief in my mouth so
        that i would not make a noise:'. '
      



sacrilege and
        body-stealing


        recording the curious tale of the disappearing corpse from foxearth
        graveyard.
        
          suffolk free press, july 14th 1864
        


        'nothing was heard in the night, either of the men who did the work, or
        the wagon brought to convey the body away, but certain labourers, in the
        parish of otten belchamp, who were going to their morning's
        employment, aver that they met a yellow painted vehicle, driving at a
        moderate pace, towards belchamp, on which were riding five or six
        men, but they were so disguised as not to be recognizable by any of
        them.'
      



bull-baiting


        bull-baiting was once customary and legal, taking place anually in bury
        in the market place. it is odd to stand in what is now a car-park, and
        imagine the 'brutal and brutalizing practices' that took place 'amidst
        all the appliances for the light of the gospel and the principles of
        common humanity'
        
          bury and norwich post, november 7th 1792.
        


        on monday last it was nearly the cause of loss of life to several
        individuals as a girl about twelve years old was tossed by an
        exasperated animal and much hurt that it was feared for her life, one
        burton, a wool comber, was also dreadfully gored.
      
click here to see the
    complete list of our publications


