








industry home - american business telephone and technologies






































































skip to content






american business telephone and technologies - a telecommunications company providing a full array of solutions




 
					860-643-2200				 
call us


 
									office hours								
mon-fri: 8:00am - 4:00pm


 
					our location				 
manchester, ct 06042



















home
services

business telephone systems
telephone painting & refurbishing
custom paint refinishing
camera systems
wi-fi access points, nanobeams, and cabling
onsite warehousing and inventory management


case studies
gallery
specials
store
 






contact us















american business telephone and  
technologies
a leader in
telecommunications
solutions
contact us
premise-based/cloud-based
legacy systems
voip/hybrid
sip trunks



we provide
custom painting of 
telephones and commercial products

business/industrial
telephones
automotive parts
household items
contact us



we install
camera systems
 for commercial use

cabling
onsite installation
mobile app setup
contact us
licensed technicians



top notch
office technology
 support

wifi access points
expansion of internet
cabling
contact us
paging systems












 






search for:


search












our services we provide a full array of solutions for
telephone and technology needs 





 




business telephone systems
we provide business ip and digital phone system design, installation and service in connecticut



read more









 




telephone painting & refurbishing
custom painting of telephone plastics to original or custom colors and repair or refurbishing of telephones. 



read more









 




custom paint refinishing
painting of plastic and metal products for restoration and beautification. 	



read more









 




camera systems
commercial camera system installers.



read more









 




wi-fi access points, nanobeams, and cabling
professional installation ensuring seamless and reliable internet coverage throughout your space. 



read more









 




onsite warehousing and inventory management
we offer comprehensive onsite warehousing and inventory management services designed to streamline your operations and maximize efficiency



read more





  
















 
since 1998 











what makes us different our focus is on our customers. 



we understand the importance of good customer service and high quality products. our qualified and friendly staff offer efficient and workable solutions catered to your specific needs which will save your company time, and valuable resources.














what we do american business telephone and technologies 




we are a business telephone company offering diverse products and services to our customers, including ip and digital telephone system design and installation, telephone refinishing and repair, custom painting solutions, office cabling and internet expansion, security camera installation, and equipment storage and management.





 
performance we are committed to outperform your expectations and deliver world class products and services. 


 
quality we focus on superior quality workmanship, complete service evaluation, quality testing, and superb paint refinishing. 


 
green we are committed to green solutions in all aspects of our business practices. 


 
customer satisfaction we strive for 100% customer satisfaction by providing high quality telephones and top-notch service. 











client 9
 
client 8
 
client 7
 
client 6
 
client 1
 
client 2
 
client 3
 
client 4
 
client 5
   








explore case studies

explore ipitomy sip trunks





 industry home










 
american business telephone and technologies (abt&t) has been providing telephone system sales and installations to local area businesses since 1998.
phone: 860-643-2200
toll-free: 877-242-0070

1651 tolland turnpike
manchester, ct 06042 

companyebay store
specials
contact us

active in the sam government database
certified women-owned small business enterprise in the ct supplier diversity program 

servicestelephone systems
telephone painting
custom paint refinishing
camera systems
wi-fi access points
warehousing and inventory management
 

linksfacebook
instagram
youtube
alignable

authorized dealer of avaya, axxess networks, cetis and ipitomy
 









copyright © 2024 all rights reserved. 





















