



luther quest discussion group




this is an on-line discussion forum called luther quest discussion group.
this forum is brought to you by reclaiming walther in the lcms and reclaim news.
if this is your first time here, we urge you to read this
page as well as our guidelines.  otherwise, please click below
to enter the active discussion group.
active discussions

this is your opportunity to:

talk about and receive answers on what is happening in the lcms;
learn how and why walther invented the lcms, what he kept and what he rejected;
learn how to keep your congregation lutheran;
learn how your congregational constitution should be structured;
get information on call lists and pastors;
see which district presidents are keeping or breaking the lcms constitution and
    congregational authority.

if you want to talk about the bible, luther, the lutheran confessions, walther,
lutheranism, then this is the discussion group for you. to our knowledge this is the only "pro-walther"
discussion group in existence.
don't miss our luther quest booklist containing a list of recommended reading for confessional lutherans.
please be sure to read through the guidelines
for the rules of participation in our discussion group.
our goal is to halt the growing influence of the church growth
movement, contemporary worship, leadership training, romanistic 19th-century european
lutheran hierarchy, the council of district presidents, and faith inkubators. we want to
return to the congregational polity as published in walther's church and ministry.
in order to do this we must preserve:

the 3 ecumenical creeds
the doctrine of justification
lutheran hymnbooks
luther's small catechism
the lutheran agenda
use of the name "lutheran" on all lcms congregations
the supremacy of the voters' assembly
the congregation's right to call a pastor
the true pastoral office
correct teaching of law and gospel
proper administration of the sacraments

in addition, we must remove the current dispute resolution process adopted in 1992 and
return to rules of evidence in the former board of adjudication. 
in short, we must preserve the missouri synod as it was founded by dr.
walther. to help accomplish this our discussion group intends to generate an active,
interested, informed, educated, and involved laity. therefore, by the grace of god, we have inaugurated luther
quest to help achieve these goals. please tell your friends.

our new format is known as a linear discussion. 
this is different than a threaded discussion, so it may take a little bit of getting used
to.  however, we're confident that you'll like the way it "flows"
better.  plus, access is much quicker.
disclaimer: luther quest and their webhosting vendor are not responsible for
the material posted to this discussion group. that responsibility lies solely with
the authors of the articles.




to contact the webmaster regarding any technical difficulties: 






webmaster


@


lutherquest.org









you can also contact the website owner, rev. jack cascione:






reclaimnews


@


earthlink.net










help luther quest by shopping for good lutheran books at amazon.com.







search now:
























privacy policy



we now offer official luther quest discussion board merchandise at our online store.

in august 2016 your humble lq webmaster ventured out and put up a few bumper stickers he had designed on zazzle. rev. cascione liked them and was open to making them available on lq as well. he even added one of his own. the new store is also within cafepress and named, tongue in cheek:
reformation indulgences
as with the original lq online store, all profits (modest as they are) go to help lq stay online. we appreciate your business. and, we are open to suggestions! if you have a quip or design, please contact the webmaster.

our website is hosted by powweb.com,
and we've been quite pleased with their service. click on the text link (to the
left), or graphic link below for more information. if you sign up with them, we
get a bonus! thank you.

hosted by 

this site was launched on june 8, 1999.

the fastcounter hit counter has been moved to our active
discussions page.


