





gossypia
































gossypia







search for:



 














menu












 











the influence of gossypia boutique to the town

november 19, 2020
 no comments



having been in old town for more than forty years, amanda lasker has seen the region go through various transitions. over the years, the region has gone through negative and positive changes. old town no longer has its small town appeal and is increasingly becoming congested. on the other hand, old town now features a cosmopolitan vibe and has become more popular across the united states. the reason for old town’s success amid the changes has been maintaining its individuality. the torpedo factory has been a huge blessing to gossypia boutique since it complements the boutique’s hand-made artwork. usually, the boutique’s handmade art items are made by someone outside the country. torpedo factory on the other hand has in-house artisans. such a factory is rare and is the only one of its kind in the united states. the factory is a really unique concept, and one of the best things to happen in the region.
amanda lasker is impressed by the new blood of female entrepreneurs who have ventured into business in old town. she believes that they are bringing more life into the region and are making it more lively. she is grateful for their contribution to old town.
gossypia boutique brings a touch of latin america to old town. when you visit the alexandria-based establishment, you will be hard-pressed not to find something you like, whether it’s a linen dress, an item with an image of frida kahlo, or a mexican mache doll. the jewelry and clothing at the boutique are ideal for everyday wear, special events, and for travel to humid and hot places. the boutique features a flax-made clothing line that is extremely practical for wearing when you are on the road. other than the travel attire, you will enjoy the art. the alexandria boutique features splendid art on every corner– on the chest of drawers, shelves, on every wall and nook, and occasionally as display models. the latin america-inspired folk art is in the form of nativity scenes, mirrors, crosses, pottery, and other items. gossypia also features a unique selection of day of the dead with items such as iconic papier mache skulls and skeletons. amanda lasker obtains the products on her travels to central america and mexico. if you are a fan of frida kahlo, you will be delighted by the various selection of items with her images imprinted on them at the boutique. gossypia is not only the place you go to admire the art, or when you want to find yourself something nice and unique, it is also a rich source of gift ideas for your family and friends. everything at the gossypia boutique is one of a kind, and the store is certainly worth a visit.… read more »










clothing and unique central and mexican items at gossypia

november 16, 2020
 no comments



the name gossypia is unique for a boutique and never fails to capture your attention the first time you hear of it. the name sounds a bit different and you wonder what it means or refers to. a play on words perhaps? or something to do with gossip? nothing of the sort, gossypia is simply the latin word for cotton. the reason why the boutique’s owner named it so, is because the store only sells attire with natural fibers. the store has an interesting selection of clothing jewelry that you won’t easily find anywhere else, and should you buy or wear the glamorous items available at gossypia boutique, it will certainly lead to delightful gossip for you. you will become the talk of the town.
amanda lasker has been involved in the clothing scene on cameron street for more than forty years, and it is no surprise that her clothing items are so glamorous. gossypia boutique knows its stuff, whether it’s artsy clothing or unique jewelry, you won’t find something better anywhere else.
when amanda lasker was in college and high school, she spent a significant period living overseas. upon completion of her college education, amanda relocated to new york where she served at the united nations as a guide. her latin american influence draws from the time she has spent overseas at various times in mexico and when her family resided in guatemala. most of the gossypia’s materials are obtained from central america and mexico. clothing attire remains gossypia’s best sellers, but other items such as those featured in the day of the dead (a mexican holiday) are also popular and sell quite well. an interesting thing about the day of the dead is that men comprise the largest proportion of buyers. the store also features a selection of products with fridah kahlo’s picture on them. these clothing are also quite popular as numerous client like to shop for products with an image of frida khalo, a phenomenon amanda lasker likes to describe as “frida mania”
other than clothing and art, gossypia boutique also features a wide selection of unique jewelry. one of the most popular jewelry at the alexandria store is the turquoise jewelry made by a designer known as frederico. amanda lasker also sources most of gossypia’s jewelry products from israel, which over the years has become an important destination to obtain artistic jewelry. the store also has a tasteful selection of earrings that will earn you compliments wherever you go.
locally, amanda lasker is actively involved in the community and takes part in various fundraising initiatives. one of the fundraising activities that she has been actively involved in, is the inova hospital campaign in alexandria whose objective was to raise funds for the twig pavilion at the medical facility, which is a 16-bed single patient unit.… read more »










gossypia boutique – an eclectic studio rich in latin american culture

november 12, 2020
 no comments



the area around washington dc provides some of the east coast’s best retail areas in neighborhoods such as tysons, georgetown, friendship heights, and chevy chase. however, none of these neighborhoods old town alexandria, where a combination of eclectic studios, quaint shops, and fashionable boutiques line the cobblestone streets of the city in buildings that date back to the federal period. recognition of alexandria’s can’t miss shopping opportunities and history has come from various sources including the wall street journal, money magazine, and travel and leisure. old town’s king street neighborhood has been described by the wall street journal as having some of the region’s finest galleries and stores. in money magazine’s 2018 countdown of the twenty best places to go, the cobblestone streets of alexandria was described as a place that makes you feel like you are a world away from the nation’s capital hubbub. in 2016, alexandria was included in travel and leisure’s list of the most attractive cities in america. when alexandria residents are not at work, they are biking or roaming the streets of old town, where restaurants and boutiques in the nineteenth and eighteenth century buildings fill the exciting king street. one of the places that make alexandria so special is gossypia boutique.
although during normal days you most likely wear casual attire, there are times when having something for special occasions comes in handy. when you have such an event coming up, a trip to gossypia boutique is all you need. founded by amanda lasker, the eclectic gossypia boutique is conveniently located just a few blocks from the kingsley, with a specialty in bohemian, special-occasion dresses, and informal wedding attire. the boutique is open from monday through wednesday from 10 am to 6 pm, from 11 am to 7 pm on thursdays, and from 12:30 pm to 5 pm on sundays.
gossypia boutique is the ideal place to get a chiffon dress or a lacy, floor-length dress that graces the floor elegantly as you walk. not only does gossypia boutique offer outfits for special events, but it also has a wide range of clothing for your everyday needs. on the boutique’s second floor, you will find beautiful hand-woven scarves, sterling silver bracelets, folk art-style jewelry, beautiful silk blouses, as well as designer leather handbags ideal for the weekend. regular gossypia boutique clients find the store so eclectic that even if one visits the store without the slightest idea of what one wants, they will still stumble on something that is delightful and amazing.
gossypia boutique features a beautiful selection of informal wedding attire at very reasonable prices. the alexandria boutique does not carry bridal accessories and all the attire is sold off the rack. there is also a wide range of attire for the mother of the bride available making it a one-stop-shop for all your wedding needs.
although the over 50 year old alexandrian boutique has a wide selection of classic and eclectic clothing, formal items, wedding dresses, purses, and jewelry for alexandria’s residents, it is the selection of latin american nativities and folk art available throughout the boutique that really captures your imagination, making it a one of a kind destination. the collection is by amander lasker (not to be confused with the other amanda lasker who is the co-founder of the bureau of medical economics). she owns the boutique, and is nothing short of glamorous. amand lasker’s collection draws inspiration from her time in central america and mexico, as well as her travels for art throughout the globe.… read more »




























