


eurovac    
  eurovac -  specialist in dust & fume extraction systemssolutionsproductspartsneed help?
email us
call: 1-800-265-3878eurovac
search for:


email us
email
shop onlinesolutionsproductsparts automotive solutions
   	  carwash
   	  detailing
   	  body shop dust extraction
   	  transit cleaning & dust/fume extraction
   	  body shop aluminum/composite repair
   	  vehicle exhaust extraction
industrial solutions
   	  weld fume extraction
   	  industrial dust extraction (aerospace, composite, etc)
   	  combustible dust extraction/nfpa ohsa solutions
   	  industrial vacuums
   	  woodworking dust extraction
   	  pharmaceutical cleaning & dust extraction
   	  dental lab dust extraction
   	  agriculture/food processing
   	  animal bedding waste removal
   	  concrete dust extractionabout eurovac


eurovac was established in 1986 and has steadily grown with our continued commitment to quality and doing what is right for our customers. eurovac began in the body shop industry by supplying portable and central vacuum systems for capturing dust at the source of hand held tools such as orbital sanders. in the early days, the company consisted of burt retter and peter fisher working together out of an 800 square foot facility. over time, eurovac expanded our vacuum capabilities into industrial dust/fume extraction and automotive cleaning markets.eurovac now employs 75 to 100 people and operates out of a 60,000 square foot manufacturing facility. the facility is equipped with state-of-the-art equipment and highly skilled fabricators, painters, assemblers, and shippers, ensuring the highest quality standards and enabling us to be a low-cost producer at sensible pricing.eurovac is ready to assist you with your industrial dust collection or automotive cleaning needs, whether it is a portable unit ready to go out of the box or a highly engineered central system. we have a team of engineers ready to design a eurovac system to your specific application. eurovac will work with you to fully understand the particulate being captured, identify any hazards, and provide a filtration system solution that protects both your business and its workers from the dangers of combustible dust.our systems come complete with all necessary tubes, bends, fittings, nuts, and bolts required to get the job done. the equipment will be accompanied with engineered drawings (cad and/or 3d solidworks) to help guide installers. installation and service are supported by a north american and worldwide distribution network.if you have particulate that needs capturing or vehicles that need cleaning, please contact eurovac today to discuss your application with a knowledgeable eurovac sales representative. 


eurovac -  specialist in dust & fume extraction systemsbrowse productssolutionsproductspartsonline orderingquick linksabout usterms & conditionsprivacy policyaoda policymake paymentcanada address44 milvan dr,
north york, ontario, m9l 1z3usa address6046 boston road 
valley city, oh 44280

tel: 416-744-4276																			 | fax: 416-744-8079
toll free: 1-800-265-dust (3878)
copyright © 2025 - eurovac, all rights reserved.
eurovac is a registered trade mark of clean air technologies inc.
[contact-form-7 id="1825" title="contact form 1"]
   



