

















contact lenses uk | cheap contact lenses online | contactlenses.co.uk




























































 


phone 0345 319 3000













£ gbp

€ eur $ usd a$ aud 

 










contact lenses 



shop by brandacuvueair optixavairabiofinitybiomedicsbiotrueclariticrystalfocus dailiesfreshlookhalloween & cosplaymydayprecisionproclearpurevisionqualissoflenstotalultrawow 


daily contact lensescrystal hydro dailycrystal aquamore ...monthly contact lensesbiofinitybiofinity toricmore ...silicone hydrogelbiofinityacuvue oasysmore ...2 week contact lensesacuvue oasysacuvue oasys for astigmatismmore ...extended wearbiofinitybiofinity toricmore ...coloured contact lensesfreshlook one dayair optix colorsmore ...toric / astigmatismbiofinity toricacuvue oasys for astigmat...more ...multifocal contact lenses1 day acuvue moist multifocalair optix multifocal plus hydraglydemore ...travel packswowlenses travelmore ... 




show most popular contact lenses 

browse all contact lenses 


shop by colour
 blue green brown grey hazel violetoptician brandsspecsavers | easyvisionbootsoptical expressvision express 




other products 


contact lens solution                                                                                                                                 soft lens rewetting eye drops                                                                                                                         starter and travel packs                                                                                                                              cases                                                                                                                                                 sunglasses                                                                                                                                            prescription glasses                                                                                                                                   

all solutions & accesories 




glasses 


all prescription glasses                                                                                                                                   new!shop by genderfemalemaleallshop by shapecateye/butterflyhexagonalovalrectangularroundsoftened rectangularsquarewayfarershop by brandcateasy eyewearo'neillradleytruviewfree 120 day returns 



sunglasses 


all sunglasses                                                                                                                                            shop by genderfemalemaleallshop by shapeaviator/pilotclubmasterroundsquarewayfarershop by brandhand crafted sunglasses 



contact us 

help 



 
 reorder 

login


facebook sign ingoogle+ sign in
email

password
sign in remember meforgot your password?i'm a new customer 

 








 reorder 






contact lenses:

daily contact lensesmonthly contact lensessilicone hydrogel2 week contact lensesextended wearcoloured contact lensestoric / astigmatismmultifocal contact lensestravel packs 


most popular contact lenses 


browse all contact lenses 


top lens brands:

acuvueair optixavairabiofinitybiomedicsbiotrueclariticrystalfocus dailiesfreshlookhalloween & cosplaymydayprecisionproclearpurevisionqualissoflenstotalultrawow 


shop by colour:

 blue green brown grey hazel violet 


other products:

contact lens solution                                                                                                                                 soft lens rewetting eye drops                                                                                                                         starter and travel packs                                                                                                                              cases                                                                                                                                                 sunglasses                                                                                                                                            prescription glasses                                                                                                                                   


all solutions & accesories 


glasses:

sunglasses                                                                                                                                            prescription glasses                                                                                                                                   new! 

optician brandsspecsavers | easyvisionbootsoptical expressvision express 




logini'm a new customerusing social media:facebook sign ingoogle+ sign in














 
best sellersshow all




crystal aqua daily 
30 lenses per box





 
 



     

491 reviews 

					£12.00 

 view and buy 






dailies aquacomfort plus
30 lenses per box





 
 



     

113 reviews 

					£21.99 

 view and buy 






crystal color reflections
2 lenses per box





 
 


 £14.00launch offer!  
					£12.50 

 view and buy 






biofinity
3 lenses per box





 
 



     

192 reviews 

					£16.75 

 view and buy 






elena




free standard lenses 

 
 



					£15.00 

 view and buy 






hugo




free standard lenses 

 
 



					£15.00 

 view and buy 






kingshill




free standard lenses 

 
 



					£20.00 

 view and buy 






cambridge




free standard lenses 

 
 



					£20.00 

 view and buy 



  







free delivery
free shipping on uk orders over £35









earn commission
when you refer your friends









secure payment
100% protected by securitymetrics







find out morefind out more


uk’s no 1 independent online supplier of contact lenses








 trusted customer reviews



     always excellent service been using this company for a while now..always a friendly and excellent service..big shout out to andrew and sophie...the 2 people i have spoke with the most...keep up the great work miss jayne werritt, 8 hours ago     great serviceplenty of contact lens choices available, good communication on delivery timesverified customer, 1 day ago     excellent all round service, my "go to" supplier for contact lenses, i trust these guys! good range of contacts on website, trusted well-known brands listed,  easy to navigate and find what you are looking for at competitive prices.  good comms, timely delivery, love the coloured contacts which i have been wearing for years.  high standards have been maintained and i am grateful for that. thank you! mrs kathy winder, 3 days ago     good quality, quickly sentgood quality lenses. the advice and support notes are very useful. verified customer, 9 days ago     excellent customer service from sophie and andrewi have used contactlenses.co.uk for a number of years now. the main reason i think they are such a good company is because they employ excellent customer service staff. i have spoken with sophie and andrew in the past and i was particularly pleased to phone and find i was talking to sophie again today. both of them have been very helpful, friendly and efficient. they have given me helpful advice if my preferred brand is not in stock in my prescription and my lenses have arrived quickly. it is great that the company is able to retain such excellent staff and i will continue to order my lenses from here.mr graham gaskell, 05 feb 2025     contact lens wearer of 40 yearseasy purchase of different products to make your own choices rather than your optician’s recommendation, i purchase here  my optician’s recommendation with another brand for comparison, the observations are noticeable of which currently i have a preferred choice to date, this is based on wearing comfort, both immediately and over the wearing time, the ease of out the packaging and onto eyes and taking them out! verified customer, 02 feb 2025     contact lenses fast speedy service,  quality lenses mr angus hughes, 30 jan 2025     great value, quick despatchgreat contacts and price, sent quicklyverified customer, 29 jan 2025     contact lensdisposal lens, great price, comfortable to wear, quick delivery. recommend miss wendy routledge, 29 jan 2025     good service from beginning to end clear, simple website. good selection of products. service was excellent. lenses arrived on estimated delivery date. would recommend. ms shona  mountford, 27 jan 2025     customer service i have no dislikes i've used this company in the past and always had a great service. mr george austin, 24 jan 2025     all goodall goodverified customer, 21 jan 2025     quick easy reliable quality service i reorder my daily contact lenses twice year and it’s so easy to do as my account saves my history. 
once i order the lenses i get regular communication to update me on the delivery process. my contact lenses arrive packaged securely and i love the reasonable price too. quality contact lenses!! i highly recommend contact lenses .co .uk verified customer, 21 jan 2025     very reliable companygood communication, speedy delivery with lots of after sales advice and help. would thoroughly recommend.mrs clare wellenkamp, 01 jan 2025     comfortable and easy to usemy previous lens supplier closed down and i wasn’t keen on the first replacement lenses i chose. despite wearing lenses for 40 years, i never realised there could be much of a difference between different brands.
when i looked at contactlenses.co.uk, i discovered crystal aqua - good price, very easy to put in, and comfortable.mr nick jenkins, 29 dec 2024     stress freefast delivery and well packaged. 
purchased the crystal aqua, they're very good value for money and extremely comfortable, i wear them all day.  i will definitely buy again.verified customer, 22 dec 2024     outstanding service and price for contact lensesfast service, easy to place order.mr stephen salmon, 21 dec 2024     excellent service i spoke to sophie via web chat.  she explained that they were waiting for a delivery which was why my order was delayed.  she said she would chase the delivery up and call or email me the following day.  got to confess, weren't expecting her to keep her word.
she emailed me the following day and confirmed my delivery date.
she then emailed me a few days later to confirm i had received my order.
she kept me updated through the whole process. 
she was fantastic.  i was so pleased 😁ms amanda allen, 18 dec 2024 


previous



next


rated 4.8 / 5
        based on 15722 reviews. showing our 4 & 5 star reviews.
    
 

top lens manufacturers





 









about contactlenses.co.uk



about us



welcome to contactlenses.co.uk
we are an online retailer specialising in contact lenses plus solutions and accessories and have been online since 1996 and selling cheap contact lenses direct to customers since 2002. in that time we have despatched over 4 million orders and we take pride in the fact that over 90% of orders are from existing, satisfied customers. we literally started from our spare room and grew from there and still proudly independent (one of the few).
being online means that customers can also order what they want, when they want, 24 hours a day. our huge stock (over four million contact lenses!) results in you getting your contact lenses fast - the order is generally posted within 24 hours, in a letterbox friendly package (where possible) delivered to an address of your choosing - not just home, as is often the case with online ordering.
if you would like further information please contact our customer support team who will be happy to help or you can help yourself by searching our user friendly help pages.
 











eye health central


which is the best daily wear contact lens in 2025?


in order to find the best daily contact lenses we looked at the technical specifications - the water content, availability of a uv block, oxygen transmission, wetting properties and material. on the prescription side, we looked at the powers that are available and overall size, and fitting characteristics. not least we looked at the consumer experience - what was the customer feedback on the daily lenses and of course, the price. so here we go with our review and some final recommendations...			

read more





social media



 




our videos will help you navigate through the confusing world of contact lenses and make it simple.





social responsibility


















my account



overview personal details delivery address preferences my orders reorder 




more info



our storywhere`s my order?returning items?sitemaphelpcustomer supportaffiliate programeyecare 





top questionsdo you stock own brand (opticians) lenses?absolutely. we stock all the main 'own' brands from specsavers, boots and vision express. click here to easily order own branded lenses and try our 'switch and save' tool to swap from branded lenses to our own crystal lenses and save money.why are your prices lower than my opticians?we buy big! - so we can negotiate extra discounts from our suppliers and pass the savings on to you.we have cut out the middlemen - the high street opticians, so you benefit with great prices.we have distribution centers packed with lenses (over 3 million!) instead of leasing expensive high street opticians shops, saving further money..... and remember, all our lenses are identical to the lenses that you get from your optician - we buy them from the same manufacturers (bausch & lomb, alcon, johnson & johnson and coopervision).are my lenses in stock?probably! we stock over 3 million contact lenses in our distribution centers and aim to despatch over 95% of orders on a same day basis. for more information click here.how do i read my prescriptioncrystal guaranteecrystal money back guaranteewe want our customers to be delighted with crystal contact lenses, so for your peace of mind we offer a money-back promise.
our no quibble money-back promise is simple. if you are not happy with the product, you will get your money back.
how do i get a refund?
if for any reason you are not satisfied, contact us straight way and we will arrange for you to return the remaining lenses for a refund.
returning items? 






customer support




uk: phone 0345 319 3000international: +44 3453 193000 

												support staff opening hours: mon - fri : 8am - 6pm sat: 9am - 1pm											



email us











 



find us in


usa canada germany italy france spain japan ireland 

we accept these payment methods:

visamastercardamexeurocardjcbbitcoinpaypalfind out more about payment options 
















								@ 2025 crystal vision ltd. all rights reserved
							


terms & conditionsprivacy policy 



 












just a moment...

×



10% off
first order
sign up to our site and get 10% discount on your first order!

sign up and use first10off code

 do not show me



do you really refuse getting 10% off on your first order?
yes, dismiss the offer























 

