







altmeduniversity.com - your go-to for all things gambling related









































home
contacts













search for:

search










secure payment systems

 posted by owen rogers 
				— july 30, 2019
 in gambling 



money are one of the most important things in our lives nowadays, and whomever stands against this statement is lying. and with the progress of technology and internet, online purchases became widely popular too. many companies can offer you amazing services or items with just few clicks of your mouse, but you must pay them. and whenever you are planning to spend your money online, you should first think of a safe way to do so. simply giving around your bank details to everybody is definitely not the best possible option… if you are on the other side of the chain, as a company you would want to be sure that you are offering the best service and that your customers are happy too. no worries though, we are coming to the rescue and we will give you some details about secure payment systems.
have you ever thought what are the criteria that could put a payment system in the ‘secure’ box? well, as a start, there is something called ssl. it stands for secure socket layer and can be 128-, 192- or 256-bit. the first number is considered the most secure one. but what these bits mean? it is actually the number of keys, used to encrypt the connection made between the browser and the web server. technically is impossible to be broken since the numbers of combinations is immense. it is not enough to just have an ssl, though. it should also be certified and there are different agencies for the job, which are independent and unbiased. the certified ssl ensures you that your data is secure and confidential and is also the reason why not every single person with a tiny bit of computer knowledge doesn’t have the number of your credit card.
there are a number of payment methods out there… some are known and reliable, others are quite shady and unheard of. obviously, the best option is to go for the reliable ones, unless you are not in the mood of being scammed. we are sure that there are names of payment options that you have heard of. paypal is most likely the first that pops in your mind. it is one of the most trustworthy methods. it has all possible protections and it also conceals your personal and financial information from the recipient. there are also other ones, that can grant you perfect service. and as far as you are careful and read the small texts, you will be fine.
as a general rule, you should not disclose any details, nor personal, nor financial if you are not hundred percent sure of the company’s or site’s safety! the good part is that cyber security is taken more and more seriously, and newer methods are developed to prevent scams and frauds of any kind. if you are interested in more details, you can give an eye to the secure payment systems here. 





what makes a great online casino

 posted by owen rogers 
				— november 16, 2018
 in gambling 


online casinos have sprung up all over the uk and are proving to be an amazing source of entertainment for all uk players who are keen on playing games of chance and luck. as a result, the industry is booming with a lot to be mentioned about how these online casinos have developed. starting nearly two decades ago, online casinos first sprung up in the uk and have boomed ever since. as a result, you’ll see many online casinos, but the question is what makes an online casino great? in this blog post, we’ll examine some of the criteria for what makes a great online casino starting with the licencing of the operator.
as you may already know, all online casinos in the uk must be adequately licenced in order to operate. there is an overarching commission, named the uk gambling commission whose function it is to see that online operators stick to the rules and provide a fair gaming experience by ensuring the games are random and fair. this institution has been around for quite some time and has significant expertise in the way that an online casino is run.
the next aspect to consider is the payment methods. now, as most of you will know, many online operators offer their first-time guests a welcome bonus to entice players to play at their casinos. you could, for example, get a 100% match up bonus on your money which you deposited and play with double your cash. many casinos also offer free spins on selected games. the only aspect to consider here is that there are wagering requirements, which means you need to play through your deposit and bonus amounts within a certain period of time in order to make withdrawals. and now we get to the next important topic: withdrawing your cash from a casino. this process usually takes place in the same way as you deposited your money. therefore, if you used a credit card to make a deposit, your funds are likely to be paid out to you in your credit card account. there are different time periods for withdrawals, and you usually have to wait between 24 hours to eight business days, sometimes more. however, once licensed by the ukgc, you know that your money is in secure hands and that all winnings will be refunded back to you when you choose to do so. therefore, there is an element of financial security that we are referring to here.
next comes the fun aspect of casinos and this is the aspect of playing. but where should you play? which games should you select? keeping in mind that most online operators offer slots, table games, and live games, you will be spoilt for choice. the slots selection at most online casinos is usually the largest and you’ll have plenty to choose from. popular games include starburst and gonzo’s quest. you can also go to the live dealer lobby and play favourites like roulette, poker, and blackjack among many others.
now that you’ve looked at some of the top features for a great online casino, it’s time for you to go and give them a try yourself. which casino will you pick? we hope that you enjoy yourselves!





making money through online gambling

 posted by owen rogers 
				— november 2, 2018
 in gambling 


welcome to altmeduniversity.com! consider this your one-stop-shop for all gambling related ideas, tips, and tricks, and informative information about all things gambling related. we aim to please and here you’ll get more than what you bargained for in terms of useful information and careful analysis of the industry. as the name of the blog suggests, we consider ourselves a type of university, or an educational institution for gambling-related topics. therefore, we’ve created a blog which we hope will help to answer all your questions about anything that refers to gambling. so, let’s get started.
in our welcome post, we want to introduce ourselves to you and give you an idea of what kinds of topics and themes will be covered in this blog. well, for starters, we’ll look at some criteria for what make a good online casino. these aspects relate to the licencing, the types of games available, and the payment methods. what you might not have known is that most legit uk casinos are licenced by an overarching body called the uk gambling commission, which regulates the gambling sector in the uk. this authority ensures that games are rng tested for randomness and verifies them in terms of quality. in addition to the licencing and registration of a casino, there are also several payment methods you can use to deposit and withdraw funds. these methods may entail credit and debit cards, which are some of the most common methods of payment, or they can entail e-wallets such as neteller and skrill. there is also the increasingly popular payment method of paypal to take into consideration. and how about when and how your funds can be withdrawn? well, this varies according to your service provider and the casino involved. but more on that in our upcoming first blog post. let’s take a look at what makes an online casino so great.










search for:

search




recent posts


secure payment systems


what makes a great online casino


making money through online gambling


archives

july 2019
november 2018

categories

gambling


calendar
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 













2025 copyrights | altmeduniversity.com


