








nvdc | school of veterinary medicine and biomedical sciences | nebraska
































































skip to main content






university of nebraska–lincoln



visit

visit



visit the university of nebraska–lincoln




apply

apply



apply to the university of nebraska–lincoln




give

give



give to the university of nebraska–lincoln








log in







search











search form

search






submit



close



































institute of agriculture and natural resources




school of veterinary medicine and biomedical sciences
















menu











search








log in























home


mission & vision


fostering belonging


seminar schedule


contact us




academic programs


undergraduate program


graduate program


professional program in veterinary medicine


nvdc residency program




research


our people


faculty


adjunct faculty


staff




great plains veterinary educational center


extension & outreach




veterinary diagnostic center


results and billing access


diagnostic tests, fees & policies


submission forms


shipping


resources


contact


nvdc mission and vision


nvdc in the news




















nebraska


ianr


school of veterinary medicine and biomedical sciences


                  veterinary diagnostic center
              






  nebraska veterinary diagnostic center

enhancing the health and well-being of livestock and companion animals




























































the nebraska veterinary diagnostic center (nvdc) employs state-of-the-art testing procedures to provide disease surveillance and diagnostic services to veterinarians, livestock producers, pet owners and researchers. nvdc is recognized nationally for its expertise in diagnosing diseases in cattle and other food animals, and is nebraska's only veterinary diagnostic lab accredited by the american association of veterinary laboratory diagnosticians, the united states department of agriculture and the national animal health laboratory network.nvdc offers a full complement of bacteriologic, histologic, immunohistochemical necropsy, molecular diagnostic, serologic, toxicologic, electron microscopic and traditional virologic services. laboratory cases are coordinated by and test results interpreted by faculty veterinarians. our faculty diagnosticians have a wide range of nationally recognized expertise, and most have specialized training and board certification in disciplines including pathology, microbiology and immunology.




veterinary diagnostic center



results and billing access


diagnostic tests, fees & policies


submission forms


shipping


resources


contact


nvdc mission and vision


nvdc in the news











quick links




web portal sign-in




supplies order form




anatomic pathology residency program








hours of operationmonday - friday8:00 a.m. - 5 p.m.phone & emailphone: 402-472-1434email*: vdc2@unl.edu*emails sent to this address will be forwarded to the correct laboratory and/or faculty or staff member.subscribe to receive nvdc newsletter


 veterinary medical questions?please consult your personal veterinarian if you have veterinary care or animal related questions. we are unable to provide that type of information.




announcements



guidance for diagnostic testing for highly pathogenic avian influenza h5n1 virus in cattlerecent usda-aphis regulations require that milk samples from lactating dairy cattle be submitted to a laboratory approved by the national animal health laboratory network (nahln) for influenza a virus (iav) pcr testing prior to interstate movement. the nvdc is approved by nahln to run this testing. if you have clinically ill or sick animals that may require testing, please contact the nebraska department of agriculture (nda) or usda for instructions. read articlehpai extension updateapril 18, 2024—dr. matt hille, a veterinary pathologist in the nebraska veterinary diagnostic center and an extension specialist, has written a brief summary of current information about the emerging h5n1 disease in u.s. dairy cattle.as this is an emerging disease, new information is being collected and posted on the nebraska dairy extension website.investigating the cause of cattle abortions: when to involve your veterinarian and what happens nextit’s fall, and for cow/calf producers throughout the region that often means it’s time to preg check. confirming pregnancy in the herd is an important milestone in the overall cow/calf production system, but there’s still a lot that needs to go right before you’re admiring next year’s weaned calf crop. unfortunately, reproductive losses can still happen between confirmation of pregnancy and calving. beef producers and veterinarians often refer to any death loss before calving as an “abortion”, but in reality, true abortions only make up a portion of this loss. it is important to define some of the terms regarding reproductive losses: continue readingtularemia--what you should knowfrancisella tularensis or tularemia is a bacterial pathogen on the cdc’s list of select agents due to its ability to cause rapid disease and death. the microorganism is endemic in this area of the us, and the nvdc sees several cases a year.in summer, tularemia should be considered as a differential diagnosis in acutely ill, febrile cats. cats at increased risk for tularemia include cats with outdoor access and cats that have access to rodents and rabbits. additional clinical signs include a high wbc count, icterus, enlarged lymph nodes, splenic and liver masses or enlargement on ultrasound or palpation.since tularemia is a zoonotic pathogen that can cause life-threatening illness in people, ruling out tularemia is important. tularemia can be spread through infected tissue aerosols or direct inoculation with infected material. if you suspect that you have been exposed to tularemia, let your doctor know immediately.in living cats, lymph node aspirates or blood can be cultured to confirm diagnosis. lymph node aspirates should be inoculated into a bacterial culture tube. ulcer swabs can also be cultured for tularemia. mark "tularemia suspect" on the submission form to prioritize testing. do not submit syringes with infected material: it can endanger people who handle the syringes.in cats that have died, submit the whole cat for necropsy and mark "tularemia suspect" on the submission form.cats are especially susceptible given that they are predators of rabbits and other small rodents that often harbor the organism; however, other species can also be infected. tularemia can be transmitted via tick and deer fly bites.for more information, refer to this website: https://www.cdc.gov/tularemia/index.html 









cutting-edge technology improves nvdc services













nebraska's only aavld-certified lab



























































      contact us
    


school of veterinary medicine and biomedical sciences
https://vbms.unl.edu

www.unl.edu


 




address








            
  1880 n 42nd st

                         
  120 vbs

                       
lincoln,

          
  ne
68583-0905
us





 





phone







402-472-2952





 


email







svmbs@unl.edu
















related links
nebraska veterinary diagnostic centerprofessional program in veterinary medicinegreat plains veterinary educational centernebraska center for virology




campus links

directory
employment
events
libraries
maps
news
office of the chancellor
report an incident
            





policies & reports

accessibility statement
institutional equity and compliance
notice of nondiscrimination
privacy policy
safety at nebraska
student information disclosures





unl web framework and quality assurance provided by the web developer network · qa test



university of nebraska–lincoln


established 1869 · copyright 2024





some parts of this site work best with javascript enabled.















