





home - nthistory museum




























































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
blog
privacy policy
contact us
 

 
 





















north tonawanda history
museum 










welcome! 











welcome to the north tonawanda history museum. explore the great art collections in dedicated artists galleries. join us to learn about our upcoming events.  









visit 











book your tickets now! 





 











location 











195 goundry street
north tonawanda, new york 14120 





 











































upcoming events 











find the details of all our exhibitions and events here.  





 

























 

















about the museum 




learn about the history and making of the north tonawanda history museum. explore the journey of this museum and the major events that change its surroundings throughout the years. follow this online guide to read about the history of the museum and the city. 




























the exhibitions 














know more





















 





assisted tour 




get guided assistance throughout the museum to learn about the artifacts and historical valuables. 












 





videography
 




purchase tickets for limited photography and videography inside the museum with an assistant. 












 





emergency support 




get the right medical facilities available during the tour. locate the nearest hospitals to the museum. 












 





tour guide 




hire a tour guide to explore the historical monuments of the city as well as the artifacts inside the museum. just follow the metal signs to find your way. 
















features / 01 











providing full museum  guide
 

















find the museum guidebooks online. 


















purchase museum guidebooks at the entrance. 
















features / 02 











virtual gallery tour
 

















get a 360 tour around the museum. 


















try our new vr feature to explore the museum from home. 
















features / 03 











explore collecting and empire 

















find the oldest scriptures and artifacts at the museum with experienced guides. 


















explore the history of the city with our online history books. 





























about 











our mission is to provide the best knowledge  




we are a team of tour guides and museum guides who work together to provide the best educational tours around the city. explore the city’s history and architecture, and we will be there to answer all your questions. 






 



















great staff 











meet our staff members, helping our tourists every day.  





 










































visit our gallery 






























school visit 











learn about our school educational programs and book a trip.  





 










































latest from our blogs 
















 
things you should never do in a museum
december 8, 2020
 

 

there exists a museum for every interest. from art, history, culture, tradition, medical oddities to puppetry, name it, and you have it. while all these places may exhibit diversification in…

read more 
fun things to do with kids in north tonawanda
december 7, 2020december 8, 2020
 

 

north tonawanda is not only a city that entertains the adult crowd but is also one of those destinations that welcome people of all age, with open arms, especially the…

read more 
best places to visit in north tonawanda
december 5, 2020december 8, 2020
 

 

if you have ever visited the niagara falls, you’re probably aware of the regions to visit in north tonawanda, that is a city located in the niagara county of new…

read more 
about north tonawanda history museum
december 2, 2020december 8, 2020
 

 

north tonawanda is a beautiful city that is located in the niagara county of the united states. it is a tiny city with a population of around 35,000 according to…

read more 
what you must know before visiting a museum
december 1, 2020december 8, 2020
 

 

museums are the sought after destinations that speak volumes of the history, culture, technologies and the aspects of history. museums all around the world, are an epitome of diverse collections…

read more 


































 


 











copyrights © 2020 nthistorymuseum.org | all rights reserved.


















 




























