







 

the duty is ours home page













proverbs 29:25 
fear of man will prove to be a
snare, but whoever trusts in the lord is kept safe. 
enter
 
 








colossians 1:16 for by him all things 
were created: things in heaven and on
earth, visible and invisible, whether
thrones or powers or rulers or
authorities; all things were created by
him and for him. 17 he is before all
things, and in him all things hold
together.




 










isaiah 40:22  he sits enthroned 
above the circle of the earth, and 
its people are like grasshoppers. 
he stretches out the heavens
    like 
a canopy, and spreads them out 
like a tent to live in.




 



 
 
 
 
duty is ours; results are
god's
                                                      
john quincy adams  (1830's)
 
click here to enter the duty is ours home
this site is temporarily undergoing repair. 
feel free to contact at the email address below if you are searching for past
files and questions.
mailto:diojqa@dutyisours.com
 



the above image is of galaxy ngc 4603
credited to j.newman (univ. of california, berkeley)
and nasa by the hubble telescope
-just one of the larger things our lord created




as christians, god's values
should permeate all aspects of our lives, including politics. we must choose the
'straight and narrow path' (matthew 7:13, (see christian walk). it is our duty.
our founding fathers knew this. 
our "christian" nation has lost our moral compass. god's values and
his issues have been traded for expediency and economy. christians should stand
firm for god and not compromise on god's values. we will give an account to god
for our choices. 
currently the republican leadership has divorced themselves from the most
important moral issues, choosing to emulate bill clinton's 'success' in politics.
they are attempting to force a morally indifferent (in policy), (but as of
january 2000, bold enough to claim christ) presidential candidate - g.w. bush
down the throats of those voters who feel god's values come first. last time
they chose a morally indifferent (in policy) bob dole (who, even worse, seemed
embarrassed to mention christ). unfortunately, the g.w. bush and bob dole
policies are remarkably similar, putting god's values behind other issues.
christians should vote for god's values and against 'business as usual'. we
should not support these and similar individuals. we should learn our lesson
from the 1996 election! 
this is not to suggest we should go against the establishment with john mccain.
he is the anointed candidate by the corrupt, immoral or amoral media. check
here for current events, updates, facts and comments. if it isn't clear how he
jumped into becoming a "front-runner" quickly, before any votes were
cast, take a look at his supporters. as chairman on the senate committee that
oversees the fcc, the media knows they need to support him. and they have,
unfortunately at our expense. we need campaign finance reform but would his
reform be fair? don't bet on it.
put god's let's work on our own personal relationship with our almighty god
(christian walk).  some candidates have put the moral (god's) issues
first. who? see next and facts that arise for current answers. support them.
not the party. the party has plenty of support from the financial powerbrokers
(who put god's values after money). only support the worthy individuals, not a
party. those who want to salvage the republican - times a'! let's avoid being
forced to turn to another party, but be willing to bolt if the republicans
again fail to put first things first. 
  
   our country has been deceived by the lie -  
    it's the economy, stupid.
   the truth is -
             
christian?  god's values that way.

is it ‘the economy’ for a christian? the apostle paul 
1timothy 6:10 the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. some people
have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs. (niv) 
according to a 1994 gallup poll, 84% of americans classify themselves as
"christian". despite this we find ourselves electing someone who
lacks moral character and lacks wisdom. bill clinton is not the problem. the
american people who voted for him and chose not to vote for god’s values
are the main problem.
proverbs 11:4 wealth is worthless in the day of wrath, but righteousness
delivers from death. (niv)
bill clinton is the evidence we have a moral problem. he is a problem. he is
not the he is a symptom of our problem. we allow an immoral leader to lead us
into moral decisions (such as kosovo) and we see how many lives are destroyed.
pray for those people. pray for us. pray for our government.
as christians, we are called to put nothing ahead of god and his values. we
have failed. if this nation will stand, we must repent, fear god and beg his
forgiveness. our government officials will answer to almighty god. it is a
mistake for a christian to leave their belief at the door when it comes to any
issue, certainly politics is no different. our belief should permeate our whole
being. 
we should separate church and state when the state interferes with the church.
not the other way around. as christians, we should be the ‘salt and the
light’ and use our right to vote according to what best pleases god. we
must. 

matthew 10: 32 "whoever
acknowledges me will also acknowledge him before my father in heaven. 33 but
whoever disowns me before men, i will disown him before my father in heaven.
(niv)
our nation was founded on christian beliefs.
 



