
















home | centre for the study of african economies








































pause animated content


skip to main content















 






 connect
  

 vacancies
  

 internal hub
  





























search form

search

















home 



about




connect





people




research 



data




research projects




csae research podcasts





working papers




impact




journal




coders' corner




events 



csae conference 2025




seminars and workshops




previous conferences





funding 



csae conference funding




fellowships




scholarships




























home





































researching economic and social development  







we have been researching economic and social development in africa and other areas of the world since 1986.
 








                    about us
                





















        welcome to the centre for the study of african economies      




we are a development economics research centre based at the university of oxford, with researchers in the department of economics, the blavatnik school of government, and the oxford department of international development.























our events





we run many events at the centre, including the lunchtime seminar series and research workshops during term time, and several conferences and workshops throughout the academic year.






                  view upcoming events
                










journal of african economies





a vehicle to carry rigorous economic analysis focused entirely on africa. the journal (jae) is managed by the csae and published by oxford university press






                  view the jae information
                










csae working paper series





the csae working paper series includes papers on a range of development economics topics.






                  read our working papers
                





 































csae conference 2025 registration open







the csae conference brings together development economists from across the world to discuss issues relevant to africa.
when: 23-25 march 2025
where: st catherine's college, oxford, uk
registration is now open. deadline 23 february 2025 (speaker deadline 05 january 2025)








                    find out more about the event
                







































we're hiring







join the team as a post-doctoral fellow in economics in association with the centre for the study of african economies, economic policy network, university of oxford, seconded to the ministry of finance, government of ethiopia.
location: addis ababa, ethiopia
deadline: 28 february 2025








                    find out more and apply
                






































our research





we're researching economic and social development across the world.






                  explore our research
                
















making an impact





we engage on an international level with organisations, institutions, policymakers, and advisers to form connections and make a difference in developing countries.






                  find out more about our impact
                





 































new scholarships







we're delighted to announce two new scholarships for african postgraduate candidates studying economics at the university of oxford.








                    find out more about our scholarships
                





































                        listen to our podcasts
                      





csae research podcasts




a series of conversations about research taking place at the csae



















                        visit the blog
                      





csae coders' corner




head to the csae's coders' corner on github for useful tips on handling data, exporting graphs, and writing code.




































































section links
people
research
working papers
journal
events
coders' corner
























contact information
centre for the study of african economies
manor road building
manor road
oxford
ox1 3uq
united kingdom
























general enquiries:
+44 (0)1865 271084
csae.enquiries@economics.ox.ac.uk
social media:
bluesky
linkedin
youtube
x (twitter)
 













































 













© copyright 2020 csae | picture credits | accessibility statement | privacy statement
site by herd



 









 
 
















powered by
oxford mosaic








list of site pages


