























uc davis nutrition department








      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis nutrition department






























open search




search












    quick links
    +




contact


administration


clinical study recruitment 


seminars


job opportunities


safety resources


make a gift









main navigation (extended config)



home




          about





about the department


mission, vision, and key areas of expertise


contact us


administration


give to nutrition





          people





faculty


staff





          academics






          undergraduate





clinical nutrition major


nutrition science major


minor programs


advising


student resources


change of major


prospective transfer students




graduate


apply


seminars





          centers & programs





ragle human nutrition center


usda western human nutrition research center


institute for global nutrition


center for nutrition in schools


human lactation center


more





          outreach





nutrition and health


child/school nutrition


community nutrition


international nutrition





          news





department news


honors and awards


research activities


departmental seminars





give















campus coronavirus information  |  latest news  |  covid reporting  |  campus ready















to meet the goal of training the next generation of nutrition scientists, our faculty place a strong emphasis on interactive instruction and mentoring.





research ranges from basic biology to intervention studies, with efforts focused on better treatment and prevention of health problems. faculty study the molecular basis of obesity, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes using cellular, gene knockout and metabolomic approaches.





faculty extend science-based information to the public through local, state, national and international channels. research in the department helps formulate policies and nutrition recommendations and provides guidance to improve the health and nutritional status of the individual and populations.





the graduate group in nutritional biology (ggnb) is a cooperative interdepartmental and intercollegiate organization of more than 63 faculty from 15 departments. students may pursue an m.s. or ph.d. degree in nutritional biology under the direction of any member of the group.





in the modern world, our food concerns revolve around obesity, supplement intakes, and how to make high quality diets a part of our busy lives, as well as food safety and availability. the nutrition science major emphasizes biochemical and physiological aspects of nutrition and food constituents through laboratory sciences.





clinical nutrition program uses a rigorous science-based approach to prepare students to apply their knowledge of nutrition to improve public health. this major fulfills the academic requirements for a career as a registered dietitian (r.d.).







 



clinical nutrition major






 



nutrition science major






 



graduate study in nutrition








undergraduate minors







 




apply







 



welcome
new scientific discoveries reinforce that nutrition is central to maintaining health and reducing disease risk. this is an exciting time to be a part of the science and application of nutritional knowledge. welcome to the department of nutrition.
more






 



public health
want to make an impact with your education? consider majoring in nutrition science, public health option. this program sets the stage for impacting large populations with policy development, community outreach, or nutrition education.
more






 



nutrition info
we are committed to extending science-based information to the public through local, state, national and international channels.  we provide reliable information about a variety of nutrition topics via our online publications and resources.
more















 




professor fawaz haj moderates panel on precision medicine for chronic metabolic diseases at u.s.-kuwait workshop


february 13, 2025






 




joan frank named 2025 outstanding dietetics educator


february 05, 2025






 




balancing nutrition with holiday eating


december 20, 2024






 




nigeria adopts multiple micronutrient-fortified bouillon cube standards to reduce malnutrition and child mortality


december 19, 2024






 




11th annual ggnb research symposium


december 16, 2024






 




clinical nutrition alumni, rachael mack, brings olympic routine and consistency to uc davis


november 15, 2024






 




new department chair announcement: professor gerardo mackenzie


october 30, 2024







  subscribe to recent articles








 



meet the faculty






quick links

contact usadministrationseminarsclinical study recruitmentjob opportunitiessafety resourcesdirectorymake a gift


















department of nutrition, 3135 meyer hall, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616-5270 | 530-752-4630  |  nutritionweb@ucdavis.edu



questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 6, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











