


nice price usa - great internet shopping







































phone orders:   call: 585-359-1010   or   toll free: 877.831.2737
										







home

|




affiliates

|




contact us















shopping cart:


0 items























search






















this text is replaced by the flash movie.





























top categories










new arrivals



clearance items




back to school gifts



designer fashions



electronics



for the home



health, fitness and beauty



our children



shopping green



sports and leisure














website security






















featured product











igiainstant cover



















live online support















































nice price usa - online shopping always at the nice price!

























designer fashions




give yourself a hip new look with our designer handbags, wallets, watches, scarves, sunglasses & more.





























electronic gadgets




from radar detectors to digital cameras, find the latest advances in new technology.





























for the home




our selection of home décor, furniture, gadgets & auto care will make your home feel like new again.






























health, fitness & beauty




look and feel great from the inside out with our skin care, health care, & weight management products.





























our children




keep your children safe, healthy & happy.  we carry products for babies, kids, pets, & for those expecting.





























sports & leisure




from the field to the diamond, our sporting & leisure equipment will bring out the sportsman in anyone.



























online shopping made easy




we offer a large variety of items for all aspects of living.  from designer fashions, to home decor, to health & beauty aids, you can be sure all products offered are authentic and of the highest quality.  our designer fashions span from designer handbags to designer fragrances by designers such as prada, coach, & ralph lauren.  we also offer products for babies, kids, pets, & sports enthusiasts.

in addition, find a vast selection of merchandise for skin care, diet supplements, hair care, anti aging, varicose veins, vitamin supplements, cellulite, household cleaners, automotive products, as seen on tv items, and much, much more!

thank you for shopping at nice price usa where you "always get the nice price"!











 

























free standard




shipping offer




receive free standard shipping on all u.s. orders of $50.00 or more!












feature of the month











prok cream
















website information









privacy policy



return policy



shipping policy



payment options














coupons & offers










join our free email list to receive coupons & special promotions




































become a fan ofus on facebook!



follow nicepriceusa on twitter!








home
 | 
about us
 | 
privacy policy
 | 
contact us
 | 
affiliate program
 | 
site map
 | 
top






website design by scriptable solutions, llc
































