








department of anthropology – college of letters & science – uw–madison









































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of anthropology

college of letters & science




menu
open menu


close





home
people
expand


collapse



faculty
emeritus faculty
academic staff
affiliate faculty
administrative staff
graduate students


research
undergraduate and graduate study
expand


collapse



undergraduate study
graduate study


get involved!
collections
about
events
diversity and land acknowledgement
expand


collapse



statement on diversity, equity, and inclusion
land acknowledgement


make a gift
what’s your news?
 



give to anthropology
 





the department of anthropology acknowledges that the university of wisconsin-madison occupies the ancestral lands of the ho-chunk, a place their nation has called teejop since time immemorial.

            go to land acknowledgement
more

 






meet our faculty



 



transformative research

learn more about our faculty's innovative and transformative research on the human experience and the research themes that cross-cut our program. much of their research is supported with a wide variety of external grants and fellowships.





 



award winning teachers

our faculty have been recognized for their excellence in teaching, including three recipients of the chancellor's distinguished teaching award. more than half of our faculty have been recognized with the uw housing honored instructor award.




anthropology faculty, staff, and students draw on a comparative framework as we seek to understand human diversity, distinctiveness, and universality through time and across the world. anthropology spans the humanities, the social sciences, and the biological, cognitive, and evolutionary sciences, bringing an interdisciplinary vitality to research and teaching on some of the most important issues facing humanity today: conflict and violence, human rights, power struggles, migration, environmental change, cultural identity, political and economic life, food, and understanding the ways that cultural meaning, history, and power have shaped the human experience. 






            undergraduate  programs
more

 



            graduate  programs
more

 



            our research  stories
more

 



recent newsuw-madison researcher wants to improve the hmong experience in midwestern nursing homesfebruary 4, 2025archaeologists are finding dugout canoes in the american midwest as old as the great pyramids of egyptjanuary 23, 2025threat of abrupt mortality events keeps endangered monkey population at risk, despite decades of growthdecember 16, 2024more uw-madison anthropology news posts 
more

event calendarmarchmarch 19nuer wisdom: preserving the past – empowering the future12:00 pm, 206 ingraham hallmore events 
more





 
 
 
 
connect with us! 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website
















































contact usdepartment of anthropology
5240 sewell social sciences building
1180 observatory drive
madison, wi  53706
 map
map marker


email: anthroinfo@mailplus.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-2866
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: anthroinfo@mailplus.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











