










bicycles nyc | new york city, ny | bike shop ebikes repairs




































































skip to main content


























toggle navigation









account
account




stores
stores




cart
cart




subtotal: $0.00

checkout
cart











search



search


















menu

x





cart

cart




account
account




store
store



about


contact us


about bicycles nyc 


about our test rides


photo gallery


store policies


privacy




shop 

menu has  items


bikes




bikes


road bikes


mountain bikes


cyclocross bikes


commuter/urban bikes


folding bikes


comfort bikes


fitness bikes


hybrid bikes


children's bikes





electric




electric


bikes





parts




parts


bar ends


bottom brackets


brakes/levers/pads


cables


cassettes/freewheels


chainrings


chains


cranksets


derailleurs


forks


handlebar grips/tape


handlebars


headsets


pedals


saddles


seatposts


shift/brake combinations


shifters


stems


other





wheels




wheels


parts & accessories


wheels


hubs


rims





tires/tubes




tires/tubes


parts & accessories


tires


tubes: all sizes/types





accessories




accessories


electric/gas motor kits


children's-bike accessories


body care


child seats


electronics


eyewear


fenders


hydration


lighting


locks/security


nutrition


packs/racks/baskets


pumps/inflation


safety


storage


tools/maintenance


trailers/strollers


indoor cycling


other





clothing




clothing


accessories


gloves


jerseys/tops (short sleeve)


jerseys/tops (long sleeve)


shirts/tops (casual)


shorts/bottoms


shorts/bottoms (casual)


socks


undergarments





helmets




helmets


parts & accessories


adults


kids





shoes




shoes


parts & accessories


cycling shoes





car racks




car racks


parts & accessories


hitch-mount


trunk-mount





gift cards




gift cards






services


bike service menu




road and gravel


electric bikes


electric bike buyer’s guide


electric bike safety 


tern e-bikes


gazelle e-bikes 


cannondale e-bikes




folding bikes


brompton folding bicycles


tern folding bikes




for kids 


kids bikes


kids’ bike trade-up 




cycling and spinning shoes















welcome to bicycles nyc! we've got the perfect bikes, accessories, and support for you and your family.navigate, exercise, get happy.  from bikes to spin shoes, we've got you covered.











we are kids bikeswoom, early rider, cannondale & moresee more




ternelectric cargo bikessee more




gazelle electric bikessee more




cannondale electric bikessee more










cervelowe’re now an official cervélo dealer, bringing the fastest, most innovative bikes to nyc! built for speed, precision, and performance, cervélo is the ultimate choice for serious riders. stop by and see why these bikes dominate the road and trail!see more










some brands aren't on our website. please call us if you're not seeing what you're looking for!












tern's electric cargo bikescarry your kids and groceries with confidence. tern's stability while riding makes it easy to manage heavy loads. cargo bikes are the solution to so many city bicycling needs no matter what you're hauling (or how wiggly your kids are). check out tern hsd and tern gsd here, or call us directly for more information. tern hsd & tern gsddiscover all tern bikes and accessories









new:  we now sell bern helmets!  woom bikes!  early rider!  lake cycling shoes!!!!!












gazelle electric bikesfor 125 years the dutch have produced the highest-quality, most comfortable, lightweight bicycles possible. gazelle's focus on thoughtful design and technical innovation is inspired by the love of cycling, and the belief that bicycles should be a part of daily life. gazelle ebikes feature low step-through frames to allow easy use by everyone, powerful and reliable mid-drive motors to get you where you need to go, and come complete with everything you need such as fenders, racks, lights, bells, locks and kickstands. ebikes are perfect for new york city streets or country roads.the ultimate t10+ is gazelle’s top-end class 3 speed commuter and urban electric bike, with pedal assist up to 28 mph. the four levels of pedal assist (eco, tour, sport, and turbo) and a walk-assist mode come courtesy of bosch’s newest-generation performance line speed 4.0 mid-drive motor putting out 75nm of maximum torque. cadence, torque, and speed sensors are in constant communication with the drive system to fine-tune the level of support. the fourth-generation bosch performance line speed motor is the heart of the ultimate t10+ and, man, is it one smooth and sophisticated system—translating pedal input and speed into natural-feeling support and no herky-jerky surges in power whatsoever.learn more about our gazelle e-bikes









electric bicycles aka ebikes aretransforming transportation in nycshop our ebikes 











electric bikes are transforming new yorke-bikes are easy-to-use, and an environmentally friendly, fast and convenient form of transportation. shop our growing inventory of electric scooters and electric bikes and change the way you move.














 see the collection

































tern folding bicyclesfolding bicycles make enormous sense for anyone traveling around the city while also being easy to fold and to store. tern's claim to fame is that unlike many folding bicycles it is just as solid as any other bike. it's just built solid.shop tern now


brompton folding bikesmade in london, england brompton has been one of the premier folding bike since 1976. incredibly customizable, light and technically brilliant. the prefect folding bike for new york city.shop brompton now








why folding bikes make so much sense today.these days getting around the city can be a concern when you have to rely on buses or the subway. our folders ride like conventional bikes and make them the most convenient cycling solution available for home or work in new york: shop now


kids' bikesremember your first bike? we build our kids bikes to ride better, last longer, and carry kids safely to more adventures. make memories that young riders never forget with a children's bike from bicycles nyc.shop now








bike servicewe're offer the most experienced and professional mechanics in the industry. we service all bicycle brands and models. learn more about our bicycle service packages.learn more


bike buildsour professionally trained mechanics provide bike building services for every type of bike. no matter what type of bike you have, we’ve got you covered.learn more









welcome to bicycles nycvisit us






















bicycles nyc1400 3rd ave (between 79th & 80th)new york, ny 10075(212) 794-2929info@bicyclesnyc.comdirections & hours


store hours:mon - sat 9 - 6sun 8 - 5.


shopbikeselectric bikescomponentsaccessories







facebook instagram youtube yelp







© 2024 bicycles nyc | all rights reserved | your privacy | accessibility


























