















dining | villanova university

























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x
menu


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionopen nowwhere to eatmeal plansspecial diets & nutritionsustainabilitycateringour staffour staff




events

















x

search vu


















dining































villanova


dining services
















villanova dining services offers convenient, top-quality, nutritious meals prepared for every dietary need by our experienced chefs. with 20 dining locations—three dining halls and 17 retail operations—you’re never far from a good meal, even if you’re far from home.












                    what's open?
            





                    spring break hours
            





                    where to eat?
            


















meal plans



villanova’s flexible meal plans are designed around your busy schedule. we offer plans for resident and commuter students, as well as faculty and staff. from buffet-style meals to grab-and-go snacks, we have the plan to fit your dining needs.




			sign up
		





			student plans
		





			faculty & staff plans
		


















special diets &nutrition



at villanova, nutrition comes first. we carefully curate, cook and serve every meal in every location. we don’t use hydrogenated oils or artificial preservatives, and we carefully label our menu options. our staff is here to help guide you with food choices or special dietary requests. 



		  learn more  




		  allergy & special diet request  


















announcements, highlights & events










ヴィ sushi at cafe nova!


							  you asked we delivered!  sushi is now offered every day that cafe nova is open.  11:00 am to 3:00 pm and 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm.  order ahead on grub hub.
							  
							      more...

 












 



now open


							  holy grounds @ drosdick hall is now open and serving all of your favorite coffee, tea and snack selections. 
							  
							      more...

 












 



order ahead at cafe nova


							  ordering your meal ahead at cafe nova is now available through the grubhub app. 
							  
							      more...

 












 



























sustainability










villanova is committed to a more sustainable future, and dining services is proud to be a leader in this effort. we do this every day in each of our dining locations through buying organic and local produce and meat, serving fair trade beverages, and reducing food waste and plastic use.



		  explore our initiatives  






















catering



villanova catering is here to help you plan and execute your event—no matter the size! our menu and staffing options include everything from casual refreshments to upscale, full-service dinners. catering coordinators are here to work with you—whether you're a student, faculty or staff member—to meet your event’s unique needs with customized menus and event packages. 



		  plan your event  


















our team






who we are


passionate and knowledgeable, our team is committed to providing nutritious and delicious meals to our community.



		  our staff  






join our team


become a part of our dedicated team of nutritionists, managers and associates—including student employment opportunities.



		  explore employment  























connect with dining services



speak out


we continually strive to improve our services and welcome your comments. 



		  share feedback  



questions?



		  e-mail us  



on social





























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













