ï»¿



beijing tours, budget china great wall, forbidden city packages, 24/7 service









 


1-800-315-3949
 



 china tours 
 beijing tours 
 small group 
 beijing facts 
 attractions 
 dining 
 transportation 
 travel tips 







	beijingtrip.com provides best private and small group tours of beijing and other hot destinations in china. as your backup travel encyclopedia, we also provide a wealth of beijing travel information on attractions, transportation, dining, shopping, and entertainment.





		mini group day tours - no shopping
	
our mini group day tours with the best deals will take you to explore the highlights of the cities, including the great wall and forbidden city in beijing, and the terracotta army museum in xi'an, and the zhangjiajie avatar mountains and glass bridge. our dedicated services will ensure you a pleasant travel experience.

beijing mini group day tour to mutianyu great wall, forbidden city, tiananmen, & hutong  $792 days beijing mini group tour with great wall, forbidden city, and more highlights  $159xi'an mini group day tour to terracotta army, city wall, pagoda, muslim bazaar  $59one day beijing trip to temple of heaven, hutong alleys by rickshaw, lama temple, and summer palace  $99zhangjiajie 2 days mini group tour to forest park, avatar mountains, grand canyon and glass bridge from $109zhangjiajie 1 day mini group day trip to forest park with avatar mountains from $59


china small group tours - no shopping

our small group tours offer you well-picked destinations, quality accommodation and attentive service at the lowest price. and our travel experts have designed the most reasonable and popular routes, covering the highlights of china.

8 days beijing - xi'an - shanghai from $129911 days beijing - xi'an - guilin - yangshuo - guilin - shanghai from $166914 days beijing - xi'an - guilin - chongqing - yangtze river cruise - yichang - shanghai from $2429


all small group itineraries




china tour packages

as a leading china tour operator, we provide our distinguished guests with both affordable small group tours and private tailor-made tours. you can browse our website to select trips or destinations that interest you. the recommended itineraries below will give you a general direction.

6 days private tour of beijing and zhangjiajie from $105912 days beijing - luoyang - xian - chengdu - hong kong 12 days holy tibet exploration: beijing - lhasa - gyangtse - shigatse - shanghai 


all china tours itineraries










				beijing travel guide
			




 attractions


							great wall of china, forbidden city, summer palace, tiananmen square, temple of heaven, hutongs
						





 facts


							fast facts, climate, history and culture, local features, folk customs, beijing map, china map






 dining


							local cuisine, other chinese cuisines, foreign cuisines, food streets, recommended restaurants
						





 entertainment


							performances, bars, teahouses, karaoke tv, fitness centers, sports centers
						





 shopping


							local products, shopping areas, distinctive markets, shopping malls, supermarkets
						





 transportation


							airports, train, long-distance bus, city bus, subway, taxi, rickshaw, bicycle
						





 travel tips


							entry & exit regulations, what to pack, money matters, accommodation, communication
						





 tour faqs


							frequently asked questions before your travel to beijing.
						





 beijing olympics


							bidding process, venues, schedule, olympic stories, mascots
						





 beijing tours reviews


							read what thousands of real travelers have said about us before making a decision.
						















contact us
about us
copyright


			 © 1999-2025 beijing trip, all rights reserved.
		






