



















militaria specialists, army badge and uniform button dealers - www.kellybadge.co.uk


























home
insignia for sale
how to order
books
swap & sell militaria
about us
help & contact






staybrite army cap badgeswe currently have over 160 different types of staybrite army cap badge for sale.



staybrite uniform buttonswe currently have around 700 different types of military staybrite uniform button for sale.



army officers' cap badgeswe currently have about 90 different types of army officers' cap badge for sale.



other military uniform buttonswe currently have over 1400 different types of non-staybrite uniform button for sale - these are mainly older buttons, including 										 brass, gilt, mounted, horn, plastic, and silver-plated types.



other ranks' cloth beret badgeswe currently have about 75 different types of other ranks' cloth head-dress badge for sale.



police uniform buttonswe currently have over 600 different types of police & prisons uniform button for sale.  these are mainly british, but include  
					a variety of overseas buttons, mainly from the british commonwealth.



rank badgeswe currently have over 700 different types of rank badge for sale, including: army, navy, air force, marines, cadets, police & fire brigade.



fire service uniform buttonswe currently have around 180 different types of fire service and fire brigade uniform button for sale.



canadian insigniawe currently have over 500 different canadian uniform badges and buttons.



miscellaneous uniform buttonswe currently have over 350 different types of miscellaneous uniform button for sale, including ambulance service, banks, 											british royal household, lieutenancy, civil defence, customs & excise, commercial organisations, post office, clubs and societies.



new zealand insigniawe currently have about 90 different new zealand uniform badges and buttons.



shipping and transport uniform buttonswe currently have over 180 different types of shipping and transport uniform button for sale, including 
					merchant navy, railways, tramways, buses, corporation transport, canals and airlines.



airborne insigniawe currently have around 400 different items of airborne insignia for sale, including 
					drop-zone flashes and worldwide parachute wings.



yacht, boat and sailing club buttonswe currently have around 50 different types of yacht, boat and sailing club buttons for sale.





ian kelly (militaria) - mail order insignia dealers since 1990
			original uniform badges & buttons bought and sold with money-back guarantee of authenticity
			please be patient whilst pages load - around 10,000 different insignia items - well worth waiting...


uniform insignia for sale

home
main index
unit index
campaign index
nationality index
master list (pdf)
fresh stock








click here for our new website



militaria & uniform insignia for sale
if you want original collectible militaria, you are at the right 
			place - based in shropshire, england.  this year we are 
			celebrating 27 years as specialist dealers in british military 
			badges and buttons.  order from a choice of over 10,000 different 
			collectable badges, patches &
			buttons including army, 
			royal navy 
			and 
			royal 
			air force uniform insignia, plus a wide range of 
			police, 
			fire service,
			ambulance,
			shipping lines, 
			railway and 
			yacht club 
			insignia.
my name is ian kelly and i have collected uniform insignia since the age of 10.  
			as militaria stockists, our family-run business has been registered 
			since 1990.  the internet allows us to trade as militaria suppliers in our spare time, normally at weekends and evenings.  we operate 
			purely by mail-order to buy and sell quality collectable uniform insignia - we do not have a 'high street' shop.


			click here for our new website
militaria  catalogues
our fresh stock web page 
					was updated on tuesday 21 november 2017.
we publish militaria catalogues by post through the year.  these include fresh stock before it appears on this website.  
					in effect, postal subscribers get first-pick of the rare items. 
					click here for details of postal 
					subscriptions.
most items are british or british commonwealth from 1881 to the present, plus a good selection of worldwide 
			parachute wings and 
			thousands of buttons, including 
			shipping and transport buttons.  
			click here for our online militaria shop - it includes military badges from 
			australia,
			canada and 
			new zealand.
we have no ww2 german items, no medals,
			no g uns, no knives and no bulky equipment.
			whatever we sell must be small enough - and legal enough - to be posted by mail.

uk armed forces veteran's lapel badges

uk armed forces veteran's lapel badges are available to entitled personnel free of charge direct from the british government's service personnel & veterans agency 
			- 
			click for details
click here to find british army cap badges for sale





up-dates
this page was updated on   friday 18 may 2018
master catalogue
our 
			february 2015 master catalogue is now available as a 142-page a4-size hard-copy book sold via
			lulu.com.  





militaria  catalogues
we publish militaria catalogues by post through the year.  these  include fresh stock before it appears on this website.  
					in effect, postal subscribers get first-pick of the rare items. 
					click here for details of postal 
					subscriptions.
button identification
	the british button society has an  identification service.
the british button society

 
	the british button society was founded in 1976 by a group of people interested in collecting buttons and researching their history. 				the society has collectors of all types of button and publishes 4 excellent journals per year called 'button lines' -  click for 					details
insignia images
pictures of insignia on this website are taken from 
						items owned by ian g kelly (militaria). images and text are copyright © ian g kelly (militaria)



ian g kelly (militaria), p.o. box 66, ellesmere, shropshire, sy12 0ys, united kingdom
www.kellybadges.co.uk





