















flyfishing guides, green river outfitters, dutch john, utah




























green river drifters professional flyfishing
                guides serve on one of the true legendary flyfishing
                rivers of the west for your fly fishing adventure...the
                green river. the most famous spot for flyfishing the
                green river is located on the colorado - utah border and
                in the most northern pinyon pine/ juniper forest in the
                world. with the diversity of this
                tailwater river corridor mixed with the highest
                population of trout per mile in the continental united
                states, the green river has been a western favorite of
                fly fishermen near and far.
 












































choose from three distinct river sections to
                flyfish. the a section of the green river runs 7.5 miles
                below the flaming gorge dam to the little hole area. the
                b section of the green river is the 9.0 mile section
                from little hole to brown's park. the c section is from
                indian crossing/taylor bridge in brown's park downstream
                to the colorado stateline. the scenery varies from the
                steep canyon walls on the a section of the green river,
                to the flat meanderings of the green river through
                brown's park. 
green river drifters
                fishing guides are professional and courteous with great
                teaching skills. the green river is known for its "dry
                fly fishing"!  we focus on these opportunities, as
                well as other techniques to have a productive day.
                whether it be aquatic hatches, or terrestrials like
                ants, beetles, and hoppers, watching a green river trout
                rise to your fly is as good as it gets! fishing the
                river will be scenic, memorable, and our friendship will
                endure for years to come!

we offer half day and full
                day fishing trips and scenic trips, all with professional
                flyfishing guides. call green river
                drifters at 801-243-1089 or email
                greenriverdrifters@gmail.com. 



fishing
                  licenses can be bought online at: www.wildlife.utah.gov

click
                    here to take the green river survey 
                  to help us in continuing to provide the best possible
                  service for our green river guests.

permitted
                by ashley national forest
 






                for more information 
                and reservations call:
801-243-1089


                    p.o. box 230
                  dutch john, ut 84023
 
email us








