








york dance academy












































































 












skip to content

















  


search for:








homeyda portalabout us our directorour facultyfaqstestimonialsprograms winter 2025 mini sessionsjanuary registration 2025adult classesbirthday partiescompetitive danceclass descriptionsprivate lessonsyda to go!master workshop seriesschedulesnews & events 2024 recital informationannual breast cancer awareness fundraisercovid-19 safety plancurrent news & eventscontact usshop 












loading...







york dance academy 



taking your passion and making it happen 











learn to dance 



classes from 3 years to adult 


yda programs
class descriptions











experience the energy 


yda competitive program











registration still open - limited spaces! 



please give one of our studios a call to find out which class will best suit your child 


see our schedules
register today!














homelisaobear2025-02-13t13:57:12-05:00 
the york dance academy, founded in 1986, is one of the foremost dance studios in york region. our professional staff will inspire, motivate and challenge you in a fun-filled and family friendly environment. we encourage everyone to achieve their fullest potential as artists, leaders and global citizens.
dedicated to providing the highest calibre of education, we offer a variety of private, semi-private and group classes for boys, girls and adults at the recreational, competitive and professional level. dance disciplines include; acro, ballet, contemporary, hip hop, jazz, lyrical, musical theatre, preschool (ecd), tap, social ballroom. strengthening and conditioning programs including pbt (progressive ballet technique) and yoga, are also available, for those who want to improve their overall physical fitness.
our studios are located in newmarket, aurora and stouffville. they are fully equipped with sprung floors, mirrors and quality sound systems, with viewing and snack areas that provide access to free wifi. our outreach programs bring dance into the community throughout various school boards and private schools. areas we service include but are not limited to, ballantrae, coulson’s hill, georgina, gilford beach, gormley, goodwood, mount albert, newton, robinson, uxbridge and zephyr. with the addition of zoom classes, we are happy to welcome students from all over, including port perry, montreal and british columbia.
yda won the reader’s choice award for best dance studio repeatedly throughout the years we have been in operation. our artistic director & owner, angela tucker, received a business achievement award by the aurora chamber of commerce. angela has been featured on numerous television productions including ctv’s the fitness people and city tv’s morning television.
we invite you to come and join our family to see why so many have chosen yda as their dance studio and home away from home for over 35 years.
highly qualified staff
our teachers are all highly qualified and skilled dancers, performers and educators. bringing their amazing performance experienceto the studio, from competition to cruise ships to raptors games, yda teachers love to share their passion and cannot wait to start working with you!
spacious studios
with 3 studio locations across york region in aurora, newmarket and stouffville, all yda studios are spacious with sprung floors and feature everything you need to make the most of your dance experience. we also offer viewing areas, homework space and wifi to make everyone comfortable!
classes for all
at yda we have class options for everyone! from 3 years to adult, we offer mini-session, summer camp, recreational and competitive programs in a wide variety of styles. whether you are just starting to discover your passion for dance or want to continue your love of it, we have a class for you.
take your passion and make it happen with york dance academy!

 

 


 
 





contact us  info@yorkdance.com


  aurora  - (905) 726-1241
 305 industrial parkway s., unit 19
aurora, on l4g 6x7


  newmarket  - (905) 836-4939
 17665 leslie st., unit 28
newmarket, on
l3y 3e3


  stouffville  - (905) 640-6082
30 innovator ave., unit 1 
stouffville, on
l4a 0v6
let’s get social








 



 











ydaofficial
yda was founded in 1986. our professional staff will inspire, motivate and challenge you in a fun-filled and family friendly environment.








☃️❄️ sunday morning classes are cancelled.






all studios are open for classes tonight! drive sa






stay safe & warm!
 





a very happy birthday yo our beautiful ms. genevie






wishing you an abundance of joy and success this l
 





on january 6th, 2025 a number of our dancers and t
 





🎉 happy birthday, ms. angela! 🎉

today, we c
 





❤️ happy new year yda ❤️






yda dancers were honored to have been selected to 
 


 





 follow on instagram







 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2017	


facebookinstagramyoutubex
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area
















 
 
page load link






 















































































































go to top




