


gano excel ganocafe healthy coffee with ganoderma lucidum,reishi,lingzhi,coffee that tastes good ,qsciences oral sprays - advanced nutrition ,herbs,water soluble minerals,vitamins nutrients 98& absorption, nf - usp certified




























this page uses frames - if you cannot view, 
    you cannot view frames. 
contact us at avitaspray@aol.com.
you may use the links below to view the site 
    pages in no-frames. use your browser back button to return to this site index. 
    some links and articles are also available below.










liquid gold 
healthy coffee 
            at katie's natural way
        
          
click on photo above to view video 
          best with high-speed connection 
a healthier coffee for you, a smooth gourmet taste
            with less acidity at an affordable wholesale price 


















 




clicking 
              on buttons, pictures, underlined words and icons will bring you to 
              more detailed information 



click 
      here to become a preferred customer with a 25% retail discount  , or

             
          
           
                    






"to die for" - mocha


great classic ( black )

 
exquisite sod 
            herbal tea


no-caffeine 
          cocoa for children




 a 
          smooth pleasant tasting coffee as good or better than your current brewed 
          coffee without the excess caffeine or acidity!  













 
 



            
learn about 
      avian influenza - h5n1      bird 
      flu and reishi     more 
      on reishi 



why would you pay more and get ? ingredients when the purest, most effective products are less cost with referral $$ 








the nutritional implications of bariatric surgery 
bariatric surgery is a life changing event.  the surgery drastically reduces the amount of food a person is able to ingest at any one time.  the surgery also drastically reduces the area in the stomach and intestines available for the absorption of nutrients into the blood.
immediately after the surgery, only clear liquids can be ingested.  gradually the patient transfers to opaque liquids, to pureed foods, to soft foods, and finally, to well chewed regular foods. 
            following bariatric surgery, it is virtually impossible to obtain adequate amounts of vitamins from the diet.  a life-long commitment to a regular multi-vitamin supplement is required for most patients.
following surgery, do the patients have to take vitamin and mineral supplements for the rest of their lives?
yes!  start with a multi-vitamin at least three weeks before surgery to help your body prepare for the surgery. this can also help your body during the recovery process.  following weight loss surgery, vitamin and mineral supplements are essential if nutritional deficiencies are to be prevented.  deficiencies arise due to both the reduced food intake and the malabsorption associated with the surgery.  the majority of weight loss surgery patients will require a multi-vitamin supplement for years to come.
vitamins and health - 
            gastric bypass surgery introduces a malabsorption condition to the patients digestive tract.  the malabsorption condition is part of the reason why weight is lost more quickly than by simply dieting alone.  malabsorption is a major factor in many types of weight loss surgery, such as roux-en-y and the duodenal switch.
what's the best way to take vitamins? -  spray vitamins are ingested as liquids, sprayed directly into the mouth where the vitamins start to absorb directly across the buccal mucosa (the lining of the mouth) and swallowed.
spray vitamins are ideally suited to the bariatric patient. 
            they will not interfere with food intake, there is no pill to swallow, (no fillers and binders that are common in vitamin pill manufacturing, and may include dehydrogenated animal fat, talcum powder, whey, and shellac) to interfere with the dietary intake and take-up the limited space available.  with spray vitamins the patient will receive the required vitamins without the possibility of regurgitation.  q spray vitamins are easy to use on a regular basis.
vitamins are essential to ensure health and wellness.  using oral spray vitamins is the only way to ensure adequate daily intake of these life giving nutrients. this is a life long commitment.  by taking vitamin supplements daily, bariatric patients can help avoid health complications due to malnutrition.  q spray vitamins makes this commitment easy. 





maybe 
    10% absorption if young & in good health, as noted in physicians 
    desk reference. 90 to 95% absorption with  oral sprays 





"every 
            sickness can be traced to a mineral deficiency" - dr. linus pauling 














 













 

some articles you may find 
    of interesting. click on titles for ms word2000 file



 a 
          powerful brew 
aspartame...the bad news 
if it says suger free ... forget it
benefits of whole 
          foods
splenda 
          is not sugar
of values
a pilot's editorial
immigrants, not americans, must adapt
stevia, a natural choice
breaking 
          coffee news - medical review

obesity 
          health costs outweigh smoking
the war against excess worker waistage
ten things the weight -loss industry 
          won't tell you
study links weight, heart failure
obesity in middleage cuts life 
          span
is fat the next tabacco?
a warning to the american people - 
          1936
we've got to stop eating like this
houston repeats as "fattest 
          city"
link to info on 
          cancer research & ganoderma


learn 
      about avian influenza - h5n1      bird 
      flu and reishi     more 
      on reishi

 


 
links 
    & additional items of interest














