






vacation rental software designed for the property owner | pmbo











































































































































skip to content







 





main menu




homecompanymenu toggle

loyalty program blog
productsmenu toggle

vacavibe smart bundle vacavibe flex – “you choose” mobile app housekeeping app local host app (coming soon)
channelspricingmenu toggle

vacavibe smart bundle vacavibe flex – “you choose” compare & save
vacation rentalsmenu toggle

vacation travel by owner breckenridge rental breckenridge colorado local hosting
contact usmenu toggle

contact us frequently asked questions
 

 
 





























vacavibe smart rental management 















managing your vacation rental has never been easier!​ 
















 










smart software with one centralized dashboard




our smart software is designed to optimize cash flow on your vacation rental. add in our channel manager, and it has never been easier to maximize your exposure and increase your bookings.  vacavibe allows you to manage your calendar, rates, bookings and more across 40+ channels with a single, easy to use consolidated dashboard.  get your property out in front of the 20+ million guests looking for vacation rentals every month!






 

















































earn more, work less & worry never 









































yes, you can manage short-term vacation rentals & local hosting without a professional management company. our vacavibe membership of property owners is designed to bring back the vacation rental by owner concept, giving you real control of your vacation rental business. software, tools, visibility, channel distribution and years of vacation rental management expertise – everything the individual property owner needs for success and increased profits!our customers have reported 4x growth in vacation rental earnings with the pmbo smart application.




































vacavibe smart applications 
increase your profits

  






































 



channel manager

list your home and take advantage of our multi-channel listing distribution.















 



mobile app

manage all of your properties using one simple-to-use mobile application.















 



local hosting

communicating with your guests before, during, and after their stay increases ratings. 















 



housekeeping app

peace of mind with a quality control system for monitoring vacant and ready status . 


















how our channel manager work? 



automatic inclusion in popular vacation rental sites 



in addition to listing and promoting your home to our extensive database of travelers, vacavibe also automatically integrates with major marketing channels and top travel websites. you can manage your rental property across the most popular channels like airbnb, vrbo, homeaway, google, expedia and more. 







schedule personalized demo






















 




































smart software - easy to get started 






































 





quickly enter your vacation homes content, rates, availability, pictures and more on the mobile app.















 





there's no need to manually update multiple channels. eliminate double or missed bookings with a single management platform. 















 





availability & rates are automatically synced across all desired management channels.





















 





content syndication allows your property descriptions, amenities, pictures, and more to be synced across all channels; improving your listing, ranking, views, and bookings!















 





net pricing allows automatic adjustment of rates to cover channel/ota/commission fees on each channel so you receive your net price per night as set by you on our software.















 





manage your reservations and access your booking history. save money and spend less time on management with our centralized command center.































how much can you earn?our customers have reported up to 4x growth in rental reservations with the use of vacavibe smart software channel manager.  need more bookings, we can help……







send my free rental earnings report









 





































vacavibe maximizes rental $'s 






































 



one centralized command center​

manage all your properties and channels through a single, centralized dashboard. automatically sync data across 30+ premium listing sites and manage it all through one unified calendar, inbox, and reservation system.















 



we've reduced guest booking fees!

guests save big dollars by booking direct on owner sites. unlike other rental management sites today, vacavibe charges just a nominal 2.9% guest service fee.  this is huge savings off the 12% - 24% service fees charged directly to the guest by airbnb and vrbo.





















 



automatic inclusion in vacavibe​

guests are catching on to changes in the real estate marketplace and looking for actual by owner options where rental home pricing and bookings don't have additional costs. vacavibe is the answer, and your inclusion in our booking site is automatic and free. ​















 



a true by-owner option​

the marketplace has changed a lot in the past few years. most large by owner sites are predominantly large property management companies and travel agencies. the by owner marketplace has all but disappeared.
pmbo is reviving the true by owner experience, letting property owners manage every aspect of their rentals.
pmbo is reviving the true by owner experience, letting property owners manage every aspect of their rentals.





















 



bookings & inquiry responses​

each property has defaulted automatic inquiry responses allowing immediate replies to questions from our vacavibe reservation site as well as our channel partners. improve your rankings and search order results across all channels with responsiveness!​















 



owner flexibility​

our owners are our most important customers and we’ve put you first with owner-friendly policies like no term commitments, no limits on personal stays and an owner loyalty program allowing you to decrease your costs year after year.​





















 



housekeeping app​

integrate with housekeeping by owner to assign the housekeeper or service person of your choice to your property. define work, see current housekeeping tasks and have complete access to the current status for inspections, uploading pictures of the home on guest departure. record previous guest ratings, report damages, request maintenance, and supervisor inspections. integrate with the mobile app to quickly and easily see the current housekeeping status related to your upcoming reservations.​















 



mobile app​

managing your vacation rental has never been easier. with the vacavibe mobile app, use your cell phone to view today’s check-ins, today’s check-outs, tomorrow’s check-ins, tomorrow’s check-outs and a full list of all reservations. communicate details quickly and easily with guests and build messages to send out via text for pre-arrival, check-in instructions, internet/wi-fi, property address, directions, check-out instructions, welcome and thank you messages, all defined in your back-office.​





















 



automated guest communication​

vacavibe sends out automated guest messages, including rental contracts, reservation confirmations, email reminders of upcoming stays, check-in instructions, an invitation to local host by owner guest app, request for reviews and more – ensuring you have professional and timely responses to your guests throughout the entire reservation process.​















 



local host by owner app​

saving you time and money, we’ve integrated a guest concierge application to automate and impress your guests. property and reservation information is available at your guests' fingertips as well as local weather, events, restaurants and activities and an integrated communication thread. we’ve even built in mobile check-in, mobile check-out and frequently asked questions such as directions or wi-fi info.​





















 



low fees!​

increase your profits without eating into your free time. the cost of using the vacavibe management software and app is significantly less than typical management companies who charge up to 55% in some areas. you'll save money and time, allowing you to afford and manage additional vacation homes and expand your real estate portfolio. ​






















view our plans







ready to earn more, work less, and never worry? 



get started with property management by owner. your vacation rental property management software solution.







schedule your personalized demo                   















 













 











































with vacavibe, you've got this! 



































we’ve got you covered. vacavibe was designed to minimize property management times while maximizing profits with your vacation rental. we provide local hosting and rental management support to the individual property owner, allowing you to quickly and easily set up your vacation rental property to take advantage of the prosperous short-term rental market. we have the tools to get the the visibility and support you need, promoting your property on our direct per owner reservation site (vacavibe), automating guest communication, distributing across the major industry vacation rental partners, handling guest interactions and logistics and support for helping with the guest related activities – cleaning, communication, follow up and reviews!use our central dashboard to easily get your property out in front of the 20 million people booking vacation rentals each month!with one central dashboard to control it all – sync rates, update your calendar, manage reservations, and communicate with your guests –  it has never been easier to start making profit with your vacation rental.  as a property owner, you can do this. you do not need to give up 25, 30, 40 or even 50% plus of your rental homes income to a traditional property management company. we understand the ever-changing short-term rental environment and make the adjustments necessary to keep up with these changes.  add in our  smart apps and you’ve got the visibility & tools needed to be “virtually” on-site, regardless of where you are physically located, to provide a local hands on approach to managing your property and your guest. 

























monthly smart bundle - limited offer









 














annual smart bundle - limited offer









 











































testimonials 










































						we started using pmbo years ago and have always been pleased. but now with the newest enhancements including channeling, the world wide exposure has brought us more clients than we ever thought possible. the platform is excellent at taking reservations and payments as well as providing all of the reports needed to track income and expenses, and file tax reports. also pmbo does an awesome job of handling all of the back and forth communication with renters and managing maid service. we are so pleased that pmbo allowed us to stay in the rental game without the high cost of typical rental management organizations. highly recommend!					





dan & karenaustin, texas 






						i’ve been working with pmbo for over a year to manage my condo in breckenridge, co. pmbo makes it very easy and affordable to own a vacation rental property, by taking care of all advertising of your property, schedule management, and housekeeping. they ensure your property gets maximum exposure through online rental searches. when i bought my breckenridge condo, it was not previously used as an active rental property. pmbo far exceeded my expectations on rental activity and kept it booked straight through ski season and almost every day during the summer season.


the pmbo site also makes it very easy to reconcile your distribution checks against the revenue that is coming in and the expenses that are being paid. the affordability of pmbo services is another major differentiator. most other companies who provide this level of service charge a lot more and make your rental property a marginal investment. i highly recommend using pmbo for your rental property. finding pmbo was a key deciding factor in purchasing a vacation rental property.					





kurt & jennashville, tennessee 






						pmbo is the reason i sleep at night. with pmbo, not only have our rents gone up (with low rental commissions, this is money direct in our pockets!), there is such great ease and confidence that everything is being handled from the point of reservation all the way through guest check-out. pmbo generates bookings and maxes out our rental potential, and they take care of our renters, too! we are able to communicate easily with our renters and give them the confidence that they are coming to a place where they will be well taken care of. as an owner, i couldn’t be happier…or better rested. 					





nikilittleton, colorado 





previous



next







































our latest blogs 












































				denver’s short-term rental laws			


denver’s new short-term rental laws and how they affect owners short-term rentals (strs) have become big business, especially in a


				read more »			











				securing your vacation rental			


there are nearly 8 million u.s. families that own a second home, and many of those are vacation homes. a


				read more »			











				help with your summit county property management			


owning your own slice of paradise in the mountains of colorado’s summit county can be a dream come true, but


				read more »			











				top tips for renting out a vacation home			


nearly 100% of american workers say that vacation time is critical. some even say they’d take more vacation time over


				read more »			




















 







home
company
channels
pricing
vacation rentals
contact us
 

						copyright © 2025 property management by owner  - xml sitemap 















scroll to top



































































