












city garage theatre – "art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it" – bertolt brecht 
















































 city garage theatre
"art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it" – bertolt brecht 



home
productions
tickets
about us
writers workshop
support us!
city garage classics
 






“dynamically staged…thought-provoking and topical”—steven stanley, stage scene la“wow!”—stagescene la“...an uncanniness that feels friendly and welcoming, suggesting a place where we can all be mad together...”—amanda andrei, stage raw“... sometimes scorching, sometimes hilarious, always intriguing exploration of human relations…what really grabs our attention and hearts are the performances.”—zahir blue, night tinted glasses“contemporary theater at its most informative and impactful …  stunning, gut-punching”—steven stanley, stagescenela“it hits like thunderclap…”—david macdowell blue, the world through night-tinted glasses“stellar performances from the cast under frédérique michel’s direction”—stage raw“approaches the “hallelujah” level!”—don shirley, angeles stage“...startlingly compelling as well as rather surprisingly funny...”—zahir blue, night tinted glasses“eerie, atmospheric ... well suited to the stylish city garage aesthetic”—philip brandes, los angeles times“... a greek myth scaled down to human proportions ... it’s simple, it’s quiet, it’s deeply personal”—anthony byrnes, “opening the curtain” kcrw“the bourgeois gentleman had the audience laughing from start to finish.”—ilana lifshitz“superb acting….frederique michel’s clockwork-like direction of schimmelpfennig’s tricky, provocative play and charles duncombe’s atmospheric stage design also deserve the highest praise possible.”—will manus, total theater“city garage, known for daring, highly stylized sociopolitical theater, is the ideal local company to revive this infrequently done, disturbingly timely play.”—margaret grey, the los angeles timesandrew loviska“crowd-pleasing and consistently funny!”—stage rawclaire pida, bo roberts, and buddy brown in moliere’s “school for wives”“the piece is fascinating to watch... handsome and visually stunning production, stylized and ritualized.”—neal weaver, stage rawkimshelley lessard“the writing and the performances crackle...”—paul birchall, stage rawandrew loviska, johanny paulinoyukiko hadena, david e. frank, megan kim“a marvelous evening of theater... a distinctive, individual form of dance-theater, using a movement vocabulary that... communicates immediately with gestures sometimes like seductive cabaret performance... ”—gray palmer, stage rawlindsay plake, alexa yeames 










bonjour,
“bounds” and “i want a country” now playing!
we had a wonderful opening weekend and were sold out for our two new shows, “bounds,” and “i want a country.” it was great to see so many of you there for the festivities.the reviews are starting to come in and they are great.
top ten! recommended!
“a surreal journey that serves as a lament for unexpected loss, a skewering of global capitalism, and – perhaps – a metaphor for what awaits the u.s. as it embarks on its potential imperial collapse….director frédérique michel has crafted an absurdist setting and cryptic characters into a sometimes confusing yet compelling narrative that depicts reluctant migrants in a quest for a new home….michel’s crafty, artful staging befits the nature of this lost tribe…. one telling line would be appropriate for any of the characters to utter: “we’re a group of indignant, frustrated people. we’re not a county.” if that is not a suitable definition of a country, i do not know what is.”
— martín hernández, stage raw
“wow! as strikingly stylized as it is unapologetically political….like andrei kureichik’s insulted. belarus, andreas flourakis’s i want a country spotlights city garage’s knack for bringing innovative european theater to american audiences….dynamically staged…thought-provoking and topical, i want a country is well worth an hour of your time.”
— steven stanley, stage scene la
“both of these plays are timely, especially amidst the rising threats of mass deportations of immigrants, unreasonable searches and incarcerations, and increasingly militarized borders. once again, and per their thirty-five year record, city garage theatre has produced plays that speak to the times and encourage people to have empathy and compassion for what it means to arrive in a country that may pummel you into the ground.”
— allie rigby, seefilm la
if you haven’t yet made your reservations, make them now. “bounds” is playing on thursdays and fridays, and “i want a country” on saturdays and sundays. get tickets for both plays and save $10!
“bounds” by tino caspanello
buy tickets for “bounds”
translated by haun saussy
buy tickets for “i want a country”
see both plays, and save $10!
buy tickets for both plays
“bounds” by tino caspanello
translated by haun saussy
february 6 – march 14, 2025; thursdays, fridays 8:00pm
five women are stranded on a beach in an unknown country. they might be displaced persons, refugees, unhoused, undocumented immigrants. what we do know is that they are unwanted. they pass the time by playing games and singing songs, they fantasize about belonging, and they compete. one of them, they know, will be selected. but who will that be? while they wait, bonds are created, ties of affection. “bounds” is a story about us, about the truths we take for granted, and about a society unable to exist without bonds. it is also about “the others,” about those to whom we open our doors—or refuse. it is a story about cages, violence, dreams, a story that reflects our time, a time when we struggle with the rules, obligations, and prejudices that keep us from looking in the eyes of our neighbors.
“i want a country” by andreas flourakis
translated by eleni drivas
february 8 – march 16, 2925; saturdays 8:00pm, sundays 4:00pm
a group of people huddle in the darkness, clutching suitcases and umbrellas. they have lost their country. where did it go? they wander in search of a new one. they complain, argue, debate, talk about what makes a place feel like home. together, they imagine what the country of their dreams would be like: a place where they could find peace, justice, and kindness at last. though written by flourakis about the greek financial crisis of the early 2010s, this haunting and poetic text speaks just as powerfully to our own political moment here in the united states where so many long to replace division and enmity with connection and understanding.
links for tickets:
buy tickets for “bounds”
buy tickets for “i want a country”



we made our match!
thank you again to the many patrons who, through their generosity, helped us match our grants from the county of los angeles and the california arts council.
if you would like to join them in helping us make the work we do possible, it’s not too late. follow this link and donate today
https://citygarage.org/support-us/
merci, and see you at city garage!
[photo_gallery_wp id=”88″]
bounds
[photo_gallery_wp id=”87″]
i want a country
frederique & archie & charles
















menuproductions
tickets
about us
support us!
support us on patreon
city garage classics
buy a passport
email list signup
about frédérique
about charles
board and staff bios
writers workshop
animal farm
publications / licensing
research archive
getting here
privacy policy
 



city garage theater bergamot
t1 space
2525 michigan ave
santa monica, ca 90404
view on map
 310-453-9939


for listings and reviews of other los angeles theaters, check out stage raw.

 

copyright © 2025, city garage theatre/aresis ensemble. all photos by paul rubenstein unless otherwise noted.



















      menu    




home
productions
tickets
about us
writers workshop
support us!
city garage classics












