







canoe & trail adventures


















































 }


















































cart
















0
















        book chimes rental
      

        book cane bayou rental
      

            unplugged adventures 
          

        adventure calendar
      



            outdoor skills camp
          

            the chimes rental details
          

            common questions
          

            contact
          

            gift cards
          


























































































cart
















0











book chimes rentalbook cane bayou rentalunplugged adventures adventure calendar







paddlesports leaders since 1972




outdoor skills campthe chimes rental detailscommon questionscontactgift cards









scroll










































rentals located at the chimes restaurant in covingtonpaddle at your own pace on a scenic sandy-bottom river.solo kayaks | double kayaks | canoes | paddleboards | kids kayaks.discover the picturesque bogue falaya river that runs through covington on this relaxing self-guided adventure.enjoy a beer and some delicious nola food favorites before or after your paddle at the chimes restaurant .




    learn more (chimes)
  




    book a rental (chimes)
  













































rentals located at cane bayou, mandevillepaddle at your own pace on a scenic bayou that connects to lake pontchartrain.  family friendly | abundant wildlife | 3-5 hour durations | detailed map of the area is includedsolo kayaks, double kayaks, & canoes.discover the beautiful and scenic cane bayou at your own leisure. pack an ice chest and bring your binoculars for this immersive bayou experience.expect to see cypress trees with spanish moss, alligators, egrets, herons, songbirds, turtles, snakes, spiders, raptors and more!




    learn more (cane bayou, mandeville)
  




    book a rental (cane bayou, mandeville)
  











unplugged adventuresoutdoor-based lessons and outings |  suitable for all nature enthusiasts  |   knowledgeable and certified leaders  |  most adventures are 2-3 hr  | variety of adventures for all ages!schedule of exciting outdoor adventures designed for nature enthusiasts of all ages. each adventure includes opportunities to learn new skills, meet like-minded individuals, or simply enjoy the great outdoors. age restrictions are noted for each activity to ensure a suitable experience for participants.




     unplugged adventure details
  




    unplugged adventure calendar
  











moonlight & twilight (sunset) paddlesoctober & november 2024 dates |  3ish hour tour  |  canoe & kayaks  enjoy sunset on lake pontchartrain after a leisurely paddle down cane bayou.the sights and sounds of a bayou at night partnered with a magical sunset makes this truly a unique experience.$60 per person  |  bring your own food and beverages. 




    learn more
  




    book a tour
  











full flavor of the bayou  toursmall family business  |  3 hour tour  |  professional guides starting at $79 per adult  |  $59 per childan immersive kayak tour experience through the louisiana wetlands guided by certified louisiana master naturalists.experience the full story of the wetlands by exploring multiple ecosystems on a single tour in a eco-friendly low impact way. paddle through a  vibrant swamp filled with tall cypress trees draped in spanish moss. after enjoying the calm beauty of the bayou, we will move into a lively marsh with wide-open views as we head towards the scenic waters of lake pontchartrain.




    learn more
  




    book a tour
  





















local
we are locally owned and locally operated and we get our supplies from locally owned massey’s outfitters















highly rated
don’t take our word for how great our reviews are- check out our 5 out of 5 star rating on trip advisor and google















easy
we have you covered. we provide all paddling equipment, life-vest plus cases to protect  phones and keys, for no additional fee















nature enthusiast
we appreciate and respect all wildlife! our tours are never staged by feeding the wildlife








 

we offer a memorable experience at an affordable price. for over 45 years our guided tours have helped clients make memories that last a lifetime. now we’re also offering kayak, canoe and paddleboard rentals from the chimes restaurant in covington so you can explore at your own pace. let our professional staff at canoe and trail adventures help plan your next amazing adventure. 




    learn more
  











loved by both residents and visitors since 1972. canoe and trail has offered canoe and kayak swamp tours, educational outings for schools and youth groups, moonlight paddles and twilight paddle tours seasonally, and other wilderness experiences all within a short distance of new orleans, louisiana.  our guides are experienced, passionate, and eco-friendly outdoor enthusiast. canoe and trail is a locally owned family business operated by a father and son team. we are eager to share the beauty of the louisiana swamps and bayous with all adventurers both expert and novice. join us and enjoy a day in the louisiana outdoors canoeing, kayaking, birding or hiking through the swamps, wetlands, and rivers surrounding new orleans. transportation is available on our daily canoe and kayak swamp tours and some twilight paddles. 








what people are saying...






testimonials
















great change of pace from the usual nola activities






"don't get me wrong, i love all that nola offers: great food, refreshing drinks, and music that revives the soul. sometimes, it is nice to get out of the city and get in touch with nature. canoe and trail adventures make this so easy: they picked us up, fed us lunch, dropped us off and provided a great time! i also appreciated that there was a limit to the number of boats they allow. the group was small enough to hear and see everything the beautiful bayou has to offer. our guide, kevin, was incredibly interesting and informative. everyone in our group of four loved this experience."- gaye p

















first hand bayou experience!






"the guides were very friendly and knowledgeable. the pace of the tour was perfect. we saw an alligator, birds, cypress trees and my son held a green tree frog on his finger. the tour guide talked about the local bio life and showed us different species. great tour!"- pamela b

















great experience 






"kevin was a wonder guide who knew the wildlife and the ecosystem of the area and enjoyed spending time on the water. it was a relaxing paddle with plenty of time to enjoy the surroundings. highly recommend. it was hot but no bugs which i was very happy about."- glenda w



















  








certified guides from the louisiana master naturalist program



 









 






rental image



cane bayou rentals image



unplugged adventures



moonlight & twilight overview  - home



kayak tour overview - home



more about canoe and trail



home - about



introduction  - home



testimonials



badges












canoe and trail adventures - from the chimes restaurant
19130 rogers lane,
covington, la, 70433,
united states
5042330686 - text us
info@canoeandtrail.com


hours
mon 10am - 4pm
wed 10am - 4pm
thu 10am - 4pm
fri 9:30am - 5:30pm
sat 9:30am - 5:30pm
sun 9:30am - 5:30pm


 

 questions? text us at  (504) 233-0686













































refund policy - rental launch location - tours options - guided
tours & outings - header
introduction
moonlight & twilight overview
kayak tour overview
unplugged adventures for guided section
cane bayou tour directionsgift cards - blog - waivers


 


    book a rental at the chimes restaurant
  

 


    book a guided tour/outing
  

 



our newsletter 
join our email list and stay up to date with local outdoor news




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!











