



afromerica - some black liberation theology




























close


afro network


follow us

facebook
twitter
youtube


afro staff

cr hamilton - editor
books by cr hamilton

the quiet revolution
contender
macktown novels




contact



rundown



decree



the struggle is not against our fellow man, nor our brothers and sisters...

								the struggle is against the evils of greed, hate, and propaganda. love and unity are more powerful than the oppressors tools and are god-given by nature.
							



gospel videos

gospel videos



 

advertise







 

 






more
   sun february 16 2025








search




search for:














afromerica
some black liberation theology










home
directory

community
diaspora
economics
education
ethics
family
health
justice
life culture
politics
spirituality


sanity media

videos
podcast
radio
streamer
books


the gospel

ministry
doctrine
soul time
courses


archives

last articles
afrolosophy
community
culture
educatiion
entertainment
family
justice
life learning
politics
psychology
religion


signature
block radio












peace from the afromerica staff

based on the blatant takeover of this country by the wealthy and those who seem to believe they are entitled to special treatment and privileged because of their founding ancestry, afromerica is going full gospel.
bringing to light the social and political defects in this country to all people of color over the past 24 years has been a divine mission of our editors, inspired by the most high. the love of money is the root of all evil. we can see that clearly.
but now we all shift into survival mode and our faith and hope do not rest in man's wisdom or his devices and systems, but in god's divine powers and plan. we have seen him work over the past 24 years and are assured that he is judging this country in his wrath with mercy toward the innocent.
if you as a black person or any other color refuse to believe in the most high and his son jesus christ and the salvation he is offering, you are subject to the white jesus, who is their god; a false god and antichrist. man will be your god if you deny the true one. god is real. get your soul right with him.
acts 2:38, 39. "repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of jesus christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the holy ghost. for the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the lord our god shall call."

please join us at our new and final destination at proliberation.com where we battle for liberty and free-will governed by the laws of nature and the creator of humanity. there you will find new messages of social and spiritual liberation and the best of our oldest articles from the archives.
we relocated the afromerica articles under the title of ethno press found here! we also moved the gospel directory to here. join the newsletter, follow us as we grow and change.
at proliberation.com we stand on the side of human, political, religious, and social liberation to break the yokes of delusion, bring down oppressive strongholds, and free people of the lies and misinformation they have been taught by men of wounded egos, low aptitude and a lack of understanding of the basic concepts of humanity.
violence, hate, and greed has no place in a civilized society.
once again, we at afromerica thank you for your support and hope we see you at pro liberation. peace and more power to you.
we can always be contacted at staff@afromerica.com
always stay strong,
cr hamilton




follow us





















news feed

reading rss feed ...afro feed  

ad feed





free ebook



embracing holiness




free accounts



visit the ai studio




 




  



 








sub-domains



angrymoon productions



1 down jazz & neo-soul



nulife daily news & info






resources



foundation gospel of liberation



nu life free-to-learn project



sourcebook: online resources






directory

   archives
   community
   diaspora
   economics
   education
   ethics
   family
   health
   justice
   life culture
   politics
   spirituality





backend
   home
   back office
   hosting
   search
   signature
   support
   privacy
   contact



 


 



connect








 © copyright 2025, all rights reserved. design by angrymoon productions 




subscribe to our newsletter




afro times



join the afro times mailing list to receive updates on current news, commentary, and user-friendly features offered by afromerica and affiliate domains.




take me top

 









 


