

coondawgs.com presents: kennel website design - breeder websites


















































  home |  kennel websites |  supply websites |  faq's | site examples |  contact us
















kennel website design
we offer affordable professional websites








 
            	coondawgs.com in partnership with creative concept solutions is proud to offer affordable kennel website design. here is your chance to have your own kennel website on the internet.
we will ...
          
register your domain name
            design your web site
          
            set up your e-mail 
            upload your web pages to your server space
            submit your site to the search engines
            update your site to keep it fresh and dynamic
            host your website on our dedicated servers.
            


 as a fellow houndsman, i understand how important it is to have your kennel on the internet. that is why we offer affordable kennel sites professionally designed to showcase your kennel. we also offer hunting supply store websites as well. 

we offer 99.9% uptime of your website up and running. that also means the load time for your site we be faster. since your site is placed on our dedicated server, your website will not be placed on a shared hosting server that is overcrowded and over sold and if someone elses site causes problems, your site would be down with a shared host.

since we have our own dedicated server, you do not need to worry if your site will be shut down like with other web design businesses.........you paid for it, why should you have to pay more to keep your site going? 

we can have your kennel website up and running in less than 48 hours as long as we have all the needed info.

feel free to contact the site owners on the sites we have done for them to find out how quick and easy it is to be up and running with your own website. 


 for more information, follow the above links.
 or call us at 615-216-5650 weekdays from 9am to 2pm cst 



we accept all major credit cards
- enter amount in the form below and choose continue.
you will be directed to a secure paypal server to process your
credit card. note, it is not necessary to establish a paypal account in order to make a payment.



































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
























  home | © kennel website design | 615-216-5650









