



welcome to rainbow art glass - rainbow art glass - distributor of art glass and related supplies since 1960

































your basket

view cart or checkout
your basket is empty.





your account
login / register




change language
 deutsch
 dansk
 english (uk)
 español
 française
 עברית (ישראל)
 italiano (it)
 dutch
 русский язык
 türkçe





 












advanced search



cart/checkout




 deutsch
 dansk
 english (uk)
 español
 française
 עברית (ישראל)
 italiano (it)
 dutch
 русский язык
 türkçe



login / register
















please enter a search keyword













shop by category 
















please enter a search keyword



 home


art glass display stands


bevels, clusters, rondels & nuggets


books


bonus items $$savings$$


chemicals & cleaning


dichroic glass


foils, metals, solder, wire, ‎& decorative chain


frits, paints, stringers, noodles, rods, pens


fusing: supplies, kilns, furniture, paper


glass - sheets & cases


grinders & saws


hand tools & cutters


kiln molds


lamp bases, night lights, vase caps & parts


lamps tiffany style & gifts


morton cutting system & design tools


mosaics, mirror, & glass kits


new products


sale products


soldering irons, rheostats, purifiers, accessories & more.....


suction cups, stencils, resist, framing, push points, pens & more.....


value priced products

rag links
need cabinet glass? www.customcabinetglass.com
application for new wholesale customers
click for the hot spot
glass factory links (product guide)





back
























rainbow art glass, inc., located in central new jersey, maintains a 35,000 sqft. warehouse of art glass and related supplies.
      housing over 8,000 items and over 1,500 styles of glass. from huge lights (over 40 square feet each), to the very exclusive dichroic glass lines.
      fusing, tempering, flashed glass applications and architectural are just a few of the kinds of glass we stock. we have everything for all your art,
      designer & architectural glass needs. tempering & laminating - our specialty.
   

rainbow is a full-line, wholesale distributor of art glass and related products including stained glass, hot glass, and architectural glass.
      we specialize in shipping glass and supplies both domestically and internationally. our large in-stock selection, many years of experience,
      and ideal location enables us to serve you efficiently and expeditiously. committed devotion to our customers,
      products and industry growth make us a top choice for all your glass needs. our facilities enable us to ship small or large orders quickly.
      with our large inventories, we are sure to have what your customer needs. inventory consists of over 1500 styles of glass,
      our experienced staff can match the toughest samples. whether it is bevels, supplies, or sheet glass, rainbow is sure to have it,
      and at the right price. we also stock educational books as well as patterns and kilns of all sizes for all hot glass needs.
      in addition, we carry a large inventory of tools for all glass working.
   



 top




information


workshop schedules
contact us





©2016 rainbow art glass - all rights reserved.













©2016 rainbow art glass - all rights reserved.













ecommerce by cubecart | design and development by shoresite web designs llc





