





art of the groove – art of the groove
































































skip to content



menu



art of the groove


home
blog
projects

excursions in time
disconnected (ep)
interconnected
i saw the milky way
secondarycell
various variations
the piano themes
treehouse
element 115
poleshift
i inside v2
i inside v1
transmuters – second album
transmuters – real world
uxb
skyler
lyciris v2
lyciris v1
fight for freedom (single)


studio
video
about
 






art of the groove
























home 

the official site of all musical projects from john trevethan

recent posts 










wave first test 

 
february 7, 2025
 

my wave recently arrived here in nashville, two days after it was shipped from andertons in london. (dhl rocks!) i pre-ordered it on december 10th and have been eagerly awaiting its arrival. many years ago i owned a complete ppg system with wave 2.2 & 2.3, evu, prk and waveterm a. i’m very familiar with...


						read more 














new track in progress 

 
october 12, 2024
 

working on a new track – the first experiment integrating the modular synth with logic pro. i added a guitar to my collection last week; a 1987 fender strat (boxer series). i’ve been wanting to replace the original strat that i owned in 1982 and sold long ago. i’m thinking of using the strat on...


						read more 














abandoner remix 

 
november 11, 2023
 

this is a remix project that i made a while ago and decided to add visuals now for submitting the track to youtube. in late 2008 porcupine tree founder steven wilson announced a remix competition for the song “abandoner”, from his debut solo release – insurgentes. i was pleased to find that my remix was...


						read more 














abbey road studio 

 
may 31, 2023
 

here is my abbey road shot, unfortunately i’m not in it because i was by myself. however, i did have an amazing top-to-bottom tour of the entire studio, compliments of a producer friend who set it up for me after working there a few weeks earlier. i visited in october 1989 while attending a training...


						read more 
































 







 










privacy policy

			©2025 art of the groove			

privacy policy
			 | powered by wordpress and superb themes!


















