





















minneapolis community & technical college






























          skip to main navigation
        

          skip to main content
        













secondary


equity


about


alumni & friends


askus


students


request info








keyword(s)
















admissionsapplycourse placementlet's register!student checklistscholarshipsstart college earlyvisit minneapolis collegealumni and friendsequityacademicsprograms a-zprograms by careercourse areas a-zacademic calendars8-week coursescollege catalogonline programsshort-term programssummer sessioncredit for prior learningstart college earlywhat's your goal?transfer student servicescost & aidcontact financial aiddue dates and payment policyfinancial aidgetting your aidgrantshow to read your award notificationloansmaking your paymentscholarshipstracking your applicationstudent lifecampus recreation and wellnessevents, news and morehelland centerleadership programsmentor programsstudent activities, clubs and organizationstheater and musiccontinuing educationcertificate programscertifications & test preparationcustomized training & workforce developmentemployment resourcesfrequently asked questionsonline learningcontact usstudent servicesacademic advisingacademic success centeraccessibility resource centercampus cardcareer servicescollege storedining, coffee, vendinglibraryoffice of student rights & responsibilitiesonline learningpublic safetyregistration and recordsstudent health clinicsupport servicestechnology supporttransfer student servicesabout uswhy minneapolis college?leadershipaccreditationcampus fast factscommunity impactdevelop your employeesdisclosuresfacilitieshire our studentshours of operationhuman resourceslegislative updatesmapsminneapolis college bid documentsmission, vision, values & strategic planour brandpartner with uspoliciesservice quality





































apply and register for summer



apply 
register  




















north star promise scholarship



tuition-free degree  




















learn from industry experts



discover academics  

























take a virtual tour



discover our campus  













widgets







apply online
request info
visit campus











affordable. flexible. attainable.
minneapolis college is a public two-year community and technical college adjacent to loring park along the arts corridor in downtown minneapolis. we offer affordable pathways to high-quality degrees, diplomas, certificates, and more. discover an education designed to take you to the places you want to go in life.
 









 

















we thrive women in the trades 










open your heart to the hungry and homeless










student kaamil hassan awarded boma scholarship










investing in the workforce of tomorrow










workforce programs drive key sectors of state’s economy










honoring dr. king and inspiring continued action










partnering to support single-parent students










your journey is only yours










we get by with a little help from our friends










trec student retention fund










stem funding to enhance undergraduate research 










student parent support initiative grant


















news and stories  college calendar 




 











meet #mplscollege 

 









facebooklinkedintwitteryoutubeinstagramflickr 









 









 remote video url












explore our schools
at minneapolis college you have endless opportunities to discover what inspires you.

all programs, a-z












design and the arts
school of design and the arts events do you have the desire to learn and work in a creative and innovative environment? the school of design and the arts will help you apply your artistic concepts in a variety of industries such as fashion, theater, architecture and the…
learn more about design and the arts











information technology
do you love exploring the features and applications on smart phones and computers? maybe you have already done some coding? are you curious about the hardware that makes computers and networks function? do you want to catch hackers or understand how that recent data breach…
learn more about information technology











trade technologies
do you naturally question how things work? would you like to learn how to do “hands on” work that produces a product or solves a problem? as a skilled tradesperson, you’ll use the knowledge, skills and experience required by a specific trade coupled with the latest technologies…
learn more about trade technologies











science and mathematics

	are you fascinated by the natural world?
	do you love asking questions about what makes things work?
	are you a person who likes making decisions based on observing and analyzing?


if so, the school of science and mathematics is for you.
learn more about science and mathematics











nursing, health sciences and wellness
do you enjoy caring for or helping others? the programs in the school of nursing, health sciences and wellness will teach you real-world skills so you can positively impact your neighborhood, your state, your nation or the whole world. these pathways support your desire to serve…
learn more about nursing, health sciences and wellness











education and public & human service
the school of education and public & human service offers a range of degree and certificate programs that will prepare you to work in a variety of occupations aimed for education and public service.
learn more about education and public & human service











liberal arts and cultures
are you fascinated by the whole range of human experience? do you want to grapple with cultural, social, historical, philosophical and political ideas? do you want to study systems of meaning, language, cultures and ideas? 
learn more about liberal arts and cultures











business and economics
do you have a drive to contribute to your community in a job that promotes a thriving, inclusive and sustainable economy? the school of business and economics provides your pathway to work as a business manager, accountant, economist or in a number of other professional…
learn more about business and economics















launch experience 
 





















footer


information for


current students


alumni


transfer


veterans


employees (links)




take action


contact us


employment


donate


request information


visit campus




quick links


academic calendar


accessibility


campus card portal


college catalog


college store


course schedules


d2l brightspace


employee directory


eservices


library


starid


title ix





additional languages

additional languages






1501 hennepin avenue,
minneapolis, mn 55403
612-659-6000
contact
maps, hours & parking
 



connect with minneapolis collegefacebooklinkedintwitteryoutubeinstagramflickr 









minneapolis college
a member of minnesota state

privacy
nondiscrimination


 



















