









	tft, oled, lcd display manufacturer | all shore


































main menu


   

    




  quote cart



your shopping cart is empty.







product
qty
amount











from:



until:























sub total:





points:






edit cart
request my quote










untitled document








      



displays



tft displays


oled displays


lcd glass panels


character displays


graphic displays





power supplies



wall plug-ins


desktop


open frame





contract mfg



electronics assembly


mechanical & electro-mechanical assembly


keypads & membrane switches





about


careers


blog


contact




           




displaystft displaysoled displayslcd glass panelscharacter displaysgraphic displayspower supplieswall plug-insdesktopopen framecontract mfgelectronics assemblymechanical & electro-mechanical assemblykeypads & membrane switchesaboutcareersblogcontact





  







displaystftfull color touch panels multiple interfacesoledwhite, blue, yellow, green, full colorlcdglasspanelstrue black segmentscharacter displaysselect the correct technology: tn, htn, stn fstngraphic displaysselect the correct technology: tn, htn, stn fstn

contract manufacturingall shore industries, a leader in the electronics manufacturing services industry, provides world class asian manufacturing teamed with us engineering. our team can provide full product development, supplement the oem's in-house engineering capabilities, or work from your completed design. our flexibility and experience ensures the highest quality product at a price that can compete with the world. manufacturing takes place at our modern, highly automated facilities in asia.electronics assemblymechanical & electro-mechanical assemblykeypads & membrane switches
lcd, tft, oled display manufacturer standard & customin 1974, all shore industries (asi), originally cynex manufacturing, started domestic contract manufacturing for telecom products, power supplies and motor controllers. in a 1981 ipo, the company was renamed planum technology. in 1988 all shore industries, purchased planum technology and incorporated it as a privately held company, focusing on offshore contract manufacturing. in the early 1990s, all shore expanded to include ac adaptors and lcd glass panels and modules. shortly thereafter, tft modules, oled and touch panels, both capacitive (ctp) and resistive (rtp), were included as well. today, all shore industries (asi) is a leader in various electronics design and manufacturing as well as lcd, tft, and oled display manufacturing. all shore (asi) provides world class asian manufacturing with us engineering. our team can provide full lcd, tft, and oled development; supplement the oem's in-house engineering capabilities, or work from your completed design. our flexibility and experience ensure the highest quality product at a competitive price. manufacturing takes place at our modern, highly automated facilities in asia. we have thousands of products available to be shipped from our warehouses in new york and asia, to support rapid product development. our products include tft color displays, oled (w, b, y, g, full), monochrome character and graphic displays; tn, htn, stn, fstn, lcd glass panels and cob, cog lcd displays.

power supplies wall plug-ins, desktop, and open frame power supplies all shore industries has been supplying a broad range of standard and custom wall plug-in and desktop power supplies and battery chargers at its modern iso certified facilities in taiwan and china for over forty years. our mix of switching power supplies including wall plug-ins (aka "wall warts"), desktop and open frame are available in various wattages and voltages. all are offered with inputs for american, european, and other international standards, and a variety of standard input and output plugs as well as customized output plugs, when requested. each item has the appropriate certification(s) for the countries they are approved for use in. these power supplies are used on a variety of applications including medical, laptop and cell phone battery chargers and adapters, as well as a variety of battery chargers and adapters for consumer products. all shore offers private labeling of the power supplies with our customer’s brand name. our goal is to build long lasting mutual business relationships by helping our customers and providing them the proper power supply that meets and exceeds their spec requirements open frame power supplieswall plug-in power suppliesdesktop power supplies

contract manufacturing lcd & tft displays for all high-tech industries:home control displayscockpit avionics displayspersonal electronics displayspersonal electronics displaysgames displaysautomotive displaysspecialty instruments displaysdrones & helicopters displaysmedical displaysmarine displayscommunication displaysindustrial control displays
the ideal lcd & tft manufacturing partnerallshore is the ideal 'silent' partner, because we offer the best of both worlds. by maintaining state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in the far east and engineering in the u.s., we are able to offer our customers a fast and efficient process from product development to production.superior qualityall shore applies all this attention to detail, full-service capability, and adherence to iso standards to all its major product lines – electronic assembly, lcds and power supplies.
experienced engineering teamour team can fulfill any need – including software, hardware, industrial design and manufacturing engineering – from prototype through final production.
state-of-the-art facilitiesmanufacturing is done at our iso certified facilities located in china and taiwan. engineering, program management, and all customer interface takes place from our ny headquarters.
personalized supportall shore provides outstanding service – both domestically and overseas. outsourcing has never been easier or more productive. partnering with all shore industries means growing your bottom line.

looking for the right display manufacturer partner? we are the team you need!clients
projects
praise
have an idea?
tell us what you need
start a project













                                                                         


   



we are located in staten island, new york, usa
we are proud to be the premier lcd, tft and oled display provider in the usa.


   the company

about us
contract manufacturing
electronics assembly
mechanical & electro-mechanical assembly
careers
contact us
 displays

standard tft modules
standard lcd graphic modules
standard oled modules
standard lcd character modules
lcd glass panels

power supplies

wall plug-ins
desktop
open frame
 address
1 edgewater street
staten island, ny 10305

phone
office: (718) 720-0018
toll free: 1-800-959-0548
fax: (718) 720-0225

email
sales@allshore.com
linkedin


    copyright 2025 by all shore industries, inc. 
|privacy statement|terms of usepowered by quicksocial   





































 












