








rlep home page - rappahannock league for environmental protection





























































about rlep

a sense of values
rlep priorities
board of directors
a short history


programs

conservation land management
education

scholarships
school & community programs


nature programs
government & policies
saving dark skies
water quality monitoring
vdot adopt-a-highway


events

adopt a highway
dark skies
stroll for the soul
sperryville trail


resources
volunteer
donate





menu


menu

 






previousnext1234conserving the natural resources and rural character of rappahannock countycelebrating 50 years!

previousnext1234conserving the natural resources and rural character of rappahannock countycelebrating 50 years!

watch rlep’s new feature video – celebrating 50 years 


short clip | full version




about rlep

staffed by volunteers and open to all, rlep is a local, non-profit, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) corporation.

about rlep
rlep programs

rlep sponsors and supports a wide range of educational programs and activities within rappahannock county.

rlep programs
join rlep

your membership strengthens the impact rlep has on local environmental issues that matter to you.

join rlep now


greetings, friends of rlep!
2024 has been another growth year for rlep! our focus has turned to several new initiatives while continuing our ongoing rlep programs.

county zoning – regional demand for housing, data centers, and energy infrastructure is putting pressure on rappahannock county to handle growth without sacrificing the rural character and extraordinary beauty of our surroundings. this year and next, rappahannock county government plans to update and revise our zoning ordinance for compliance with virginia code and supreme court precedents. rlep’s newly created zoning committee will closely monitor and report deviations from longstanding zoning practices and will advocate for stricter adherence to the county’s comprehensive plan. we retained expert legal counsel through the highly recommended firm of whiteford, taylor & preston, llp to assist on major zoning issues.you can help in a variety of ways by participating in planning commission and board of supervisor meetings, advocating for stricter compliance with county ordinances and the comprehensive plan, and financially supporting rlep’s efforts to update and improve rappahannock county zoning and adherence to the county’s comprehensive plan.
conservation land management – rlep encourages large and small property owners to adopt conservation land management practices in rappahannock county. these include protecting and enhancing biodiversity, introducing and nurturing native plants, reducing the impact of non-native invasive species and preserving and improving water quality and soil health.
water quality monitoring – in january 2023, rappahannock friends and lovers of our watershed (rappflow) combined its operations with rlep, creating a broader community effort to address the county’s environmental challenges. the consolidation led to the establishment of an rlep watershed committee that assures continuation of rappflow’s stream water quality monitoring initiative.
education programs/events – rappflow education programs, including watershed day, earth day school presentations, support for the county outdoor learning spaces, and school environmental enrichment programs continue under rlep’s education committee. funds transferred from rappflow to rlep as part of the consolidation agreement support these projects.in 2024, the rappahannock trails coalition (rapptrails) merged into relp. rapptrails funds, now allocated by rlep, go toward community education and events, school-based activities, guided hikes and funding for building and maintaining publicly accessible trails.

thank you for your ongoing support!  please remember rlep in your annual giving — and consider volunteering to help grow our programs.
you can help conserve the nature of rappahannock!
all the best,
-rick kohler
rlep president




rlep depends on volunteers to help us carry out our mission.
volunteer your time on a project of your choosing.
you can make a difference, learn new skills, meet new people and have fun!


let us know if you have program ideas or if you are interested in helping with one of our current programs.
contact rlep

   

become a member

join rlep now
contact info

info@rlep.org

		po box 94	
		washington, va 22747
	
 







© copyright - rappahannock league for environmental protection 







scroll to top






﻿


			×			





﻿


			×			





we’d love to hear from you!
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or message *send message 


			×			





subscribe to the rlep newsletter



			×			































