


homes for rent, houses for rent, rental houses, rental homes, louisville, ky, property manager, property management, 502-896-2595

















































 

homesfaqs
residents
city info

louisville info & attractions
schools
metro louisville fair housing ordinance


buy my house
reviews!
property management
contact

terms of service and privacy policy
raving reviews


jobs

maintenance job application


our company

sms privacy policy
sms terms & condition


 








homes for rent and apartments for rent        



 








vista’s office location!
2821 s. hurstbourne pkwy



9am-4:30pm
2821 s. hurstbourne pkwy
louisville, ky 40220

between
cattleman’s & stock yards bank




 



2821, south hurstbourne parkway, louisville, jeffersontown, jefferson county, kentucky, 40220




february 14, 2025




 



 


 
 
 



 


homes for rent and apartments for rent





all homes are offered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, familial status, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, lawful source of income, conviction history or arrest history, prior military service or homeless status.
the materials appearing on our website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. our website does not warrant any of the materials on this web site are accurate, complete, or current. we may make changes to the materials contained on this web site at any time without notice. we do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

 

 
homes for rent,louisville,ky, houses for rent, louisvilleky,rental houses,kentucky,rental homes quick,louisville,ky,rent with option to buy,ky rent to own houses, rent to own homes,jefferson county, kentucky, lease option, apartments for rent, jefferson county clerk,easy credit counseling, services, homeowner help,louisville ky, homes ready to rent, louisville, ky, houses ready to rent, louisville, kentucky, rental houses, houses for rent, homes for rent louisville ky, houses for rent with option to buy, rental homes louisville ky, lease option houses louisville ky, homes with lease option louisville, houses with leases option louisville, 3 bedroom houses for rent louisville, 2 bedroom houses for rent, 4 bedroom homes for rent, 1 bedroom homes for rent, 2 bedroom apartments for rent, vista properties, vista service group, tenant finder service, rental houses okolona, rental houses west end, rental houses prp, rental houses st. matthews, rental houses fern creek, rental houses lyndon, rental houses hurstbourne, highview, preston, valley station, south louisville, taylor blvd., germantown, maryville, rangeland, westport, middletown, highlands, plainview, old louisville, central, west, east, audubon park, houses for rent shively, homes for rent pleasure ridge, rental houses prp, homes for rent valley station, houses for rent okolona, property manager louisville, best asset manager louisville, homes for rent fern creek, homes for rent taylor blvd., homes for rent lyndon, homes for rent highview,
 
 
 




 






 






can't find what you want?
click to tell us what you want
 







terms & privacy links sms privacy policy
sms terms condition
terms of service and privacy policy

 
sms privacy policy
sms terms condition
terms of service and privacy policy

copyright since 2002 homes for rent, houses for rent, rental houses, rental homes, louisville, ky, property manager, property management, 502-896-2595 vista properties, inc. vista realtors * 2821 s. hurstbourne pkwy ste 1 * louisville, ky 40220 * 502.896.2595 * www.vistaky.com * buy my house, cash, louisville, ky, buy my home fast, louisville ky, sell my house fast, kentucky, buy my home quick, louisville,ky, sell my home for cash, jefferson county, kentucky, jefferson county clerk, filing for, home values ,whats my property worth, bullitt county, oldham county, mls search, mls, listings, for sale, for rent. back to top

 




		copyright ©

homes for rent, houses for rent, rental houses, rental homes, louisville, ky, property manager, property management, 502-896-2595 vista properties, inc. vista realtors * 502.896.2595 * www.vistaky.com


homes for rent louisville (502) 896-2595, houses for rent louisville, rental houses louisville, rental homes louisville, property management louisville

 buy my house, cash, louisville, ky, buy my home fast, louisvilleky, sell my house fast, kentucky, buy my home quick, louisville,ky, sell my home for cash, jefferson county, kentucky,jefferson county clerk, filing for, home values ,whats my property worth, bullitt county, oldham county, mls search, mls, listings, for sale, for rent. back to top





homes for rent louisville (502) 896-2595, houses for rent louisville, rental houses louisville, rental homes louisville













privacy policy and terms of service



privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management







consent management


privacy policy and terms of service

general terms and conditions applicable to use of a web site.

privacy policy
your privacy is very important to us. accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. the following outlines our privacy policy.

before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.  we may contact you using the information you provide to promote services related to real estate.
we will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
we will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
we will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
we will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
we will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
we are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

web site terms and conditions of use
1. terms
by accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site terms and conditions of use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. if you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. the materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

2. use license
permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on vista properties, inc., vista realtors, vista service group, and vistaky websites, hereinafter referred to as the company for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. this is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the company’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
this license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by the company at any time. upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. disclaimer
the materials on the company’s websites are provided “as is”. the company makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. further, the company does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. limitations
in no event shall the company or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the company’s websites, even if a company’s authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. revisions and errata
the materials appearing on the company’s websites could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. the company does not warrant any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. the company may make changes to the materials contained on its web sites at any time without notice. the company does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

6. links
the company has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the company’s websites. use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.

7. site terms of use modifications
the company may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. by using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms and conditions of use.

8. governing law
any claim relating to the company’s websites shall be governed by the laws of the state of kentucky without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


privacy policy



on
off



you read and agreed to our privacy policy.

























ok



tweetbuffer 














