




las casitas akumal





























las casitas akumal
since 1973
18 privately owned beach front houses, each with its own essence, located in the heart of the mayan riviera, facing the ocean with the security and tranquility that you will only find in akumal.



get started




 akumal 

    


home 

rooms 

original casitas
two-story casitas


rates 
deals 
reservations

activities 

in the water
on land
dining
ecotourism



contact 
gallery 
map 
live 
 
 

 language

esp 
fr 












las casitas akumal has to offer...
the best place to stay in akumal. your own two-bedroom, two-bath villa with living room, dining room, completely furnished kitchen, private patio and daily houskeeping services. right on our white, soft sand beach whose calm water and miles of coral make swimming, diving, and snorkeling with the turtles (plus rays and many colorful fish) the best in mexico. in fact, akumal beach was voted one of the three best beaches in all mexico in trip advisor's traveler's choice voting. our location makes las casitas very safe. a newly built and very high wall surrounding the huge property, plus a closed door electronically opened together, makes las casitas even more secure and safe. our new pool is considered the best, most beautiful in the entire riviera maya. with a shallow water section for children, water jets, waterfall, 25-meter length, lights, and areas for lounging, the pool has something wonderful for everyone. the casitas have the best location in all akumal, facing west for sunsets every night. plus we have the only tennis court in akumal, the only yoga studio, and a room for massage therapy. that along with great restaurants in walking distance makes las casitas the best value from cancun to tulum.


 




original casitas
two bedrooms & two bathrooms













 




two – story  casitas
two bedrooms & two and a half bathrooms






















akumal, the place where you have to be











activities
akumal has everything in one place, beautiful views from the casitas terraces, swimming in our large and beautiful pool, and eating at the restaurants that are just a few minutes walk away. ecotourism activities include the protection of turtles, their nests and hatchlings.





 




your casita







 




private oceanfront patios







 




activities at sea







 




on land activities







 




dining







 




ecotourism















brochure
eng | esp








book now







full name



email



phone number



country



city



type of room


casitas originales
casitas de 2 pisos





arrival date

to
departure date




adults


1
2
3




children


0
1
2









any additional comment?














reviews






paradise!!!
the place is very nice, if you go from cancun you can rent a car, the road takes you by guiding you through the signs. the houses are surrounding the ocean, something important the beach is not private, visitors can enter, the sea is ideal for snorkeling, there are fish and if you swim about 50 meters you have the chance to see some turtles!




beautiful place
the hotel is beautiful, the service excellent, the view, one of the most beautiful beaches in the world, i loved that place, only that at night there is nothing, everything closes very early. 100% recommendable. the houses have everything you need, apart from the decoration is perfect, the houses are very good, they have a small beach where a few meters away you can see all kinds of marine animals, such as manta ray turtles and countless fish.




the best beach in mexico
we returned to mexico again. we searched many places and couldn't find a better place to stay than las casitas in akumal, mexico. we have been there before and we are happy to have returned. we think this will be our winter break each january. the beach is very noble for children and there are not many people. it is amazing to snorkel while 20 green turtles live in akumal bay. the bay is protected by a reef, so there are no big waves. if you stay there you will agree with us.




stole my heart!
thank you las casitas for an amazing vacation! las casitas was the perfect place to relax and enjoy my family. the beach was stunning and perfect for swimming and snorkeling. the casita was very clean and spacious; the photos don't do it justice! a huge shout out, also to the staff. they were courteous, funny and very helpful. i can't wait to return to this beautiful place!




little paradise
we rented two casitas for the family reunion and had a great time. we visited akumal several times, but las casitas is a really special place to stay. beautiful casitas, ideally located. i hope to return











travellers' choice since 2013











contact us
send us an email and we will contact you shortly to clarify any questions and confirm the availability of your casita akumal.




77776 akumal, q.r.




us/canada: 1-816-506-9406 

                
            mx/mundo : 00 (52) 984-875-9071




lascasitasakumal@aol.com
frontdesk@lascasitasakumal.com
 manager@lascasitasakumal.com





follow us








© 2025 las casitas akumal. all rights reserved


























