


nitrous oxide systems | nitrous kits and systems | nitrous oxide uk dealer











 





























 
 
 


 
items
0


 
total 

		£0.00        
        

















 


product range 


nitrous oxide systems 


exhaust flamers 


fake dump valve simulator


driving experiences 


air induction kits 


electric superchargers 


alloy wheels


performance exhausts 


universal back boxes  


universal tailpipes 


site navigation


shopping basket 


checkout


street racing 


blog


sitemap


genral nitrous oxide info 


advantages of nitrous


nitrous components 


fast laughs


history of nitrous 


nitrogen gas


nitrous at the dentists


nitrous description


nitrous in a nutshell


wet and dry nitrous


what is torque


nitrous oxide


horsepower


hp and torque explained


nitrous cam shaft


nitrous head mods


nitrous sources


nitrous misunderstood


nitrous timeline


nitrous uses


torque versus power


what is horsepower


power and torque


resources


turbo charging 


super charging 


camshafts


k&n air filter


spark plugs


exhaust knowledge


fitting spark plugs 


brake systems 


changing oil 


changing a battery 


bleeding brakes 


changing shock absorbers


 



 






































 




welcome to akamoto nitrous systems 
                      we are the providers of   nitrous oxide kits for cars and bikes. akamoto's main product of interest is our   superior nitrous oxide systems, which can not be rivalled in either styling or   quality in this country. we have spent much time researching to develop our   nitrous oxide systems to their current standard to ensure our clients that they   will always get a more than satisfactory result and we always aim to exceed your   expectations with amazing power increases from our nitrous kits. during our   research we have found that a nitrous oxide system not only needs to be a top   performance modification but it also needs to look the part under the bonnet and   in your boot, and akamoto nitrous systems are confident you will agree that our   nitrous kits designs and performance are the best. if you are looking for a   large and reliable power increase then akamoto nitrous systems will be the   perfect solution for your car or bike tuning project.                    
how does nitrous make power ?
                      akamoto nitrous oxide   systems additional gains for your car or bike by injecting a measured amount of   nitrous oxide into the engines combustion chambers. we can add nitrous oxide   either by the cars air intake or by the branch manifold (direct port). nitrous   oxide is sprayed into the engine with a additional supply of fuel either by a   additional nozzle supplied with the nitrous systems or by the cars current fuel   injectors. when we want to create more power we need to burn more fuel, to burn   more fuel we need more oxygen. nitrous oxide is 2 parts oxygen which allows us   to burn all this extra fuel for the more power. nitrous oxide is also made up of   1 part nitrogen. this helps maintain safe temperature levels when combusting all   of this extra fuel and air and is the reason we do not inject raw oxygen by   itself.

how do nitrous oxide kits work ?
                      starting at   the boot we have a bottle of nitrous oxide mounted in here on a bracket that   holds the bottle at a angle of where the nitrous will be able to be used most   efficiently ensuring all the nitrous oxide gets used and there is no waste. from   here we have a aircraft quality stainless steel braided hose running from the   bottle to the cars engine bay where it connect to a nitrous solenoid valve. the   valve is electronically operated and wired to a micro switch placed on the   throttle lever and a activation switch mounted on the dashboard. when the system   is activated by the driver and the foot is pressed to the floor the nitrous   oxide solenoid will open the valve and allow a spray of nitrous oxide to enter   the cars engine. the cars engine must also be provided extra fuel to burn to   create the extra power. this is usally injected along side the nitrous oxide   using the same method but with a fuel solenoid that is fed from the cars current   fuel supply line. this type of system is called a “wet” system because we   spraying extra fuel along with the nitrous oxide. a “dry” system does not use a   fuel solenoid as extra fuel is added via the cars own injectors.
the amount of power you can gained from nitrous oxide is unlimited, gains   from 10 upto 250 bhp can be obtained from one of our single basic systems and   can be upgraded to exeed this power time and time again. to adjust the power of   our nitrous oxide system all we need to do is change the jets located in the   solenoids. this is a very simple task and very inexpensive.







©   copyright 2001 - 2009 akamoto.co.uk all rights reserved - website design and maintenance by dualmedia.co.uk a web design and search engine marketing  company:







 




