






welcome to angleterre hotel | angleterre hotel





































                cookie settings
            

                this website uses cookies. cookies are temporary files on your pc, mobile phone or tablet which make the website more efficient both for you and for us. it gives us insight into the use of the website and makes it more user-friendly. in addition, we and third parties can show you relevant advertising and share information via social media.


                further information about the use of cookies and data processing can be found under our cookie- and privacy-policy .
            





you can choose and accept your cookie settings below:






functional cookies for a well-functioning website
                        




analytical cookies for a user-friendly website
                        




advertising cookies to display relevant advertising
                        




social media cookies for sharing website content
                        




                        accept
                    




















book now









                                            rooms & suites
                                            



executive room


superior deluxe


studio room


deluxe balcony room


junior suite


deluxe suite




restaurants


meetings & events


st. petersburg


about us




book now






english


pусский



















book now


























1 adult
2 adults
3 adults









children
1 child
2 children
3 children












book now


































                    our advantages
                








                            located in the very center of st. petersburg, right on st. isaac's square
                        








                            fitness center, sauna and swimming pool
                        










                            breakfast buffet with a wide range of dishes
                        








                            24 hour room service
                        








                            own box at the mikhailovsky theater
                        












welcome to angleterre hotelangleterre is one of the first hotels in st petersburg, located in the very heart of the city, on st isaac's square, within walking distance from the main attractions of the northern capital. it is a short walk away from the hermitage and palace square, the bronze horseman, and mariinsky theatre – as well as contemporary department stores like dlt and au pont rouge. 






























rooms & suites192 rooms designed in the modern classic style by olga polizzi, director of design of rocco forte hotels. natural materials, light colours, bright accents and a magnificent view from the window create a cozy and truly homely atmosphere. majority of the rooms boasts wide window seats covered by soft mats – an ideal spot for a dreamy afternoon with a book or a cup of tea, when it is so decadent to spent hours watching busy life of historic city center from the comfort of your room. 

rooms overview






our restaurants










rotonda lounge










astoria restaurant













health & fitness











st. petersburg










about us











angleterre hotelst isaac's squareul. malaya morskaya 24st petersburg 190000russia tel +7 812 494 5666fax +7 812 494 5125email reservations.spb@roccofortehotels.ru 









contact            


angleterre hotel                                

st. isaac's square                                

ul. malaya morskaya 24                                

st petersburg                                

190000 - russia                                


                                    t +7 812 494 5666
                                



                                    reservations.spb@roccofortehotels.ru
                                





more info            



                                    privacy policy
                                



                                    copyright
                                



                                    about us
                                






                © angleterre hotel 2025. all rights reserved.

























