

jonathan ackerman law













































nationally recognized legal counsel


assisting nonprofit organizations with the legal aspects of
           their creation, qualification, governance and operation,
enhancing the fundraising efforts of charitable organizations,   and assisting charities in accepting gifts of sophisticated   assets or through sophisticated gift planning vehicles,
structuring and implementing charitable gift plans on behalf
           of donors and their families,
assisting families in structuring their estate plans for federal
           and state tax and non-tax purposes, including the creation
           of wills, trusts, economic powers of attorney and
           heath care directives,
assisting families in dealing with the estate administration
           process when a family member has passed, and
assisting business owners in the creation, governance, and
           succession planning of their businesses, and in the sale
           or purchase of assets, stock or other interests in their
           businesses.

		jonathan was inducted into the professional advisor recognition society of the baltimore community foundation, may, 2023
            

jonathan ackerman was recognized by bestlawyers® as a lawyer of the year in 2021, and the law office of jonathan ackerman, llc was again recognized in 2024 by u.s. news and world report and bestlawyers® as a best law firm in maryland.


        the law office of jonathan ackerman, llc has created a youtube channel, which will initially feature video vignettes on topics of interest to nonprofit organizations, and will be releasing these videos through its firm newsletter.









sign up for our email newsletter







 









copyright
law office of jonathan ackerman, llc, copyright 2024.
all materials on this web site are the property of law office of jonathan ackerman, llc. all rights reserved.
disclaimers and legal notices
the materials on this website are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute legal or tax advice on any matter. law office of jonathan ackerman, llc assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or timeliness of any information provided herein. the reader should not under any circumstances rely on, or act on the basis of, the materials on this website. these materials and information are not a substitute for obtaining legal advice from the reader's own lawyer in the appropriate jurisdiction or state.

nothing on this website is intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax penalties, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any tax-related transaction or matters addressed herein.
browsing this website or contacting us through it does not create an attorney-client relationship. while law office of jonathan ackerman, llc would like to hear from you, we cannot represent you, or receive any confidential information from you, until we know that any proposed representation would be appropriate and acceptable, and would not create any conflict of interest. accordingly, the reader should not use any of the supplied e-mail interfaces to send us any confidential information. law office of jonathan ackerman, llc thanks you for browsing our website, but we need to be careful not to create any attorney-client relationship or receive any confidential information through this website.
by continuing on to our website you are deemed to have agreed to these terms and conditions.

charity, charitable, attorney, lawyer, law, tax, planned giving, nonprofit, tax-exempt, exempt, organization, solicitation, gift, plan, planning, fundraising, family foundation, private foundation, public charity, supporting organization, gift planning, donor, legal, internal revenue service, irs, internal revenue code, private letter ruling, crt, clt, charitable remainder trust, charitable lead trust, gift annuity, bargain sale, ncpg, national committee on planned giving, maryland, district of columbia, pooled income fund, family-owned business, partnership for philanthropic planning





