



 



phoenix talent agency 

















































 



call us:  (321) 441-9139

 



 
 
 


— main menu —home
artist roster
booking agents
booking information
contact us
 


home
artist roster
booking agents
booking information
contact us











 
 


 

glenn miller orchestrathe most popular and sought after big band in the world todaytommy dorsey orchestraenjoy a timeless musical experiencelet's hang on!america's #1 frankie valli tribute showthe four freshmenlegendary vocal group with a unique harmonythe kingston triothrough changing times, the trio has played on, remaining popular for a simple reason... great songs that sound as good today as the first time you heard them the phoenix talent agency
formed in 1988 to provide quality service for its buyers, the phoenix talent agency remains the leader in arranging big band music for all events throughout the world.  headlining our list are the always popular internationally known orchestras of glenn miller, tommy dorsey, count basie, jimmy dorsey, harry james, duke ellington, artie shaw, cab calloway, and guy lombardo’s royal canadians.  but more than just a big band agency, the phoenix talent agency with its special artist relationships, can furnish vocal groups from the ‘40’s, ‘50’s, and ‘60’s, acts that pay tribute to frankie valli, barbra streisand, kiss, hank williams, and elvis presley, and a variety of other groups and acts to fit your musical and entertainment needs.  check out our full artist roster for more information.
because we are a commissioned agency for many of the acts we represent, the fee we quote covers both the artist fee and our fee.
please feel free to contact us regarding any of the artists we represent for availability, requirements, and pricing. we look forward to assisting you in planning your next concert, dance, or special engagement.
testimonialswe are sold out for the four freshmen and simply streisand…record-breaking 10 days for freshmen and 8 days for 'streisand'. the kingston trio is our fastest selling performance ever on the spotlight (weekend) series. john england is selling quite well…807 sold out of a possible 840/850. i predict that john and crew will sell out as well. thanks for contributing to the success of these performances!"denise m.adducci - performing arts coordinator, lincoln-way district 210, frankfort, ilthank you and the glenn miller orchestra so much for a wonderful experience at our venue! what a superb show and a lovely day with all of you. i look forward to talking to you again and having the orchestra back to metropolis!"robin hughes - metropolis performing arts center, arlington heights, ilwhile he wore cab's mantle of jive with ease, brooks' voice, patter and musicality were all his own. concertgoers seemed eager to holler 'hi-de-ho' saturday night ...while being thoroughly entertained by calloway's grandson and current bandleader c. calloway brooks. 'minnie the moocher,' the calloway number everyone had been waiting for, rocked the house with 'hi-de-hi's,'  'ho-de-ho's,'  'hee-de-hee's' and an instant standing ovation."
 clifton j. noble jr.we have had many world-famous guest artists on our campus throughout the past 30 years as guest performers or conductors. i have to say that our concert(s) with the glenn miller orchestra is without doubt one of the top experiences we've ever had! the current gmo is absolutely the best big band i've ever heard! i couldn't be more impressed and would absolutely recommend the gmo to any director who wants to provide his/her students with an amazing, musical and inspirational experience!”dr. buddy clements, director of music-walnut high schooljust a word of thanks for your help in getting everett and amanda (tribute to benny goodman and peggy lee) to north dakota. things went off without a hitch. they gave us a great show. we are looking forward to the gmo (again) in 2013! thanks again for all your help.”

 terri aldrick - executive director - integrity jazz festival, minot, mdfantastic and more!!!!! all the tommy dorsey orchestra musicians were world-class! bandleader terry myers was so nice to our audience and they loved the pac! singer bryan anthony was terrific! ed gaston was fantastic as the road manager and his communication was clear and exactly what i needed; he was the first off the bus to greet me. i was absolutely thrilled and will definitely have them back! our audience was very very impressed!!! thank you for all your help!"

 lari dianne young - director - pac, texas a&m univ. corpus christithe kingston trio played to sold out audiences in park city, utah, on thursday and  friday nights. the thursday show was a good event; but on friday night, the trio blew the doors off the egyptian theater. the friday night audience came to party. they were
a lively crowd and their exuberance must have inspired george, bill and rick because these guys gave as good as they got. it was a fun night full of song and laughter."robert friedman, park city, utahthe performance by the tommy dorsey orchestra on february 13, 2013 at the ector theatre in odessa, texas was extraordinary! the band and bryan's vocals were of the highest quality of any performances we've ever had at the ector, and they were so easy to work with. everybody left the theatre very, very happy after the show. thanks again for a wonderful experience."don stice - the ector theater, odesa, txthank you all so much for the fantastic glenn miller orchestra show tonight at texas a&m university-corpus christi. everything was perfect!!! our audience was thrilled and we packed the house and they sure got their money’s worth and more.  i so appreciate all the assistance and communication from julia rich and the gmo road manager. it was stellar and so organized that it made my job a piece of cake! we would be honored to have you all back again and thank you for arranging your tour to be here this evening.”

 lari dianne young - director, pac-texas a&m univ. corpus christii am writing this letter to thank you for bringing in the world famous glenn miller orchestra to perform at del norte high school. this was truly a one-of-kind of event for my students and the surrounding community. we were so excited to have the del norte high school string orchestra play alongside the glenn miller orchestra for the second half of the concert and it was truly amazing experience from beginning to end!  thank you again!!"jennifer kitelinger - instrumental music director, del norte high schoolwe have booked the glenn miller orchestra at our theatre annually for over 25 years to sell-out crowds. this speaks to what a stellar act gmo is and how much our audiences enjoy the performances.”

 

 annie myers - marketing director - derby dinner playhouse, clarksville, in
our gmo show is a sell-out. actually there is one seat unsold in our theater. we are so excited for this response to our season opening show."


 
bev poppe - james f. dicke auditorium, new bremen, ohwhat we do:what is your mailing address and telephone number?phoenix talent agency, inc., 3208 w. lake mary blvd., suite 1720, lake mary, florida 32746, (321) 441-9139
why don't you include the artists' fees with the rest of their information? an artist's fee is somewhat flexible considering the many factors including both travel and routing.  it is usually more expensive for an artist to go out and to perform one night only, when if multiple dates are booked together, both geographically and chronologically, the artist is able to keep tour expenses, including both travel and hotel, down.
there are many artists advertised on your roster that i also see on other agencies' rosters. why should i work with your agency?service!  we think we provide great service to both our buyers and artists.  we have great working relationships with the artists on our roster, or with their personal managers, and work hard negotiating the best possible fee for both parties.


 
 
 





contact information: phoenix talent agency, inc.
3208 w. lake mary blvd.
suite 1720
lake mary, fl  32746
phone:  (321) 441-9139
e-mail: office@phoenixtalentagency.com
artists 


 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 


quick contact us form:






name



email



message







submit




 
 


 
 

 
 





















