
























home - napp





















skip to content






about
productsnapp products
qdem – branded generic medicines


careers
partnering
educationinvasive candidiasis


media
contact








 


it’s not just our medicines that need to pass the quality test.
we’re in the business of bringing medicines to the nhs. it is work that deeply affects the lives of health providers and patients – and here at napp we pride ourselves on doing it the right way.







napp have a strong track record in bringing high quality, innovative medicines to uk health professionals and their patients. we believe in excellence and delivering on our promises to the nhs, patients, our business partners and each other.
we strive to offer new medicines and initiatives that meet genuine needs, make a positive difference to patients’ lives and support the nhs in delivering effective, high-quality, sustainable healthcare.
 
*once you click on this link you will leave this site to go to the napp promotional website. please click ‘continue to external link’ if you want to proceed.




products
we’ve been providing innovative medicines to the uk since the 1920s; this is what our portfolio looks like today.
hcp info*
patient info


working ethically and with integrity
ensuring that we work ethically and with integrity is incredibly important to us and we are dedicated to meeting and exceeding the nhs commitment to deliver a net-zero nhs.
find out more













you are now leaving our website. napp does not accept any responsibility for the third party site.
please click “continue to external link” if you want to proceed.


you are now leaving this site to go to the napp promotional website. please click continue to external link if you want to proceed.

continue to external link

×











napp pharmaceuticals limited
cambridge science park, milton road, cambridge cb4 0ab
telephone: +44 (0)1223 424444
fax: +44 (0)1223 424441




quicklinksabout us
products
careers
partnering
education
media
carbon reduction plan 2024
contact
legalintegrity line
legal
cookie policy
privacy notice
registered company
modern slavery statement
pharmacovigilance privacy notice
tax strategy
group pension scheme
pension implementation statement
statement of investment principles
 




    © 2025 napp pharmaceuticals limited.  

         dop: july 2024 uk-corp-2200003 v10.0 
      



opioid charter
for mundipharma’s charter on the responsible medical use of opioid analgesics in pain management click here.
opioid safety statement
“attention should be given as the use of opioids has a risk of addiction, misuse and abuse. therefore, appropriate assessment and monitoring is a requirement at initiation, maintenance and tapering down of opioid therapy.”


×



 









this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. we use necessary cookies to ensure the proper functioning of our site. we'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us to improve your experience when using the site. we won't set optional cookies unless you choose to enable them. using this tool will place a cookie on your device which will remember your preferences when you next visit.
for more detailed information about the cookies we use, please refer to our cookie policy. settings.



accept

 














close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




cookie policy





 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!







cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
save changes

 











