






















jewelers board of trade | credit information for the jewelry industry






javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

      skip to main content
    


















apply today








main navigation


membership


membership pricing


listing benefits


member login




services


credit reports


marketing


collections


market research




industry knowledge


webinars


downloads & articles


blog




about us


about jbt


make an invoice payment


make a claims payment


testimonials


faq's


contact us















search




























the industry knowledge you need
to make informed business decisions.
since 1884, jbt has provided members with unbiased commercial credit information for the jewelry industry.













the jewelers board of
trade can help your
business thrive
jbt can assist you with understanding who your business partners
are, finding new customers and getting paid. we are the only
source of jewelry-specific credit information and collection
services in the world.
see membership pricing






 


 



evaluate risk
improve your performance by making better informed credit
decisions.
 

 


 



get paid faster
jbt’s certified collection professionals can help when
problems arise.
 

 


 



find new customers
reach new buyers or promote new products with our targeted, competitively-priced lists.
 

 


 



stay informed
jbt provides the latest industry statistics, analytics and trends
as well as credit information.
 
















 












 
 
it’s free to claim your directory listing
jbt members have access to statistics and reports on the financial health of over 70,000 companies in the jewelry industry. claiming and managing your listing ensures that your data is accurate and up-to-date. 
get listed
 
 















 



did you know that jbt makes over 1,000 changes to credit ratings each month? stay informed!












join the 2,000+ members who rely on jbt for the
most accurate jewelry specific information







"the red book mobile app gives me the convenience of having a list of retailers in my territory available on my phone so that i can map them, call them and keep notes on my visits, allowing me to be more productive and better prepared before and when i'm on the road."
henry hakimian
sales executive,
s. kashi & sons inc.






"jbt has become an invaluable partner to us. jbt's many services, ease of use and accuracy of information has made jbt a tool and partner i recommend to every supplier."
pinny rubin
director, leslie's brand
quality gold, inc.






"jbt is a trusting business. its important to understand where you stand and if something is wrong you are notified...this makes it easy to understand what is going on with my credit profile."
mark hayden
president,
hayden jewelers inc.




see what our customers say










events




 






we've moved!


jul 01, 2023 - jul 01, 2024
our new address is: 2348 post road, ste 120, warwick ri, 02886

















member login





















footer menu


membership


contact us




social media menu











































2348 post road ste 120
warwick, ri 02886401-467-0055jbtinfo@jewelersboard.com







legal menu


 privacy


 disclaimer
















