



 



oceanfront bed & breakfast in ogunquit, maine at rockmere bed & breakfast






























































 























						
			call today! 1-888-646-2985











 info@rockmere.com
 150 stearns road, ogunquit, me 03907





home
about »

history


rooms »

deposits & cancellations


ogunquit, me
gallery
newsletters
specials
contact us »

driving instructions


 






maine, the way life should be!





book now









 
maine, the way life should be!
book now















rooms & rates


come visit our bed & breakfast and check out our lovely rooms located in ogunquit, me directly on the marginal way walkway.


more info






ogunquit, me


nestled in the heart ogunquit, our b&b is perfectly located on the marginal way with direct access to all ogunquit has to offer.


more info






our property


see why more and more people are choosing the rockmere bed and breakfast in ogunquit, maine for their destination of choice.


more info












home


the rockmere bed & breakfast
rockmere bed & breakfast is the only bed and breakfast in ogunquit, maine overlooking the ocean by the little lighthouse on the marginal way, a 1.7 mile walking path along the ocean. it has one of the best, incredible views of the ocean from most of its rooms. with ample onsite parking for our guests, the rockmere is located in a quiet residential neighborhood a short distance from all the activity, you will experience this relaxing, peaceful, paradise amid the sights and sounds of the ocean. you can stroll the extensive gardens with its fish pond and fountain, or rest in the gazebo while always hearing the sound of the ocean rolling into shore.
our wrap around porch has a large selection of seating where you can relax and take in the surrounding views. listen to the sound of the ocean as the waves are crashing on shore. we serve a full breakfast in our dining room each morning and coffee in our living room for our early risers. all of our rooms are fully appointed and have their own private bathroom.
rockmere bed & breakfast is a short walk to the center of town, the main beach or to beautiful perkins cove. little beach is just a few steps in front of us along the marginal way. spending time at rockmere bed & breakfast is like visiting family or friends on the coast of maine. come and stay with us in our peaceful, relaxing b&b, re-energize yourself and experience “maine, the way life should be”.






      




search for:

search



recent posts


heaven on earth


winter 2018


august 2018


spring 2017


january 2016


recent commentsarchives

march 2019

categories

newsletter

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org






































































































































































































send message



untitled*email*

phonemessagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


no



yes
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ



stay connected


rockmere lodge bed and breakfast


more information
rockmere bed & breakfast	
phone: 1-888-646-2985
email: info@rockmere.com

address: 150 stearns road		ogunquit me 03907		








© 2025 rockmere inn | sitemap | privacy policy








rockmere inn
homeabout »

history back
rooms »

deposits & cancellations back
ogunquit, megallerynewslettersspecialscontact us »

driving instructions back


				× close panel			


































 

 
