










survivorship.org | for survivors of ritual abuse, mind control and torture
































 






survivorship.org
for survivors of ritual abuse, mind control and torture










main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
events
what’s new?
faq’s
blog
log in
disclaimer
contact
 







welcome


ritual abuse evidence
https://survivorship.org/ritual-abuse-evidence/
the survivorship trafficking and extreme abuse online conference 2025
survivor conference - saturday and sunday may 17 - 18, 2025
this year's topic is "celebrating the gains fighting ritual abuse."
clinician's conference - friday may 16, 2025
this year's topic is "progress against extreme abuse."
https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-trafficking-and-extreme-abuse-online-conference-2025
the survivorship trafficking and extreme abuse online conference 2024 presentations  https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-trafficking-and-extreme-abuse-online-conference-2024-presentations
conference information is at:https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-trafficking-and-extreme-abuse-online-conference-2024/

the survivorship of extreme or ritualistic abuse 2023 online conference presentations https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2023-conference-presentations/
conference information is at: https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2023-online-conference/
survivorship webinar 2022: healing the unimaginable: a ten-session course - dr. alison miller - for clinicians https://survivorship.org/survivorship-webinar-2022-healing-the- unimaginable-a-ten-session-course/  all ten video sessions and powerpoints are now available.   survivorship webinar 2022: healing the unimaginable: a ten-session course – powerpoint text
https://survivorship.org/survivorship-webinar-2022-healing-the-unimaginable-a-ten-session-course-powerpoint-text/
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2022 conference presentations
https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2022-conference-presentations/
conference information is at:  https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2022-conference/
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control online conference - may 2021 information and linked resources are at  https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2021-conference/ 
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2021 conference presentations  https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2021-conference-presentations/
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2020 online conference: https://survivorship.org/ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2020-conference/
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2020 conference presentations https://survivorship.org/the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2020-conference-presentations/
the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2019 conference promotional video


the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2019 conference
https://survivorship.org/ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2019-conference/  powerpoints of the presentations are available at the website.   
survivorship conference may 2018 - promotional video

https://youtu.be/_h9wcl6lf6q
video presentations from the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2017 conference  https://survivorship.org/presentations-from-the-survivorship-ritual-abuse-and-mind-control-2017-conference

membership in survivorship is a powerful way to break one's isolation and support each other. it is a way for people to connect with each other, to validate each others' feelings and experiences and to offer support and understanding.
please be mindful of your reactions as you explore these pages. reading about ritual abuse may cause strong feelings, especially if you are new to recovery or new to information about ritual abuse.
survivorship is a volunteer run not for profit organization and is a long time support network for survivors of extreme abuse. in order to keep our web page and services open, we seek bursaries, contributions and grants. your generous contribution will allow more people to attend our yearly conference, give us the possibility of educating more professionals and give us a larger base of outreach.
survivorship exists to support survivors of abuse online. sorry, but we don't provide referrals to therapists, agencies or hospitals.
survivorship movie (the survivorship edit)

how to use this site.
you may want to check inside frequently and to stop reading if you start to feel upset or in a trance state. if this happens, do whatever has worked to help soothe and ground yourself. if you feel overwhelmed and these techniques do not help you, call you may want to call your therapist or a hotline for help.
within this site you will find information on ritual abuse (also called ritualistic abuse or ritual-abuse-torture). the “difficult dates” page lists holidays that are hard for survivors of ritual abuse, satanic ritual abuse (sra), polytheistic cult abuse and abuse by nazi groups. the articles give background and deal with the effects of ritual abuse, child pornography, and child prostitution, and government/military mind control (mc). many of the articles describe living with post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) and dissociative identity disorder (did, formerly called mpd.) there are other links to other pages on ritual abuse and to healing resources.
how not to use the site
none of the material on this site, on the webinars, and on the message boards is meant as therapy, or to take the place of therapy. it is peer-to-peer sharing and designed as information and support.
why become a member (benefits of membership)
as a member of survivorship you will receive our notes every two months with news of the organization, national events and news articles for survivors. two times a year you will receive our journal, which contains many articles, poems and art work by survivors, therapists, family or friends of survivors, and other supporters. you will also be able to use the members-only section of the website.
you also get to support an organization which has been supporting survivors since 1989.
our e-mail address: info@survivorship.org










language 



 english


 afrikaans albanian amharic arabic armenian azerbaijani basque belarusian bengali bosnian bulgarian catalan cebuano chichewa chinese (simplified) chinese (traditional) corsican croatian czech danish dutch english esperanto estonian filipino finnish french frisian galician georgian german greek gujarati haitian creole hausa hawaiian hebrew hindi hmong hungarian icelandic igbo indonesian irish italian japanese javanese kannada kazakh khmer korean kurdish (kurmanji) kyrgyz lao latin latvian lithuanian luxembourgish macedonian malagasy malay malayalam maltese maori marathi mongolian myanmar (burmese) nepali norwegian pashto persian polish portuguese punjabi romanian russian samoan scottish gaelic serbian sesotho shona sindhi sinhala slovak slovenian somali spanish sudanese swahili swedish tajik tamil telugu thai turkish ukrainian urdu uzbek vietnamese welsh xhosa yiddish yoruba zulu







about survivorshipwho we are
join membership
renew membership
members area
news
resourcestrafficking and extreme abuse online conference 2025
trafficking and extreme abuse online conference 2024
ritual abuse and mind control 2023 online conference
ritual abuse and mind control 2022 online conference
ritual abuse and mind control 2021 online conference
ritual abuse and mind control 2020 conference
ritual abuse and mind control 2019 conference
ritual abuse and mind control 2018 conference
video presentations from the survivorship ritual abuse and mind control 2017 conference
ritual abuse evidence
survivorship conference online presentations
articles
links
community calendar
difficult dates
notes and journal
survivorship webinars
webinar archived
journal
notes
for salebooks & art
how you can helpdonate
volunteer
submit writing  & artwork
search 
search



 



  please read our disclaimer | 
©2024 survivorship.org | 	














