








andrew karney


































 
 




wikipedia







contact me 




 
 
 
 
 
 




 




our house




private photos



          
               
 
 
 
.


 
 
 
            


.


.......







 
 
after
      half a lifetime working as a scientist and engineer in the electronics,
      telecommunications, space and it sector as a consultant, manager and
      finally as a main board director at logica plc, i decided on a plural
      career.  at
      logica, at various times, i was responsible for the communications,
      media, space, electronics and government business sectors in the uk,
      operations in asia and europe and various vertical lines of business
      internationally.  i co-founded
      cable london plc, one of he first cable tv businesses in the uk and now
      part of virgin media.
 
on
      leaving logica in 1994, i became an independent director of the guardian
      media group plc, guardian news and media ltd , also appointed non-executive director of the nasdaq
      quoted integrated micro products inc., chairman of the venture capital
      backed language line ltd (a telephone interpreting business) and several
      other technology companies in the uk and the us.  i undertook strategic and technical
      consultancy for the guardian, cable and wireless, british airways,
      mitsui, reuters, inmarsat, eutelsat, at&t and other corporations and
      government agencies in the uk and internationally.
 
for
      15 years, i was senior independent director of baronsmead second venture trust .  i was chairman of
      the international ngo, integrity
      action.  from 2009 to 2018 i
      was a trustee of medical aid for
      palestinians and a non-executive director of helix technologies,
 
currently
      i am trustee of the welfare
      association (uk) and am closely involved in various activities in the
      middle east, which started many years ago when i was working for the un in gaza 
 
i am
      a chartered engineer, a fellow of
      the institute of engineering
      and technology, a registered european
      engineer, a fellow of the royal
      society of arts, a member of chatham
      house (the royal institute of international affairs) and the council for arab-british understanding.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 
trustee 
 
trustee of the welfare association,
      the uk branch of taawon, working with marginalised palestinian
      communities in the west bank, gaza and in the refugee camps and
      communities in lebanon. 
 
 
 
 
 
formerly independent director of:
 
helix
      technologies
medical aid
      for palestinians (director and trustee)
baronsmead second venture trust plc  (senior
      independent director)
guardian media group plc
guardian
      news and media ltd
integrity action
       (chairman and trustee) 
language line ltd (chairman) (now part of language line solutions)
integrated micro products plc (now part of oracle)
cable london ltd  (founder) (now part of virgin
      media plc)
netcentric systems plc
viewgate networks ltd
communicandum ltd
conclusive logic ltd
 
formerly executive director of:
 
logica plc (now part of cgi)
logica uk ltd
logica space communications ltd
logica data architects inc (usa)
speedwing logica  (now part of british airways)
jardine
      logica (hong kong) 
logicasiel
      spa (italy)
 














