



























environmental grantmakers association










      skip to main content
    












































aboutabout eganewshistorystaff & boardmember listcontactfor memberseventsworking groupsaffinity groupspublicationsfor partnersjob boardgrant seekersexecutive summaries of reportsprogramstracking the fieldexecutive grantmaker fellowshipwebinarsglobal engagementjoinlog in





















































































































over thirty five years of environmental grantmakers working together as a force for equitable and sustainable ecosystems, communities, and economies.






join us

























                          registration for the 2025 federal policy briefing is now open!
                          





ega’s 2025 federal policy briefing is the premier opportunity for our membership to collectively chart a path forward for the sustained support of democracy. the briefing creates space for meaningful, peer and partner solutions, sector- wide dialogue, and strategy to inform our responses and collective impact response. 
you are invited to the 2025 federal policy briefing to assess resilient systems for our future.






register here







































                          executive grantmaker fellowship
                          





the executive grantmaker fellowship (egf), is an 18-month offline and online fellowship to prepare today's leader in environmental philanthropy, for tomorrow. 






learn more







































                          tracking the field
                          





the tracking the field program highlights connections between environmental and global philanthropy and the relationship between inclusiveness and effective environmental philanthropy.






learn more


















































































“i wanted to do something different. something that would alleviate stressors in the nonprofit community, while living our real, core social justice values. we’ve always been very interested in supporting organizations led by people of color, and unapologetically focusing on those groups. we firmly believe that the people experiencing the greatest harm, or closest to the problem, often have the solutions.”shawn escofferyexecutive director of the roy and patricia disney family foundation (rpdff), in partnership with ega





find out more
























































tracking racial equity






the racial equity in environmental philanthropy report examines funding to black, indigenous, and all people of color (bipoc)−led organizations across the united states. it fills a knowledge gap on racial justice funding, and is especially of interest to foundation trustees, supporting bipoc-led organizations. moreover, this report sets a baseline for the availability of demographic data to foster greater transparency within environmental philanthropy. it also includes analysis by issue area, geography and strategic focus on funding to bipoc-led groups. ega members are encouraged to download the report today to learn more.





download the report














latest publications























































            ega post-election resource guide
          





ega is here to bolster your navigation of the changing landscape of ideas and agendas.  we humbly offer a post-election resource guide to inspire you and inform your decisions about how to show up in this next chapter.
 




full report available to members only






































            2022 ttf data findings 
          





at the 2024 fall retreat, ega released the newest findings on the what, where, how and who are environmental grantmakers funding based on 2022 grantmaking data tracked by ega’s ttf program. 
in 2022, we recorded over 15,000 environmental grants given by ega members, totalling more than $2.7 billion, an 18% increase from 2021. the grants were given to over 7,000 grantees across the globe. this report highlights updated demographic data analysis, reflecting over-time shifts in ega members’ grantmaking to bipoc-led groups and a new state-level domestic funding breakdown by grantee location. the report documents progress in more equitable distribution of environmental philanthropic resources over time, while revealing the existing disparities in terms of race, geography, issue and strategy focuses.
read the full data slides and watch the data release presentation video here. 




full report available to members only











see all publications











































































connect with our  high‑impact network of environmental grantmakers.






become a member
















          environmental grantmakers association
        















footer






about


for members


for partners


programs


join us














environmental grantmakers association 475 riverside drive suite 960 new york, ny 10115 t: 212.812.4310



















copyright © 2025 environmental grantmakers associationdesigned and built by giant rabbit












privacy policy















