









	aca dog - the american canine association - aca home page










phone: 1-800-651-8332
fax: 1-866-217-2845
email: registrations@acacustomerservice.org
hours: 9:00am to 4:00pm est
             monday—friday






my kennel professional breeder login sign up









toggle navigation








home
online services
events calendar
star breeder program
breeds
faq
contact us
download forms





































previous



next







register on-line
click here


my kennel
click here







the american  canine  association - aca dog
 
registering a pet with the american canine association is painless with our simplified forms and online services. you will be amazed ...
read more                                  







aca dog  shows &  
events
 
all aca registered dogs are eligible to participate in aca sanctioned events and dog shows, like conformation, obedience
read more                                  








  
  
  

 











online services we provide:





canine registration
register you dog now by clicking on the above red register online now button.








download applications
you can download litter registration and dual registration forms by clicking on the top menu download forms tab.








professional breeders
register you litters online 24 hours a day - 7 days a week.  professional discounted rates, free kennel management programs, instantly list your puppies on www.puppylocator.org and www.puppy-for-sale.org by logging into you https://www.mykennel.org account. 



see more about our services









"
the american canine association, inc. - aca dogs
registering a pet with the american canine association is painless with our simplified forms and online services. aca provides all owners of registered canines with full pedigree services and certifications for health tracking, obedience and conformation titling.  aca's friendly customer service representative are happy to answer any questions you might have.
get in touch with us
 

the american canine association, inc. - "we are not just improving the dog world... we're changing it!"
 
 









how we do it?
why we do it?
our mission




the american canine association, inc. ( aca) is the world's largest health tracking dog registry.  aca is the second largest dog registry and was established in 1984. 
aca sanctions dog shows and competition trials throughout north american and the caribbean. 


why we do it!


american canine association, inc. ( aca ) mission statement


the american canine association, inc. is dedicated to:

   improving the genetic health and lives of dogs around the world.
   providing educational seminars and tools to improve the health and welfare of dogs.
   protect the rights of all breeders to provide healthy and socialize puppies to the public.
   protect the rights of the public to own and enjoy “man’s best friend.”

 

...
















                            aca dogs - online service
                        
aca dogs - home page
aca dogs - download forms
aca dogs - contact us
.



                            veterinary & health links
                        
orthopedic foundation for animals
veterinary ophthalmologosts
university of pennsylvania
purdue university
star breeder organization



                            government & other links
                        
united states animal welfare act
usda
u.s. senate
u.s. house
american canine association
international canine association




.








            copyright © amercian canine association 2025 | privacy policy







