









tdc jewelry store in chicago suburbs | serving customers since 1984


































































 










 








about us
blog
customer reviews
jewelry & watch repair
contact/hours
 

















engagement
fine jewelry
custom design
estate buying
appointments
 










 




 contact us 




 contact us 




 engagement ringslet us help you select the perfect diamond for the centerpiece of a ring that will represent your lifetime commitment to each other.learn more 




 







 







 engagement ringslet us help you select the perfect diamond for the centerpiece of a ring that will represent your lifetime commitment to each other.learn more 










 







 fine jewelrywe offer the latest designs in wearable fine jewelry from some of the most innovative companies in the industry.learn more 










 custom designinherited some jewelry? want to make something new from old? maybe you just want to create a special new piece using all new materials? we can help you create the designs of your dreams.learn more 




 







 







 custom designinherited some jewelry? want to make something new from old? maybe you just want to create a special new piece using all new materials? we can help you create the designs of your dreams.learn more 










 







 gold & estate buyinghave a jewelry inheritance? some old gold or diamonds with no purpose? create a new design or make that old ring into a necklace or bracelet to keep an important or sentimental design intact. we will also buy your jewelry and pay top dollar. turn old treasures into new ones or just turn them into cash. make an appointment for a free evaluation.learn more 










 





 





 email list




						subscribe                    


 














 email liststay up-to-date with our latest offers.




						sign up                    


 








 homeengagementfine jewelrycustom designestate buyingschedule an appointmentabout usjewelry & watch repaircustomer reviewsblogcontact/hours 




 bbb a+ rated businesscheck our yelp reviews!we sell gia certified diamondscredit card transactions are compliassure secured 




 contact us21805 w field pkwysuite 170deer park, il 60010(847) 913-5531info@tdcjewelry.com 




 © 2024 tdc jewelry  |  all rights reserved  |  powered by lakefront digital marketing 






top





** retirement sale ! ! ** liquidation pricing on all showroom jewelry - details ** 































