


































artdish | northwest forum on visual art - seattle, washington

















artdish
northwest forum on visual art









in memoriam,victoria josslin,1946 - 2019
editor and founder of artdish.com

                it is with great sadness to announce the recent passing of victoria josslin at her home on bainbridge island on may 12, 2019. as the founder of artdish, she brought a genuine interest in leveraging an internet platform to foster discussion and lively debate among the arts community around seattle and the pacific northwest. she saw value in launching the artdish web site as an esteemed extension of the post-art walk discussions she shared around seattle, bellevue and bainbridge to a digital platform.
              

                towards that endeavor, she was energized by web technology's capacity for connecting individual participation through social interactions and dialogue on the artdish forum — one that emerged before the advent of social media sites including facebook, twitter, and reddit, and before the popular adoption of blog platforms like wordpress and medium among writers.
              




                although victoria's investment in artdish was capped at five years on her terms, she helped nurture a community around the artdish brand that she cultivated through her essays and writing as well as from her associates, artists and friends that supported the project.
              

                in 2005, she passed her hat on to seattle writer jim demetre to continue the artdish mission and publish topical essays on pacific northwest art by local writers and guest contributors. it also freed up her time to focus on her own endeavors to write for national arts press including glass: the urbanglass quarterly and to publish her first work of fiction "the bookstore of other languages" in march 2018.

              



victoria josslin's book debut
 the bookstore of other languages (goodreads.com)

victoria josslin's blog
 victoriajosslin.com

glass: the urbanglass quarterly
in memoriam: critic and glass contributing editor victoria josslin (1946 - 2019)

donations in josslin's memory can be made to the episcopal relief & development's global needs fund.
 episcopal relief & development

facebook
 artdish facebook page













artdish

              in late 1999, artdish - the northwest forum on visual art made its online debut to reach a seattle and regional northwest audience. the city was on the cusp of pivotal change. the early years of the internet economy that spurred the dot-com era made an impact locally and globally, but the period also precipated an end of published local arts press in print. artdish thrived as a regional online arts magazine, forum and blog for nearly ten years against a cycles of upheaval and transition.
            








contributors

              artdish culled contributions from many writers including from artdish editor and founder victoria josslin, editor jim demetre, contributing writer and artdish developer eric gould during the 2000s. after victoria passed the torch to editor jim demetre, artdish later matured into a blog with regular featured contributions from gary faigin, matthew kangas, marcie sillman and other writers from seattle and around the pacific northwest.
            









photographs by jennifer burk and john westrock courtesy unsplash. photograph of victoria josslin courtesy glass: the urbanglass quarterly. additional photography by eric gould.
© 2019 copyright: artdish.com



















