






boston ma hotel information






































boston ma hotel information









homecontactcomfort inn boston/foxborocomfort innboston/rocklandcomfort innworcester/auburnsuper 8boston/sharon











home



best hotels in boston massachusetts!












comfort inn boston/foxboro
super 8boston/sharon
comfort innboston/rockland





hotels in boston is what we do! our company website “bestmasshotels.com”, short for “best massachusetts hotels” is a website dedicated to our line of hotels in boston massachusetts.
our hotels range in style to match your likes – 

the comfort inn boston/foxboro has a colonial brick design with a small white porch extending from the second floor – a great location to have coffee in the morning
the super 8 boston/sharon hotel has a traditional 2 story design – with the large property, this is a great location for travelers with animals
the comfort inn boston/rockland also has a colonial design with the added feature of a large 2nd story porch that overlooks the rolling terrain property

our rewards program
our rewards system has perks that most people don’t know about – after 8 stays you earn a free night. we also have a number of local restaurants that you receive 20% off of when staying at one of our hotels. the area golf courses offer a 10% discount on an 18 hole round of golf. alliance rent a car also completes free airport runs from our hotels when you book a rental car with them – this is a great feature that saves time checking in our out. we also offer a porter service that brings groceries and supplies from local grocery stores to our hotels – so if you forget pajamas or want a book to read, you can download our app and shop online and our porter will bring you your goods.  
a rewards program can really add up before you know it. if you travel once per month, then you will earn a free night stay after only 8 months.  if you travel two nights per month then you’d earn a free night after only 4 months.  
our contact information
please visit the link for each of our locations for our contact information.  our hotels are manned 24/7, so call anytime for information or to book a stay with us.
are pets allowed?
pets are allowed at some of our locations.  at our locations where pets are allowed we ask that you please cleanup after your pet.  we do have heated walking areas so that your pets have a snow free area to do their business, and everyone likes a clean area, so your help with cleaning up is appreciated.  as you would expect, your animals cannot make noise that disturbs other staying with us, so please make sure that your animals are quiet.  we do have a 2 animal limit – we’d like to allow for more animals, but we’ve had some crazy stories of some crazy things when people bring multiple animals.  
is parking included?
yes – parking is free!  all of our hotels have ample parking in our parking lots.  for your protection we do require that all vehicles are registered when you check-in, and this allows us to patrol the parking lot to make sure that only people staying at our hotel are parked at our hotels.  if you have friends or family visiting, it is totally ok for their cars to stay overnight also – you would just need to register their car at the front desk also and receive a parking pass.  
do you have free coffee?
yes!  all of our hotels offer free coffee 24/7.  we know that people have different shedules, so its always coffee time at our hotels.  we offer regular coffee, decaf coffee, and an assortment of teas.  at the front desk we also keep hot chocolate packets – so be sure to ask the front desk attendant for hot chocolate if that is what you are wanting.  the coffee we use is an organic vendor that is a part charity also, which we love to support them.  
our hotel locations
confort inn foxboro
the comfort inn foxboro is located right off of i-95 and commercial st. with address of 4 fisher st., foxborough ma 02035.  
confort inn rockland – boston
the comfort inn rockland – boston is located right off of highway 3 and hingham st.
comfort inn auburn-worcester
the comfort inn auburn-worcester is located right off of i-290 and the auburn st exit.  after taking the exit, then head southwest on southbridge st. and our hotel is about a mile down the road.
copyright ©2025 nantucket companies








