







let's talk - living theology in the metropolitan chicago synod since 1996




















































let's talk20 years ofliving theology in the metropolitan chicago synod since 1996home
issues

welcome to let’s talk 2020
22. 2 reformation jubilee 500
22.1 death and dying
all issues 1996 – present


noted guest authors
about
contact

19.1: epiphany 2014 .

religion and the arts
a lutheran learns to read and write iconsby frederick j. schumachermasks for j.b.by john a. langas i see it: clothed in righteousnessby frank c. sennon the way: called on filmby benjamin dueholmbook review: pastrix: the cranky, beautiful faith of a sinner and saintby gordon j. strawour lady of guadalupe and the season of adventby maxwell e. johnson“eternity,” you thunder wordby frank c. sennhomily at bach vespers: breathing together againby frank c. senn
powered by genesis 

welcome to let’s talk


we invite submission of papers and talks from members of the metropolitan chicago synod of the elca, talks given to members of the metropolitan chicago synod, or articles from other pastors and theologians, not limited to elca. send submissions in word docx. to fcsenn70@gmail.com.


so what’s the lutheran brand?
august 23, 2022 by benjamin dueholm 
benjamin j. dueholm august 23, 2022   commenting on a recent spate of major media articles describing conversation to roman catholicism as a sort of trend in some avant-garde social circles, writer b.d. mcclay (herself a catholic) clarifies that while catholicism is not cool, nor is it growing in adherents, it is a “brand.” that […]


filed under: whither lutheranism concerning a proposed restructuring of the elca
august 8, 2022 by wayne miller 
wayne n. miller august 7, 2022   i write this on the opening day of the 2022 churchwide assembly of the evangelical lutheran church in america.  leading up to this assembly there has been a significant movement to re-examine the entire structure and constitutional polity of the elca, largely motivated by a series of recent […]


filed under: other ways to do and be the church homily at bach vespers: breathing together again
october 8, 2021 by frank c. senn 
the bach cantata vespers at grace lutheran church, river forest, il began its 51st season on september 26, 2021 with an in-person congregation as well as livestreamed participants at home. this is a full order of vespers according to the use of lutheran book of worship with a full bach cantata and a full homily. the cantata […]


filed under: breath, covid-19, religion and the arts observing ash wednesday 2021
january 20, 2021 by matthew riegel 
matthew riegel is bishop of the west virginia-western maryland synod of the elca.  he answers the question: “what shall we do about ash wednesday in 2021?” this article appeared on the website of the west virginia/western maryland synod and is reposted here with bishop riegel’s permission. how this question gets answered in any particular place […]


filed under: covid-19, liturgy tagged with: adiaphora, ways of imposing ashes, worship practicessermon on embodied racism
july 21, 2020 by frank c. senn 
preached in zoom service, st. augustine’s episcopal church, wilmette, il. fifth sunday after pentecost. year a. july 5, 2020 text: romans 7:15-25a i haven’t given a sermon since before covid-19 made us go into zoom church. so this is my first experience of preaching to virtual images on my computer screen. i trust that there […]


filed under: body, covid-19, racism as i see it: public health and public worship during covid-19
may 14, 2020 by frank c. senn 
by frank c. senn for years i wrote an opinion column for let’s talk at the invitation of the editorial board called “as i see it.” even though let’s talk has adopted a blog format rather than an issue number format, i feel the need for another one as our states begin opening up society […]


filed under: a discussion of liturgical norms, communion and community, covid-19 tagged with: body, hea;lth, sacramentis fasting from the reception of holy communion the same as fasting from the eucharistic liturgy? a lutheran liturgical-sacramental reflection on eucharistic praxis during covid-19
may 12, 2020 by maxwell e. johnson 
by maxwell e. johnson what will become of the centrality of the eucharist in lutheran worship as a result of the current pandemic?  i have been thinking about this question ever since many of our congregations moved rather quickly to zoom and you tube liturgies with an increased emphasis upon the oral proclamation of the […]


filed under: a discussion of liturgical norms, communion and community, covid-19 jesus known in the breaking of the bread
april 28, 2020 by nadia stefko 
sermon preached at st. augustine’s episcopal (zoom) church26 april 2020 easter 3a: acts 2:14a,36-41 & luke 24:13-35 i want to start my reflection here with an observation:today’s readings show us two pretty different ways of telling the resurrection story. in acts, peter is all confidence. he gives this powerful speech. full of conviction, and with […]


filed under: communion and community, covid-19, resurrection communion at home
april 21, 2020 by mark d. williamson 
the following is the pastor’s column appearing in the may grace notes newsletter of grace lutheran church, dodgeville, wisconsin breaking our fast from the lord’s supper: sharing communion from home one of the hardest things about our suspension of in-person gatherings since mid-march has been the related hiatus on celebrating holy communion together. numerous bishops […]


filed under: communion and community, covid-19 jessie: a palm sunday parable in the midst of the pandemic of 2020
april 14, 2020 by john a. lang 
by john a. lang when the religious leaders saw the outrageous things he was doing, and heard all the children running and shouting through the temple, “hosanna to david’s son!” they were up in arms and took him to task, “do you hear what these children are saying?”  jesus said, “yes, i hear them.  and […]


filed under: covid-19, grace in the city forsaken
april 7, 2020 by pastor david lyle 
pastor david r. lyle offers his palm sunday sermon. he is senior pastor of grace lutheran church in river forest, il. together with pastor michael costello they have been live streaming services from the sanctuary of the church. there is social distance between the chancel and the organ loft. we thought that the sermon brings together the context of the at home congregation, the covid-19 social context, and the readings for palm/passion sunday.


filed under: covid-19, passion of christ why virtual communion is not nearly radical enough
april 2, 2020 by paul r. hinlicky 
a question has been raised about whether virtual communion is a possibility. this question is addressed negatively by professor paul r. hinlicky of roanoke college in an article entitled, “why virtual communion is not radical enough.” he draws on the lutheran insistence on bodily eating and drinking and the eucharistic fellowship (koinonia). but he also suggests that we should be preaching about the wrath of god in this situation. dr. hinlicky gives a pauline and lutheran understanding of the wrath of god.


filed under: body, communion and community, covid-19 tagged with: koinonia, original sin, wrath of god“eternity,” you thunder word
december 17, 2019 by frank c. senn 
johann sebastian bach gwen gotschmark bangert edited by frank senn on november 24, 2019 (what for us contemporary lutherans was christ the king sunday, a twentieth century roman catholic festival we adopted in 1978, but for the old lutherans the last sunday after trinity with its eschatological theme of the last judgment) the bach cantata […]


filed under: hell, lets talk 2020, religion and the arts farewell sermon: home rejoicing
november 30, 2019 by benjamin dueholm 
pastor benjamin dueholm preached at lutheran church of the messiah, wauconda, il on september 17, 2019. sisters and brothers, grace to you and peace from god our father and the lord jesus christ. amen. i found some lost sheep this week as i cleaned out my office. lots of them, actually, lost and hiding in […]


filed under: lets talk 2020 tagged with: sermonself-care: being present to god and to our bodily selves
november 25, 2019 by frank c. senn 
frank c. senn   we all need dedicated times to be present to god and to our bodily selves. in both we address our soul, that which makes us uniquely who we are. i could just say: you should have a time for personal prayer, maybe first thing in the morning using a good prayer […]


filed under: body, lets talk 2020, spirituality 1
2
3
…
30
next page »

recent articles
homily at bach vespers: breathing together againobserving ash wednesday 2021sermon on embodied racismas i see it: public health and public worship during covid-19is fasting from the reception of holy communion the same as fasting from the eucharistic liturgy? a lutheran liturgical-sacramental reflection on eucharistic praxis during covid-19jesus known in the breaking of the breadcommunion at homejessie: a palm sunday parable in the midst of the pandemic of 2020forsakenwhy virtual communion is not nearly radical enough
23.1 advent 2019

“eternity,” you thunder wordby frank c. sennfarewell sermon: home rejoicingby benjamin dueholmself-care: being present to god and to our bodily selvesby frank c. sennholy livingby richard o. johnsonour lady of guadalupe and the season of adventby maxwell e. johnson
recent articles
homily at bach vespers: breathing together againoctober 8, 2021 by frank c. senn observing ash wednesday 2021january 20, 2021 by matthew riegel sermon on embodied racismjuly 21, 2020 by frank c. senn as i see it: public health and public worship during covid-19may 14, 2020 by frank c. senn is fasting from the reception of holy communion the same as fasting from the eucharistic liturgy? a lutheran liturgical-sacramental reflection on eucharistic praxis during covid-19may 12, 2020 by maxwell e. johnson 
23.1 advent 2019

let’s talk 2020
our lady of guadalupe and the season of adventby maxwell e. johnsonholy livingby richard o. johnsonself-care: being present to god and to our bodily selvesby frank c. sennfarewell sermon: home rejoicingby benjamin dueholm“eternity,” you thunder wordby frank c. senn
 


