


just a thought..































just a thought..
 





 saturday, june 03, 2006 


  note to self...  


i have to get over my excessive use of exclamation marks!


posted by the usual nonsense @ 6:19 am    1 comments 


















 thursday, may 25, 2006 


  wishful thinking...  


 if only i could,    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................    ......................................  only i can't...bummer!!!


posted by the usual nonsense @ 3:44 am    4 comments 


















 wednesday, may 10, 2006 


  proud and lovin' it!  


  i always had a tendancy for being a follower...always felt i needed guidance and felt more secure around someone i could consider to be my mentor...and so i lived for most of my life...following others and adobting their beliefs even though i continuously claimed to be capable of running my own show...  however! i somehow managed to secretly hold onto some beliefs that i consider mine...those that no one taught me or talked me into believing...those that i proudly learned myself...  today, i finally found out that holding onto one of those very few of my own personal beliefs has paid off...not only that i have found it useful to myself in conquering some of my fears and overcoming some of my doubts...someone else has found it useful too...  i believe that everyone should be trusted unless proven to be untrustworthy...i believe people are good unless proven otherwise...naive?? maybe! but i refused to abandon that belief no matter how many "conspiracy theories" you tried to feed my head...   i'm glad i held onto it...and i'm also glad that someone else is now holding onto it because of me.


posted by the usual nonsense @ 12:28 pm    2 comments 





















  grrrrr...  


 m, y, b, ma, a, and all of those who are following your footsteps...shame on you!your dedicated wives are probably home right now taking care of your precious homes, your lovely kids, or even so carefully and passionately carrying around your unborn children despite all the sleepless nights and morning sicknesses...while you on the other hand are so busy carrying your penises around and displaying them whenever possible so proudly as some kinda fuckin' blue ribbon!it's people like you who make me dread marriage...so with a heavy heart i tell you this...you disgust me!!!


posted by the usual nonsense @ 11:45 am    2 comments 


















 tuesday, april 04, 2006 


  blogthings...  


came across ertebak's blog...found some fun quizes...they're stupid...but i had some time to spare...you are 40% weirdnormal enough to know that you're weird...but too damn weird to do anything about it!how weird are you?how you live your lifeyou seem to be straight forward, but you keep a lot inside.you tend to avoid confrontation and stay away from sticky situations.you tend to have one best friend you hang with, as opposed to many aquaintences.you tend to always dream of things within reach - and you usually get them.how do you live your life?you're a freaky kisserwhen you kiss, you want to experience something newa new technique, a new partner, a new piercing...and your own personal kissing style is very unpredictablethere's no saying where your tongue or hands will gowhat kind of kisser are you?the movie of your life is a black comedyin your life, things are so twisted that you just have to laugh.you may end up insane, but you'll have fun on the way to the asylum.your best movie matches: being john malkovich, the royal tenenbaums, american psychoif your life was a movie, what genre would it be?your quirk factor: 59%you're a pretty quirky person, but you're just normal enough to hide it.congratulations - you've fooled other people into thinking you're just like them!how quirky are you?you should learn spanishfor you, learning a language is about career advancement and communication.knowing spanish will bring you tons of possiblities for jobs and travel. bárbaro!what language should you learn?your seduction style: au naturalyou rank up there with your seduction skills, though you might not know it.that's because you're a natural at seduction. you don't realize your power!the root of your natural seduction power: your innocence and optimism.you're the type of person who happily plays around and creates a unique little world.little do you know that your personal paradise is so appealing that it sucks people in.you find joy in everything - so is it any surprise that people find joy in you?you bring back the inner child in everyone you meet with your sincere and spontaneous ways.your childlike (but not childish) behavior also inspires others to care for you.as a result, those who you befriend and date tend to be incredibly loyal to you.what kind of seducer are you?you are chinese foodexotic yet ordinary.people think they've had enough of you, but they're back for more in an hour.what kind of food are you?your birthdate: june 8watch out donald trump! you've got a head for business and money.you'll make it rich some day, even if you haven't figured out how yet.a supreme individualist, you shouldn't get stuck in a corporate job.instead, make your own way - so that you can be the boss.your strength: your undying determinationyour weakness: you require an opulent lifestyleyour power color: plumyour power symbol: dollar signyour power month: augustwhat does your birth date mean?you are lightningbeautiful yet dangerouspeople will stop and watch you when you appeareven though you're capable of random violenceyou are best known for: your poweryour dominant state: performingwhat type of weather are you?your power color is lime greenat your highest:you are adventurous, witty, and a visionary.at your lowest:you feel misunderstood, like you don't fit in.in love:you have a tough exterior, but can be very dedicated.how you're attractive:your self-awareness and confidence lights up a room.your eternal question:"what else do i need in my life?"what's your power color?you are 44% evilyou are evil, but you haven't yet mastered the dark side.fear not though - you are on your way to world domination.how evil are you?you are 62% addicted to lovemight as well face it, you're very addicted to love.but you're not really getting the deep love you seek.short lived, dramatic relationships are more your style.let go of needing someone, and you may find someone you actually want.are you addicted to love?you are 52% abnormalyou are at low risk for being a psychopath. it is unlikely that you have no soul. you are at high risk for having a borderline personality. it is very likely that you are a chaotic mess.you are at low risk for having a narcissistic personality. it is unlikely that you are in love with your own reflection.you are at high risk for having a social phobia. it is very likely that you feel most comfortable in your mom's basement.you are at high risk for obsessive compulsive disorder. it is very likely that you are addicted to hand sanitizer.how abnormal are you?you have a phlegmatic temperamentmild mannered and laid back, you take life at a slow pace.you are very consistent - both in emotions and actions.you tend to absorb set backs easily. you are cool and collected. it is difficult to offend you. you can remain composed and unemotional.you are a great friend and lover. you don't demand much of others.while you are quiet, you have a subtle wit that your friends know well.at your worst, you are lazy and unwilling to work at anything.you often get stuck in a rut, without aspirations or dreams.you can get too dependent on others, setting yourself up for abandonment.what temperment are you?your career type: artisticyou are expressive, original, and independent.your talents lie in your artistic abilities: creative writing, drama, crafts,  music, or art.you would make an excellent:actor - art teacher - book editor clothes designer - comedian - composer dancer  - dj - graphic designerillustrator - musician - sculptor the worst career options for your are conventional careers, like bank teller or secretary.what's your ideal career?your brain's patternyou have a dreamy mind, full of fancy and fantasy.you have the ability to stay forever entertained with your thoughts.people may say you're hard to read, but that's because you're so internally focused.but when you do share what you're thinking, people are impressed with your imagination.what pattern is your brain?you are 60% boyish and 40% girlishyou are pretty evenly split down the middle - a total eunuch.okay, kidding about the eunuch part. but you do get along with both sexes.you reject traditional gender roles. however, you don't actively fight them.you're just you. you don't try to be what people expect you to be.how boyish or girlish are you?your porn star name is...spanky bottomswhat's your porn star name?your stripper song isi'm a slave 4 u by britney spears"i'm a slave for you. i cannot hold it; i cannot control it.i'm a slave for you. i won't deny it; i'm not trying to hide it."you may seem shy, but you can let your wild side out when you want to!what song should you strip to?


posted by the usual nonsense @ 1:13 pm    0 comments 


















 monday, april 03, 2006 


  a minor edit...  


i was just informed that the "lost poem" wasn't really "the" lost poem...but it turned out to be a "new poem"...now this is a time when i wish i was hated rather than so genuinely loved...people didn't lie when they said love was blind...after all this pain and disappointment i've caused you...you find the will to grab a pen and a piece of paper and start writing a love poem about me!you truley amaze me bouzo...and for that i declare you to be by far the best worst thing that ever happened to me!bisoux bisoux hehe..sincerely yours,enshikha7.


posted by the usual nonsense @ 10:33 pm    0 comments 





















  a lost poem...  


he writes:"ur voice, ur face, ur hair, ur smellthe touch of ur hand is calling mei see in u the mother of my childreni sense in u my paradisei know ur my coming lifeand my dark past drowns in ur sea of innocencewhen i say i love u my heart growsi dream of u, and in u i medidatewish the dream grows and becomes a realityoh how i long 4 a small houseone we build together not moreand the windows of joy shine on usand the doors of foul winds shutur heart beat is my essenceur life is my lifeur path is my pathlong for ur face to protect meprotect me from my inner evil"i think:you've been looking for that "lost poem" for god knows how long...why find it today?? to make my life even more miserable than it already is??why is it always so hard to move on? or is it only so for the weak and vulnerable such as myself?!questions questions questions...i don't have time for this...i have to focus on my studies. (allah yegazy el kan el sabab!!! hehe)


posted by the usual nonsense @ 1:01 am    2 comments 


















 sunday, april 02, 2006 


  physical intimacy..  


here’s another one...they say the first step towards change is acknowledging your problems…and since, as mentioned in my previous post, i’m on this “self transformation” journey…i decided to start acknowledging mine…and boy do i have problems!so to all of you who may be reading this (if there’s any)…get ready for some serious problem acknowledgment!my first issue would be “fear of physical intimacy”…and no i’m not talking about sex-related physical intimacy you pervert! i’m talking about a motherly kiss, a friendly hug, or a brotherly fistfight kind of physical intimacy…so the million dollar question issss…why do i find it so hard to touch people i love and care about and why are they always so hesitant to touch me?am i cold?was i born cold?and if i was sentenced to be born cold, is this some kind of a divine life sentence that i will never be able to appeal against??or is it because my parents never bothered to kiss me goodnight or treat me with a hug unless they were about to travel?do i smell??? (sniff sniff…ok my hair smells a bit funny and i just had some pickled onions so gimme a break will ya!!!)how do you people know if i want or don’t want to be touched and why do you always assume that i don’t want to be touched?! you don’t see me walking around with a freaking fence around me, do you?!!so is it god’s will? is it my imperfect upbringing? is it my funny hair smell? or is it others faulty assumptions?i know there has to be only one million dollar question…but i had to ask them all…somebody has to take the blame afterall dammit!!!!i was recently told that “my fucking pride is keeping me from reaching out for help”…so there you go…i’m stretching them all the way out…please helpppp!sincerely yours,the untouched.


posted by the usual nonsense @ 7:17 pm    1 comments 





















  just for starters..  


ok here u go..my first post..even though i still don’t think i have much to blog about..i decided wht the hell? i should give it a try.happy k`??one thing i feel like sharing at the moment is that i’m about to start a new beginning...a bit of a self transformation if u may..i think i finally managed to go back to my “zero point”…i’m excited, i’m worriless, i’m enjoying it, and i’m planning to suck it all up!so let the festivities begin!!!


posted by the usual nonsense @ 12:42 pm    1 comments 















© 2006 just a thought.. | blogger templates by gecko & fly. 
no part of the content or the blog may be reproduced without permission.  
learn how to make money online  at geckoandfly
first aid and health information at medical health 



 







 

















web



this blog














about me 



 
name: the usual nonsense
home: cairo, egypt
about me: 
see my complete profile 



previous post 



note to self...
wishful thinking...
proud and lovin' it!
grrrrr...
blogthings...
a minor edit...
a lost poem...
physical intimacy..
just for starters..



archives




april 2006
may 2006
june 2006




links



gecko & fly
make money online
blogger templates
internet marketing



affiliates














