




peoplesearch | executive search, recruitment, hr and outplacement services
































en



























home





who we are







about






specialisations






solutions









job search






join us




 

china insights






contact us






blog






the pulse






terms of use


privacy notice
















            your browser does not support the video tag.
        









hr solutions that elevate careers and empower businesses

learn more

























each day, we work with thousands of candidates to place them in their desired job roles and help them build successful careers.
our job search platform connects you to the latest available positions across asia.











select location

























latest job openings   /   view all







senior sales manager (sea / apparel & accessories)
singapore









middleware system engineer
singapore









senior project engineer (a1 building main contractor)
singapore









credit analyst (corporate banking)
singapore


























our consultants have your best interests at heart, so you can rest assured we are committed to helping you achieve your business and career goals.
we each specialise in a specific industry and functional practice. this approach enables us to capitalise on in-depth knowledge, insights and expertise to deliver bespoke recruitment solutions.

our specialisations



















we are with our clients every step of the way to ensure that the bespoke solutions we deliver propel them towards their goals.



lorencz tay
group managing director
peoplesearch group






our consultants are specialists in their respective areas of focus and through our professional network, we gather market intelligence to deliver unparalleled service and value.



lee mei chin
senior team leader
peoplefirst malaysia






we use our proven methods to identify candidates with the right skills and traits to ensure you get the talent you need to take your organisation further. 



jared ng
regional consulting director
peoplesearch hong kong





















be part of a team of dynamic individuals driven by the power to elevate careers and empower businesses.
because of what we do, work is always a labour of love.

join the best hunting team

 












the pulse
all you need to know in one place







three tips for job hunting, and one good book
a lot of times we think we know what we’re doing in the job hunt, and then someone surprises us with...





three tips for job hunting, and one good book
a lot of times we think we know what we’re doing in the job hunt, and then someone surprises us with...





three tips for job hunting, and one good book
a lot of times we think we know what we’re doing in the job hunt, and then someone surprises us with...












© peoplesearch 2025. all rights reserved.
a brand of 








terms of use


privacy notice


















