









home page | terranet





















jump to navigation












about usprofile
feedback form
quality assurance
our network

products




terrapro



dedicated internet
fiber
hdsl




terracasa



adsl
fiber
wireless internet




terraweb



domain registration
email services
hosting
web design & development




terraplus



email filter
internet consulting
parental control







my accountcheck usage
refill using prepaid
refill using credit card
reseller list
track my dsl application

blog & news
supportcustomer care
faq
noc
resellers list
technical info

jobs
webmail









































about us
tomorrow’s internet, today

with the internet growing more complex by the day, you need an internet service that can keep up with the challenges of more content and more data.
terranet helps you conquer that challenge.
fibranet is the new fibre-optics service, giving you a better, faster and more enjoyable online experience. call 1293 today to subscribe and bring home the next generation internet.
find out more








discover the many benefits of terranet



affordability and flexibility
with the introduction of the fibranet fibre-optics service, subscribers can choose from a selection of affordable data plans at high speed. perfect for heavy users, games and streamers. 



professional installation
you don’t have to worry about installing your equipment, it’s all taken care of. a certified terranet and cable 1 team will set up all the components, connecting them to your existing home or office network and test your internet to make sure everything is working fine.



customer assistance
with terranet, expert help is here whenever you need it. every plan includes 24/7 technical support from our customer care & noc departments. if you have any questions about the service or equipment, support is available by phone 1293 or email support@terra.net.lb 




find out more








learn more about us


mission
to be the leading provider of honest internet services that brings people together and takes lebanon from one era to another.
vision
because the internet is no longer a luxury but a basic human right, we believe that everybody should have access to affordable, trustworthy and unlimited internet.


statement
to survive the challenges of today’s cyber world, you don’t have to be the strongest. you need to be the fittest; the one most adaptable to change. that’s why we believe in constant progress versus uneven outbursts of speed. we don’t expect you to understand how the internet works. we just want to you know: it works. leave the technical details to us and feel free to call us geeks. after all, geek is the new trendy. but we both agree: smart solutions are the ones that work.














get in touch now and receive your free consultation









get a free quote
in 2 easy steps
tell us about yourself or call 01-961111 



first name 



last name 



email *



phone number 



company name 



area 


 (if you're a human, don't change the following field)
enter your name 

your first name.

please enable javascript to use this form. (if you're a human, don't change the following field)
enter your name 

your first name.

please enable javascript to use this form. (if you're a human, don't change the following field)
enter your name 

your first name.

please enable javascript to use this form.

























close












1293






join us
                                





about us | 
                                    blog & news | 
                                    support | 
                                    careers





 
                        terranet is the only isp in lebanon to be awarded the iso 9001:2015 certiﬁcation
                    
 


 terranet 2017 © - all rights reserved    |   privacy policy    |    terms and conditions





