














home - pa great lakes











































 
skip to content


 


main menu
about
contact
group trips
visitor guides
 


things to do

spring
summer
fall
winter


places to stay
events

spring events
summer events
fall events
winter events


 


































































































about a million things to do.


an affordable, accessible and fun family getaway.
pennsylvania’s great lakes region is the perfect vacation destination filled with endless opportunities including amusement parks, casinos, museums, shops, scenic byways and trails, vibrant nightlife and culture.
escape to our great outdoors for adventures including boating, fishing, beaching, swimming, hunting, hiking, birding and camping amidst our natural beauty. don’t forget – some of the country’s best shopping can be found here, with no sales tax on clothing or shoes.
learn more











fun things to do & see







great places to stay







events to check out










gather your friends! group travel experiences await
read more








crawford county
crawford county is a place to escape from big cities, traffic and long lines. abundant outdoor activities, eight lakes, pymatuning state park, amusement park and tons of events and attraction to please all ages.

visit website







erie county
pennsylvania’s only port on the great lakes is home to miles of sandy beaches, access to lake erie and presque isle bay, a diverse culinary scene, extensive boutique and chain shopping, and the largest grape-growing region east of the rocky mountains.

visit website







mercer county
in addition to great shopping mercer county is known for outstanding golf packages, relaxing weekends on the wine & brew trail and kayaking and canoeing on the scenic 23 mile shenango river water trail.

visit website







venango county
with more than 65 miles of paved trails and tremendous waterways for boating and fishing, venango county has so much outdoor recreation to offer. as a national heritage area, there is also plenty of history and culture to explore, too.

visit website











pennsylvania'sgreat lakes region

tel: 866-772-5253
send message


















about
contact
group trips
visitor guides


© 2025 pa great lakesprivacy policy














