




    veteran's view
    
































about us |
        advertise |
        contact us






home
classifieds
job search
real estate
travel & leisure
museum guide
school guide
senior guide
local




news




our history in veterans day






history of veterans day
veterans day, formerly known as armistice day, was originally set as a u.s. legal holiday to honor the end of world war i, which officially took place on nov. 11, 1918. in legislation that was passed in 1938, nov. 11 was "dedicated to the cause of world peace and to be hereafter celebrated and known as 'armistice day.'" as such, this new legal holiday honored world war i veterans.
in 1954, after having been through both world war ii and the korean war, the 83rd u.s. congress -- at the urging of veterans service organizations -- amended the act of 1938 by striking out the word "armistice" and inserting the word "veterans." with the approval of this legislation on june 1, 1954, nov. 11 became a day to honor american veterans of all wars.
if the nov. 11 holiday falls on a non-workday -- saturday or sunday -- the holiday is observed by the federal government on monday (if the holiday falls on sunday) or friday (if the holiday falls on saturday). federal government closings are established by the u.s. office of personnel management. state and local government closings are determined locally, and non-government businesses can close or remain open as they see fit, regardless of federal, state or local government operation determinations.
united states senate resolution 143, which was passed on aug. 4, 2001, designated the week of nov. 11 through nov. 17, 2001, as "national veterans awareness week." the resolution calls for educational efforts directed at elementary and secondary school students concerning the contributions and sacrifices of veterans.
things you don't know about veterans day

it's "veterans day," not "veteran's day," for a good reason. the lack of the apostrophe might seem like a semantic choice, but it has a definite and deliberate meaning. according to the u.s. department of veteran affairs, veterans day is not a day that belongs to veterans, it is a day for honoring veterans directly in front of us right now. 
veterans day used to be celebrated on the fourth monday of october. in 1968, congress passed the uniform monday holiday act, which stated that washington's birthday, memorial day, columbus day, and veterans day would all be celebrated on mondays. the reason for doing so was to create three-day weekends, which hopefully encouraged travel and other recreational activities that would help stimulate the economy. however, many states did not agree with the change, particularly for veterans day, which holds significant historic and patriotic significance. and so on sept. 20 1975, president gerald ford signed public law 9497, which returned the observance of veterans day to nov. 11, beginning in 1978.
armistice day became veterans day in 1954. although today we all know it as veterans day. nov. 11 was originally called "armistice day" in recognition of the armistice agreement that ended wwi on nov. 11, 1918. while wwi was called "the war to end all wars," it failed to do just that. by the early 1950s, millions of americans had served in wwii in the korean war. so, in an attempt to be more inclusive and honor this younger generation of veterans service, armistice day was changed to veterans day on june 1, 1954.

 
 


read full story





remembering pearl harbor 80 years later








with the ‘greatest generation’ passing away, we must never forget one of their defining moments
december 07, 2021



 


 washington — on this day 80 years ago, the sleeping giant was violently awakened. america in 1941 was working on itself. following the end of the great depression in 1939, americans were just beginning their economic recovery and had returned to their isolationist stance on foreign affairs. even though they were upset with the carnage ravishing europe and asia, they did not have the appetite for another world war. the enormous loss of life from the one-two punch of the great war and the 1918 pandemic was still fresh in the collective memory of the country. but as the old adage goes, you don’t always have to go looking for a fight, sometimes the fight comes looking for you.




 
on sunday morning, december 7, 1941, just before 8 a.m., japanese forces launched a devastating surprise attack on u.s. naval base at pearl harbor near honolulu, hawaii. it was a thoroughly planned and executed assault on the u.s. navy’s pacific fleet, sinking or severely damaging 19 ships and destroying or damaging more than 300 aircraft. while sailors, soldiers and marines stationed there fought valiantly, there was no way to counter the tremendous onslaught. in all, more than 3,500 american men and women were killed or wounded. the 2,403 killed would be the largest single day loss of american life in an attack on the unites states for the next 60 years.
by the time president roosevelt had delivered his famous “infamy” speech less than 24 hours after the first bombs fell on the island of oahu, the japanese had already formally declared war on the united states and the british empire and attacked malaysia, hong kong, guam, wake island, the philippines and midway. there were also reports of american ships being attacked along shipping routes between hawaii and the california coast. three days later, nazi germany declared war on the united states. no longer could the u.s. keep a safe distance from the second world war raging on the other sides of the atlantic and pacific. the war kicked in our nation’s front door and it was time for americans to wake up and fight for freedom. 
it is estimated 234 wwii veterans die each day and in 10 years, they will nearly all be gone. the death of retired u.s. senator and wwii veteran bob dole this past weekend is a stark reminder that we don’t have much time left with them. that’s why we must take the time to hear their stories, preserve their legacy and honor their sacrifices. 
on this national pearl harbor remembrance day, the veterans of foreign wars (vfw) encourages everyone to take a moment to remember the 2,403 victims tragically lost in the attack, and remember the defining moment when brave young american men and women rose up to defend our nation, help liberate the world from tyranny and become “the greatest generation.”




read full story





'women veteran boot camp accelerator' empowers entrepreneurs






washington — the department of veterans affairs and the penfed foundation brought together 80 women veteran entrepreneurs for a six-month accelerator program, july 13 that would prepare them for sustainability and growth in federal and commercial marketplaces.
participants came from 29 states and are va center for verification and evaluation verified, have three to five years in business and have past performance as a prime or subcontractor.
“it’s important we provide an environment where women entrepreneurs can receive strategic and deliberate education, empowerment, engagement and access to enhance their businesses,” said va office of small and disadvantaged business utilization executive director sharon ridley. "through entrepreneurship, women veterans have an opportunity to leverage their military and leadership skills to increase and create economic opportuites.”
classes are focused on relationship building, product/market analysis, business development and growth preparation. participants meet in small groups and receive coaching from industry leaders such as astrazeneca and halfaker & associates and optumserve.
the program culminates with a pitch competition in october. the participant with the winning pitch will receive a penfed foundation grant to be used to grow their business.
“we have a shared goal: to empower women veterans and create access to capital and system to support them,” said penfed foundation president and retired u.s. army gen. john w. nicholson, jr. “we believe in creating a business ecosystem that establishes service in the u.s. military as the most reliable pathway to successful entrepreneurship."
learn more about the veteran entrepreneur investment program. learn more about va’s mission to empower and educate women veteran entrepreneurs for success and economic opportunities at the office of small and disadvantaged business utilization.


read full story





va awards $418 million in grants to help veterans and families at risk of homelessness






washington — the department of veterans affairs awarded $418 million in grants to more than 260 non-profit organizations in june, allowing low-income veteran families around the nation to access services under the supportive services for veteran families program.
ssvf grantees are authorized to use the funds to rapidly re-house veterans who become homeless or to prevent veterans from becoming homeless.
“as a result of va’s supportive services for veteran families program and other housing assistance efforts, veteran homelessness has been cut in half since the launch of 2010’s federal strategic plan to prevent and end homelessness,” said va secretary denis mcdonough. “since then, hundreds of thousands of veterans and their families have been placed into permanent housing or prevented from falling into homelessness by va’s homelessness programs and targeted housing vouchers provided by the department of housing and urban development.”
ssvf grantees are in all 50 states, the district of columbia, guam, puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands. through partnerships with va and community programs, ssvf provides eligible veteran families with outreach, case management and assistance obtaining va and other benefits, which can include health care, financial planning, childcare, legal and fiduciary payee assistance, transportation, housing counseling and other services.
helping veterans in need of permanent housing remains a critical priority for va. in fiscal year 2020, va served 112,070 participants, including 77,590 veterans and 19,919 children through the ssvf program.
this year’s grant recipients successfully competed under a notice of fund availability published november 19, 2020. the funding will support ssvf services from october 1, 2021 through september 30, 2022. 
learn more about the ssvf program.


read full story





dress for success: non-profit helps women veterans find new jobs






(vantage point)
transitioning from active duty to the private sector is jarring for many veterans. as many as 27% of veterans struggle with adjusting to civilian life according to the pew research center. this can be particularly difficult for female veterans, but va and other private sector organizations are stepping up to support these women. one organization, dress for success austin (dfsa), provides a network of professional support, business attire and development tools to help all women thrive in work and life.
dfsa and its affiliates across the country have three programs for any woman who would like career development assistance:

suiting – work with women to choose an interview outfit and provide guidance and support for the upcoming interview.
career advancement – support and assist women in identifying and striving towards their professional and personal goals. includes mapping out the future through financial planning.
leadership training – teach women to advance their careers and give back to their communities.

one former veteran, jessica kirkham, recently landed a job at tiktok using dress for success resources, a career change after working for a combined five years as a cryptologic linguist in the navy and for the nsa.

“i was led to dfsa while attending a veteran transition seminar hosted by the texas veterans commission,” kirkham said. “i was looking for guidance on translating my military experience into something civilian recruiters and hiring managers would understand, and dfsa’s bridge the gap for women veterans program helped me do exactly that. they also set me up with my mentor, summer mcafee, and she helped steer me in the right direction with numerous phone calls and zoom sessions, through which we polished and perfected my resume and interviewing skills.
“with support from organizations like dress for success, people of all ages and stages can build the confidence and soft skills they need to land their dream job,” she added. “veterans bring strong leadership skills, discipline and other critical competencies to companies in the private sector. dress for success austin and breakline (a nonprofit in san francisco) helped build my confidence and readiness to bring my authentic self to the private sector, specifically to tiktok.”
if you or someone you know is interested or would benefit from working with dfsa or any of its affiliates, you can find their contact information at: https://austin.dressforsuccess.org/contact/.
dfsa exclusively supports women, but there are other organizations like career gear that provide similar services for men actively seeking employment. they can be contacted at: info@careergear.org.
to see more information like this, subscribe to vetresources, visit: https://www.va.gov/vetresources/.
social media:
dress for success austin

facebook: @dfsaustin
instagram: @dressforsuccessatx
twitter: @dfsaustintx
youtube

dress for success worldwide:

facebook: @dressforsuccess
twitter: @dressforsuccess
instagram: @dressforsuccess
youtube
linkedin: @dress-for-success-worldwide

the sharing of any non-va information does not constitute an endorsement of products and services on the part of va.

ian lacy is a communications specialist in va’s veterans experience office. 


read full story





uniting to combat hunger targets 1 million meal goal for 2021






(vfw magazine)
kansas city, mo. – the veterans of foreign wars (vfw) and humana inc. (nyse: hum) are proud to announce they are teaming up with the nation’s largest domestic hunger-relief organization, feeding america®, to kick off the start of the 2021 “uniting to combat hunger” campaign.
 
established in 2018, the “uniting to combat hunger” campaign was created to raise awareness of food insecurity, which 1 in 8 people may experience in america and 1 in 4 iraq and afghanistan war veterans are affected by this.
 
while the pandemic and social-distancing guidelines have made it difficult for the vfw and humana to host food drives or gleanings, this year’s campaign goal is to help provide 1,000,000 meals* to communities in need. every dollar donated to feeding america helps provide at least 10 meals to people facing hunger, and all “uniting to combat hunger” donations received will go directly to support local feeding america member food banks across the nation.
 
“the economic fallout from the coronavirus pandemic continues to impact communities across america. as a result, 42 million people, including 13 million children, may face hunger in 2021,” said vice president of corporate partnerships at feeding america lauren biedron. “we are grateful to humana and the vfw for continuing their commitment to help provide meals for communities experiencing food insecurity through the ‘uniting to combat hunger’ campaign.”
 
“humana’s unwavering commitment to veterans and their families includes enabling access to food in the communities where they live, said ed sandrick, humana veterans channel director. “we’re honored to join vfw and feeding america in fighting food insecurity and helping veterans achieve their best health.”
 
“the past year has been increasingly difficult for our military and veteran families, and even more desperate for those already fighting to put food on the table,” said vfw national commander hal roesch. “it is unbearable to think our brave servicemen and women who have sacrificed so much already in service to their nation, would struggle to find their next meal. together with humana and feeding america, i know we can make a tremendous difference in their lives, and others like them.”
 
the “uniting to combat hunger” campaign officially kicks off today, and will run through the end of the year. help provide meals to families facing hunger and donate today at feedingamerica.org/utch. to find out more about the “uniting to combat hunger” campaign and what you can do to help in the fight against food insecurity, visit vfw.org/utch.
 
-vfw-
 
[1]feeding america. 2021. “the impact of the coronavirus on food insecurity.” url: https://www.feedingamerica.org/sites/default/files/2021-03/national%20projections%20brief_3.9.2021_0.pdf
 
*one million meal equivalent includes financial donations raised by utch 6/1/2021-12/31/2021 using national and local food bank meal equivalent calculations. national meal claim: $1 helps provide at least 10 meals secured by feeding america® on behalf of local member food banks. local food bank meal claims vary by organization.
 
about the veterans of foreign wars: the veterans of foreign wars of the u.s. is the nation's largest and oldest major war veterans’ organization. founded in 1899, the congressionally chartered vfw is comprised entirely of eligible veterans and military service members from the active, guard and reserve forces. with more than 1.5 million vfw and auxiliary members located in over 6,000 posts worldwide, the nonprofit veterans service organization is proud to proclaim “no one does more for veterans” than the vfw, which is dedicated to veterans’ service, legislative advocacy, and military and community service programs. for more information or to join, visit our website at vfw.org.
 
about humana: humana inc. is committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well-being and lower costs. our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large.
to accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools – such as in-home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions – combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective.
more information regarding humana is available to investors via the investor relations page of the company’s web site at www.humana.com, including copies of:
 

annual reports to stockholders
securities and exchange commission filings
most recent investor conference presentations
quarterly earnings news releases and conference calls
calendar of events
corporate governance information

 
about feeding america: feeding america® is the largest hunger-relief organization in the united states. through a network of 200 food banks and 60,000 food pantries and meal programs, we provide meals to more than 40 million people each year. feeding america also supports programs that prevent food waste and improve food security among the people we serve; educates the public about the problem of hunger; and advocates for legislation that protects people from going hungry. visit www.feedingamerica.org, find us on facebook or follow us on twitter.


read full story





bridge my return: veteran voices in the workplace






(vantage point)
businesses come in all shapes and sizes, and while many provide varied services in different industries, many also share one similar view: they want to hire veterans. this is what i know, but as the founder of bridge my return (bmr), a free, military hiring platform, i asked several of our employer partners why they hire veterans. and then i talked to veterans themselves about what this means to them.
here’s what i found out from these veteran voices in the workplace.
as an employer, why does hiring veterans matter to you?

“the thing my mind keeps focusing on is the skills we are looking for in a solid new hire. so many of them are most commonly met with a veteran status. intangibles like honor and integrity are vital as we are doing work in people’s homes or businesses. customer service and a willingness to help others are on the top of the list. compassion and empathy… and i could go on and on.” chris kushmaul, disabled veteran, franchise owner, restoration 1
“veterans are highly capable of learning and working under pressure, which is all too common during the peak season for our business. plus, veterans have worked next to individuals of all races, genders, ethnic backgrounds, religions, and physical capabilities throughout their military careers. they usually bring that same sensitivity to the civilian workplace.” teresa fiduccia, manager of recruitment and retention at american residential services (ars).
“newday usa is a leading va mortgage company. we see the practicality of hiring veterans. nobody knows the unique challenges veterans face to buying a home better than veterans themselves.” rear admiral tom lynch, executive chairman, newday usa.
“former military leaders bring leadership, focus, loyalty and self-discipline to their practice, and these are the most common characteristics of successful financial representatives. they are passionate about helping people achieve financial security with integrity and character, and that’s at the core of what we do.” billye survis, northwestern mutual.
similar to northwestern mutual financial, technology start-up origin8 is building its business with a sturdy veteran foundation. “our advocate role requires skills such as social perceptiveness, building rapport, service orientation, discipline, enthusiasm and active learning,” says co-founder mike corey, a vietnam veteran. “we’re not looking for industry experience; rather, we seek employees who possess these traits and we see them in veterans. we’re excited to add hundreds of veterans to our team – working virtually in an environment of community and security.”
blackstone – and the portfolio of 200 companies in which they have invested – take pride in the 90,000+ veterans, spouses and caregivers they’ve hired to date. “our ongoing commitment to hiring, developing and retaining these individuals is rooted in our firm’s appreciation of their service to our country and in the adaptability, ingenuity, determination and resilience they demonstrate on a daily basis in the private sector, from front-line operational roles to c-level leadership positions.” jason santamaria, managing director blackstone and marine corps veteran.

as a veteran, what does it mean to join an organization with an honest commitment to hiring and retaining military talent?

“after a career serving in the infantry, i struggled with finding the right fit after i transitioned to civilian life. i didn’t know it then, but now realize i was searching for that familiar feeling of camaraderie and pride. organizations led by or supported by actual veterans understand that and allow it to strengthen their business.” gabe arreola, operations manager at restoration 1.
“when i see our efforts and actions – both large and small – those feelings of inclusion and belonging i had in the army come back to life. like others, i am encouraged to offer my thoughts and it’s so uplifting when i see them put in motion.” joshua will, division recruiter at ars.
“we say ‘ship, shipmate, self.’ at the core, it means we put our customers and teammates ahead of ourselves.” alexander lee hess, newday usa.
“i could get behind a company that has the same morals, convictions, duty and honor that i do, and that meant a lot to me.” pete martinez, financial representative, northwestern mutual.
“the veteran community here at blackstone was supportive throughout the entire recruiting process and was a major factor in my decision to join the team. since joining, blackstone has also supported my non-profit mobile app, refervets.org, which helps connect veterans with companies like blackstone who understand the value of our veteran community.” kevin kennedy, svp in cybersecurity, blackstone.

bridge my return is a series of stories
we believe we are a series of stories. the interconnected lives of veterans, military-ready employers and veteran support organizations comprise and reflect a collaborative adventure. we’re your bridge to career, community and character. we invite you to join bridge my return in this adventure. to get started, click here.
website: www.bridgemyreturn.com
contact us: info@bridgemyreturn.com
also feel free to check out this video that summarizes our mission.
(1) northwestern mutual is the marketing name for the northwestern mutual life insurance company (nm) and its subsidiaries. nm and its subsidiaries are in milwaukee, wi. northwestern mutual financial representatives are independent contractors whose income is based solely on production.
the sharing of any non-va information does not constitute an endorsement of products and services on the part of va.


read full story





va to readjudicate veteran and survivor claims for possible herbicide exposure






washington — veterans who were previously denied service connection for an herbicide related presumptive condition due to lack of in-country vietnam service will have their claims automatically readjudicated by va.
the department began readjudicating claims in april for veterans who served in the offshore waters of the republic of vietnam during the vietnam war but were denied for one or more herbicide related conditions, on the basis that military service was not performed on the landmass of the republic of vietnam or on its inland waterways.
“readjudication means va will review the evidence of record and provide replacement decisions in the cases of veterans who were previously denied service connection benefits,” said acting va under secretary for benefits thomas murphy. “we have the proper resources in place to meet the needs of our veteran community and will ensure all eligible veterans’ and their survivors’ claims are examined thoroughly and fairly.”
the review also applies to eligible survivors of deceased vietnam-era veterans and is part of the veterans benefits administration’s implementation of the nov. 5, 2020, u.s. district court for the northern district of california order in nehmer vs. u.s. department of veterans affairs, requiring va to readjudicate previously denied claims.
va will determine if benefits for qualifying disabilities can now be paid retroactively to the date of previously denied claims. the court’s decision requires automatic readjudication in such cases without requiring a new claim, and potentially paying benefits to the survivors or estates of deceased beneficiaries. more information is available regarding va disability benefits based on agent orange exposure.


read full story





biden awards 'long overdue' medal of honor to retired col. ralph puckett jr.






(stars and stripes)
washington – president joe biden and president moon jae-in of south korea commended the actions friday of col. ralph puckett jr., a korean war veteran who was awarded the medal of honor in a ceremony at the white house.
before awarding puckett the medal friday, biden described him as “true american hero” for whom the recognition was long overdue.
“korea is sometimes called the forgotten war, but those men who were there under then-lieutenant puckett’s command never forgot his bravery,” biden said. “they never forgot he was right by their side every minute of it.”
puckett, 94, earned the medal for actions he took more than 70 years ago, in november 1950. as a young first lieutenant in the korean war, puckett commanded the eighth army ranger company during a mission to seize “hill 205” and defend it against a series of assaults by the chinese. he risked his life multiple times to draw enemy fire, call for artillery strikes, check the perimeter and deliver ammunition to his soldiers.
he was wounded three times during the attack by a hand grenade and mortar rounds. two of his soldiers carried him off the hill as the company evacuated, despite puckett’s orders for them to leave him behind.
moon, who visited washington this week to show the strength of the alliance between the two countries, thanked puckett and all american veterans who fought in the korean war for helping bring about democracy in south korea.
“earlier, col. puckett told me that when he was in korea, it was absolutely destroyed. that was true,” moon said. “but from the ashes of the korean war, we rose. we came back, and that was thanks to the korean war veterans who fought for korea’s peace and freedom.”
biden and moon said they believed the event marked the first time a foreign leader had ever attended a medal of honor ceremony. as moon approached puckett to shake his hand, puckett embraced the south korean leader in a hug.










president joe biden presents the medal of honor to retired u.s. army col. ralph puckett, in the east room of the white house, friday, may 21, 2021.alex brandon/ap

puckett was brought into the east room of the white house in a wheelchair, but as he stood to receive the medal of honor, he pushed aside the walker that was set in front of him. after the medal was placed around his neck, biden welcomed puckett’s family to the stage, as well as master sgt. merle simpson, a ranger who had served under puckett in the battle of hill 205.
“i understand that your first response to us hosting this event was to ask, ‘why all the fuss? can’t they just mail it to me?’” biden said. “col. puckett, your lifetime of service to our nation deserves a little bit of fuss.”
puckett earned a distinguished service cross for his actions at hill 205. more than 50 years later, col. john locke, a retired ranger, spearheaded the effort to upgrade puckett’s distinguished service cross to a medal of honor.
locke came across information about the battle of hill 205 while writing a book about the history of the army rangers. locke believed that the number of times puckett risked his life during the battle should’ve earned him the country’s highest military honor.
with the assistance of sen. john mccain, r-ariz., locke succeeded in the pursuit after 18 years of appealing to army boards. puckett’s son, thomas, said his dad was often reluctant throughout the years about whether to keep pursuing the medal.
“there was definitely resistance on my dad’s part,” thomas puckett said. “he’s extremely modest. he was only convinced to continue by the fact that it wasn’t just for him, it was for his men. he said, ‘well, in that case let’s keep trying.’”
when speaking to reporters thursday, puckett credited his soldiers for earning the medal.

“the people who earned that medal are the eighth army rangers … who did more than i asked and did the best they could,” puckett said. “i want them to know they’re the ones who did the job. they did the fighting, and they’re the ones who deserve the credit.”

puckett’s wife, jean martin, as well as their son, daughter and six grandchildren, attended the ceremony at the white house on friday. locke had kept the family updated over the past 18 years about his efforts to secure puckett the medal of honor. during that time, they all hoped it would be decided while puckett was still living.
“my mom kept saying, ‘i just want to get him there and have him feel that medal around his neck,’” said his daughter, martha puckett wilcoxon. “we were concerned due to his age and health that it might not happen soon enough.”
on thursday, wilcoxon said she expected to be emotional at the ceremony, especially seeing her mother and father there together. the couple met just weeks after the battle of hill 205 when martin, a high school senior at the time, accompanied a friend to visit puckett in the hospital at fort benning in georgia. they were married exactly two years after the battle.
the ceremony friday marked what wilcoxon described as one of the “final chapters of their military love life.”
“i’ve watched my mother nurse my father back to health quite a few times,” wilcoxson said. “i’ve seen her helping him get ready for this whole thing, and i think it’s very touching that they can share this together. it’s just a beautiful story.”
puckett served in the army for 22 years, including combat service in the vietnam war. he retired in 1971 but continued to volunteer as a speaker and mentor to countless rangers throughout the decades. puckett and his wife live in columbus, ga., near fort benning, and he still attends nearly every ranger graduation and other army events.


read full story





'it’s an honor to serve my country'






'i am the vfw because it allows me to give back to the community, and the vfw affords so many opportunities and ways in which this can be done'
(vfw)
lt. cmdr. khalifah glover is #stillserving by caring for covid-19 patients and training others to provide medical assistance. she joined the u.s. navy reserves in 2011 and was deployed to afghanistan in 2014-2015 as a critical care combat nurse working at a nato hospital. she believes it prepared her to fight the virus.
“when the pandemic hit new york city, within 24 hours of receiving the call of duty, i volunteered for the nyc navy medicine support team as a critical care nurse,” glover stated.
“i assumed the role of intensive care unit team leader for the day shift at bellevue hospital, a level 1 trauma center. this role required collaboration with and mentorship of six nurses.”
from april 6 through june 1 of 2020, glover provided 264 hours of direct patient care and oversaw more than 1,500 patient care hours that involved aspects of nursing care and interventions provided to 15 patients each day. she is now assistant officer in charge of operation commanding force 2021.
“operation commanding force is a navy reserve-led exercise with army and coast guard participation,” said glover.
“the primary focus of this joint exercise is medical emergency care training to include casualty treatment and movement from point of injury through the entire continuum of care…participation in this medical exercise will provide necessary training to ensure readiness for mobilization.”
glover is a life member of vfw post 416 in williamsville, new york. she feels the vfw has strengthened her desire to live a life of service and is grateful for the chance to help others as a member.
“the vfw is an organization for war veterans who have served and continue to serve our country. this is why i’m proud to say ‘i am the vfw,’” glover said.
“i am the vfw because it allows me to give back to the community, and the vfw affords so many opportunities and ways in which this can be done.”
glover knows not everyone would respond to the pandemic or other emergencies by volunteering to serve on the front lines, but she says she can’t help but do so.
“i take pride in directly contributing to the success of the mission,” stated glover.
“i do it because it’s my calling and duty. it’s an honor to serve my country.”
to find out more about the vfw's #stillserving campaign or to share your story, visit vfw.org/stillserving.


read full story









‹

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
...
92
93

›











news
disabled veterans
from our sponsors
health issues
jobs
museum news
opinion
state news


newsletter 
subscribe to our newsletter 














"recommend a business or service that you feel should be on our website." 


            recommend
        




victoria coleto lake rv resort 



vv online magazine spring & summer 2024 



connections learning center 



quality carriers, inc 










 


click here


 museum guide 





 tv program 





on twitter  





on facebook  









copyright © 2025 veteran's view. all rights reserved.






