     seattle ford dealer in seattle wa | bothell edmonds redmond ford dealership washington                                                      pierre auto group        pierre ford of seattle 877-409-7168    pierre ford of lynnwood 877-409-0769       11525 lake city way n.eseattle, wa 98125-5327                                service        map        contact                      pierre auto group           call 877-409-7168   directions                       new vehicles   new inventory   value your trade   schedule test drive     pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles     finance   finance   finance application   payment calculator     service & parts   service department   service locations     about us   our group   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   about pierre ford of lynnwood    about pierre ford of seattle   contact us     our locations                    home   new vehicles   new inventory   value your trade   schedule test drive     pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles     finance   finance   finance application   payment calculator     service & parts   service department   service locations     about us   our group   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   about pierre ford of lynnwood    about pierre ford of seattle   contact us     our locations          








 
inventory search
    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


scroll down


     search new inventory     search used inventory        





finance

it's quick, easy, and convenient. apply for financing and get pre-approved today.
go 










new inventory

check out our newest inventory offers.

go 










trade

what's your car worth? receive the best value for your trade-in vehicle.
go 





     
select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




     

 welcome to
 pierre auto group
we appreciate you taking the time today to visit our web site. our goal is to give you an interactive tour of our new and used inventory, as well as allow you to conveniently get a quote, schedule a service appointment, or apply for financing. at our dealership, we have devoted ourselves to helping and serving our customers to the best of our ability. we believe the cars we offer are the highest quality and ideal for your life needs. 
more about us


      
       experience customer service that makes a difference
purchasing the right vehicle is step number one in responsible car ownership. at pierre auto group, our expert technicians are standing by to provide you with the best quality care for your vehicle. visit our locations and see what sets pierre auto group apart. we're 100% confident that you will have a great experience and want to become a part of our wonderful family of happy customers.


our financing will make the buying process easy
whether you're choosing between a sedan, suv or a van, it can take a lot of time and numerous test drives, but at pierre auto group, it's good to know that financing is easy.
the finance department works with a variety of lenders to find you the best possible rates. in fact, you can even fill out our convenient online application directly on our website, without ever having to visit the dealerships.


you can trust and rely on quality customer service
at pierre auto group, you're family from the moment you walk in. whether you search our new and used inventory online or you prefer to do your shopping in store, you'll encounter quality service at every turn.




pierre auto group


directions



contact us





                               copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | pierre auto group | 11525 lake city way n.e, seattle, wa 98125-5327 | pierre ford of seattle: 877-409-7168 |                

















       