
























unlocking the south's full potential. | south arts













      skip to main content
    





south arts

menu
    





south arts



main navigation


about


staff and board of directors


careers


logo & brand guide


annual reports




grants & opportunities


programs


dplan|artsready


in these mountains


documentation


emerging traditional artists program


field work collection (berea college)


folk arts education


in these mountains: infrastructure grants


in these mountains: project grants


mentor artist and apprentice teams




jazz road


jazz road tours


jazz road tours - faq


jazz road creative residencies


jazz road creative residencies - faq


contact jazz road


resources for jazz artists




momentum


information for presenters


dance touring initiative


dance touring initiative - touring history






national leaders of color fellowship


professional development


southern circuit tour of independent filmmakers


southern cultural treasures


southern prize and state fellowships for visual arts: touring exhibition




conferences


creative placemaking summit


folklife in the south


agenda and session leaders


registration


travel and accommodations


financial support for attending


policies, health, and safety






resources


accessibility


grant portal logins


grant & fellowship recipients


how to obtain a uei (unique entity identifier)


state partner and presenter networks


southern arts relief & recovery fund








header navigation


events


news


contact


support us


















investing in creativity.
south arts focuses on sustainability, momentum, and impact as we work to advance southern vitality through the arts.


















 



opportunities
upcoming grants and opportunities for artists and arts organizations.
subscribe to our newsletter to be notified when new opportunities are posted!







get the latest south arts updates.
enter your email address below to receive information from south arts.

email





south arts
          
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.















            deadline: february 14, 2025
      



southern arts relief & recovery fund


the southern arts relief & recovery fund provides $500 relief stipends to artists residing in the fema disaster areas of florida, georgia, south carolina, tennessee, and virginia who have been impacted by hurricanes helene and milton.







            deadline: march 5th, 2025
      



jazz road tours


jazz artists, take your music to places it's never been. jazz road tours offer grants of up to $15,000 to develop tours into communities across the country.







            deadline: march 5, 2025
      



accessibility grants


grants of up to $2,500 for organizations to make arts programs accessible to persons with disabilities.








see all grants and opportunities








            programs
      







            artsready
      

            
            learn how readiness planning can prepare your organization for any emergency.
      
        









            jazz road
      

            
            a national initiative supporting jazz artists to build tours and explore their work.
      
        









            in these mountains
      

            
            preserving and perpetuating the folk and traditional arts of central appalachia.
      
        















            momentum
      

            
            facilitating the presentation and touring of modern dance and contemporary ballet throughout the south.
      
        









            southern circuit tour of independent filmmakers
      

            
            connecting indie filmmakers with audiences across the south.
      
        









            southern cultural treasures
      

            
            a new, multi-year program supporting bipoc-led and -serving arts and cultural organizations with grants of up to $300,000, networks to support growth, and more.
      
        











            professional development
      







            national leaders of color fellowship
      

            
            a professional development and networking opportunity for arts and cultural workers of color.
      
        









            creative placemaking summit
      

            
            the creative placemaking summit was held march 5-8, 2024 in atlanta, ga! thank you to all our sponsors and partners.
      
        









            webinars and workshops
      

            
            south arts is committed to supporting arts professionals in their growth at any stage in their career.
      
        









stories






south arts announces new recovery fund as relief fund deadline nears
 
    

  
      
              new $2,000 recovery grants continue support for individual artists affected by hurricanes helen and milton


      
    









get involved with advocating for arts and culture in your state!
 
    

  
      
              connect with your statewide arts advocacy organization and join your peers in voicing support for the arts.


      
    









south arts announces fall 2024 jazz road artists
 
    

  
      
              ten jazz artists and ensembles awarded up to $15,000 to develop tours into communities across the country


      
    









south arts announces winter 2025 grant cycles
 
    

  
      
              applications open for accessibility & jazz initiatives, directly support artists and arts organizations


      
    







see all stories





south arts' 2024 annual report
reflect back with us on the artists, organizations, and communities from the south arts family that made our fiscal year 2024 remarkable.
read our 2024 annual report




            support south arts
      

            make a gift today and help south arts in our mission of advancing southern vitality through the arts.
      

donate today

close












      south arts
    


footer menu


careers


terms of use


privacy policy





south arts logo



get the latest south arts updates.
be the first to know about arts and culture events, conferences, and grant opportunities happening in the southeast.


sign up for our email newsletter



south arts is funded in part by the national endowment for the arts as well as other public and private sources.

national endowment for the arts logo
the andrew w. mellon foundation
doris duke charitable foundation logo







facebook
linkedin
instagram


      © 2025 south arts. all rights reserved.      website by
        cyberwoven












