






home - engrave-a-crete
































 
 
 
 





        
  

home  what is decorative concrete engraving about us  directions testimonials engrave-a-crete | missouri accommodations     products  tools  engraving saws the cobra mongoose x mongoose 3 | decorative concrete engraving saw kaleidocrete / wasp / barracuda lil’ beaver engraver   stains and sealers  concrete stains sealers  interior sealers exterior sealers   epoxy metallic epoxy pigment-liquid nebula cleaners and degreasers tech data   metallic epoxy templates scorpion side pointer system linear tracking system overlay surface prep  surface prep chemicals surface prep accessories   marketing tools  s.a.l.e.s. software idea book poster pictures custom brochures     business opportunities  your future starts here safety grooving   inspiration / videos  pictures video gallery   resources  engrave-a-crete contractor locator financing information faq  faqs terms and conditions is this right for artists?   tech faq blog tips of the trade idea book find a distributor become a distributor architectural specs downloads   shop tool rental program menu

                    
   shop now   a one-stop shop for all your decorative concrete needs.   
   tools   put the design in, not on, the concrete with our innovative, precision-crafted tools.   
   stains   make concrete jaw-dropping beautiful with concrete resurrection stains, dyes & sealers.   
   overlay   for stable concrete that needs a face lift.   
   templates   standard or custom templates for unique installations.   
   contractor locator     
   gallery   see what others have done using engrave-a-crete tools & products.   
   videos    see engrave-a-crete in action.   
   business opportunities   transform existing concrete. not a franchise, no territories, earn the profit you deserve.   
   distibutors   worldwide distributors for concrete resurrection and engrave-a-crete.   
   tech data & downloads   important information you need to know.   
   what is concrete engraving?   everything you’ve always wanted to know about concrete engraving.   
   leasing   leasing companies we work with.   
   blog   read the latest news, profiles and how-tos.                 my brand from now onengrave-a-crete and concrete resurrection stains & sealers are my brand from now on. i just finished a large, tough job. first, because it was close by, i tried another brand of stain. it was a wreck and i ended up getting concrete resurrection wrc stain. then, the close by sealer didn’t work either. i finished with concrete resurrection sealer. while the customer rated the results an eleven on a scale of 1 to 10, i wasn’t happy with myself for causing unintentional delays for the customer and a great deal of extra work for me. all through this experiment, brandon and chris generously gave me the tech support that is one more best thing about engrave-a-crete. thank you!troy brown, artizan concrete engraving, pennsylvaniabusiness is greatthank you guys for excellent products and customer service. we have been in business for about a year and a half now and business is great. we started as two guys and a trailer working nights and weekends. currently we have eight employees and will soon open a 3600 sf showroom / distribution center and plan to start doing training in the near future.
you guys have really helped us out and we try to do the same for you. we have sent three guys your way and they have all bought trailers.
thanks again for your great work!tom jackson, exquisite concrete designs, lp, texasonce you use them, you just have to have themi absolutely love your tools. they are essential to my art. once i bought your tools, the opportunities, ideas and possibilities became endless. as i told steven, “once you use them, you just have to have them!” your tools are so essential to what i do, that i have had to purchase another wasp as my tools will not return from the show until the 5th of feb. i have a job with art this week. no problem there. i did not even think twice. your tools are brilliant, easy to use and the results are unbelievable. i can not wait to see what you come up with next!
thank you again.shellie rigsbymy favorite tools are made by engrave-a-crete.engraving is a key piece to the future of concrete design. my favorite tools are made by engrave-a-crete.rick lobdell, concrete mystique engraving, tennesseethe easiest i have ever cut concretei have been doing concrete for twenty two years. and doing decorative for 10 years. this is the easiest i have ever cut concrete and the best and cleanest sand blasting equipment i’ve used.mikel m.doing rather well with the businesshave been doing rather well with the business. real damn busy right now with no relief in sight. hope all is good with you and the kind folks at engrave-a-crete. we’re just about ready to order that second trailer but not quite there yet.lonnie & sylvi, coloradothey clearly believe in what they doit was clear from the beginning that the staff at engrave-a-crete knows their stuff. the products they sell are second to none. it is clear they are the industry leader in providing products that are durable and easy to use. they clearly believe in what they do and stand behind their products.john steinman, new mexicoyou just can’t beat engrave-a-crete.i having been using engrave-a-crete products for a little over a year now and i have achieved outstanding results thus far. having the water reducible concentrate (wrc) concrete stain in my “tool bag” enables me to offer a near endless color spectrum which i feel differentiates me from others in my area doing concrete staining. although their acid (rac) stains are second to none in my book, the wrc stains allow me to meet the needs and desires of even the most finicky customers. add to that, the staff at engrave-a-crete are always just a phone call away — ready, willing and definitely able to assist me with even the most unique situations i have encountered. i am a part-timer, therefore i really only do this on weekends and in my spare time. and although i have attended the seminar i occasionally refer back to my training by reviewing the excellent online videos these guys make available. great products, unmatched customer support and a great online video source — all from a family owned and operated business that treats you like family.in my opinion, you just can’t beat engrave-a-crete.chuck landry, breaux bridge, la
 connect with us  engrave-a-crete, inc. 403 oak avenue mansfield, mo 65704 1-800-884-2114products tools concrete stain & dye cleaners & degreasers concrete sealers overlays templates & stencils business opportunities faq   faq tech support faq what is concrete engraving? terms and conditions resources   blog contractor locator decorative concrete artists downloads tips of the trade videos leasing information  architectural specs about us   about us directions accommodations distributors  engrave-a-crete ©2025contact us   
      location:
engrave-a-crete, inc.
403 n. oak ave.
mansfield, mo 65704
1-417-924-2300 - local phone
1-417-924-2500 - local fax

phone numbers:
inside the usa: 1-800 884-2114
outside the usa: 1-417-924-2300

email us:

your name (required)



your email (required)



subject



your message

















































