



	vrc pro - rc racing simulator



















login       register




not logged on.






download
 about vrc

e-shop

support

















69 members now online     19672 guests now online
			



vrc news

events

series

rankings

 

forums

tracks

components

accessories

clubs

community

 

tips

replays

photos

videos


















welcome to vrc pro










*you get 10 cars & 10 tracks for free














276973 registered members           25+ cars total           675+ car parts           75+ world class tracks           40+ industry partners support it





























sign-up
physics
cars&tracks
racing services
usb adaptor
requirements
testimonials
partners













*you get 10 cars and 10 tracks for free


registration & download
step 1. sign up for a free account
step 2. download & install vrc-pro
step 3. race for free (free-2-play)

					-	unlimited racing
					-	non-stop practice
					-	all game features
					-	online community
					-	internet multiplayer
					-	online race events & series
					



vrc usb adaptor
- race vrc-pro with your own radio
					-	works with all radio types and brands
					-	available at sign-up
					-	free international shipping, registered
					- 30 days free all-inclusive membership
					-	it's optional; also gamepad/joystick support

 






		“vrc is an excellent training tool. i use it all the time to keep my skills sharp.it's also a wholelot of fun.”
		ronald völker
		lrp team driver

		“great sim! the buggydrives very similarto what i am usedto drive.”
		david ronnefalk
		kyosho team driver






		14 years of continuous development
		acknowledged by top racers & industry
		500hz physics calculation for higher accuracy
		324 parameters define components
		new 3d suspension model
		new tire model
		new nitro engine model
		new electric motor and thermal model
		new collision model














		available car classes:
		1:8 nitro & electric buggy
		1:10 electric sc trucks
		1:10 nitro & electric touring cars
		1:12 electric pan cars
		1:10 electric drifter car
		1:8 nitro sportscars & nascar
		more cars added continuously
		more than 75 real world tracks
		more tracks added continuously




































		over 25 racing classes
		modified and spec level racing 
		off-line practice mode: with opponents & special achievements
		time trial - best day, week, month results per track
		official race events, international and club level
		race at your own level: beginner, sport or expert
		internet multiplayer racing
		and much more... 













		control vrc pro with your own radio transmitter
		native micro controller with 16-bit resolution
		plug & play, no software driver needed
		works with all frequencies incl. 2.4 ghz
		just plug it into your (spare) receiver
		make adjustments & save profiles on your transmitter
		adaptor and receiver powered by usb port
		international shipping, free of charge
		












		- windows xp sp3 (works with windows 10)
		- .net framework 3.5
		- hyperthreaded intel cpu, amd athlon 64 cpu
		- 256 mb pixel shader 2.0 graphics adapter
		- 2 gb system ram
		- 2 gb free hard disk space
		- soundblaster compatible soundcard
		- dsl internet connection (512kbit/s)
		- vrc usb adapter or controller (optional)
		














michél guggisberg (ch)
				"i have learned a lot with vrc and met cool new people including professionals. my driving skills have improved massively in real life racing, i just love every minute that i get to spend with vrc."
				

brian townsend (ca)
				"like many other racers, i used to be a back-marker....  before vrc, i could see myself getting a little bit better each time out. after vrc, everyone else is noticing how much better i am driving. and with vrc, i can also just pick up the radio and put in 200-300 laps every night or whenever i want to!"
				



atsushi hasegawa (jp)
				"vrc is training tool for me. it is good to keep my driving skills for real rc. that's why i think vrc is great for training."
				

alojzij osvald (si)
				"for me vrc pro is to get track time since i don't have any tracks in my neighborhood. it's a great tool to stay in shape because i can't drive to a track every weekend. so it’s a super addition to the real thing for a fair price!"
				



kevin westendorf (usa)
				"i am blown away by the quality and 'flow' of the entire vrc pro project. i have raced rc cars all over the world for 20 years and this is going to change everything."
				

duarte vasconcelos (pt)
				"this is the best rc car simulator. it does not only help to improve your driving but also the way you setup the car. let's you race all year in several classes and run against other drivers over internet. in one word brilliant."
				



riaan rowan (usa)
				"this is the best investment into your hobby / sport ! this sim helped me become a better driver all round , my consistency improved so much and it helped me learn about car setup and how changes in setup affects my car handling and attitude. every single lap of driving experience on vrc pro is a pleasure."
				

leon goode (uk)
				"vrc is awesome, it's good to play online against well known drivers all across the world, to battle bash and have a very competitive race against them, it's just so good. i love it! :)"
				



jason hillcoat (za)
				"because of vrc pro, i have noticed a much better consistency in my real rc racing."
				

michael crouch (au)
				"omg it is amazing! i have wanted an off road sim for so many years and this is incredible. entering the back straight jumping up the side wall and clearing to the second table top at mikes is radical, every lap is more fun."
				



richard malmlöf (se)
				"vrc pro offroad is awesome, i'm really impressed with the jumping and feel of the cars. the price to use this great and fun training tool is also absolutely "dirt cheap"."
				

eric brawley (uk)
				"i'm completely blown away with vrc pro. any person who contemplated getting into rc racing must buy and use this as a basis for accumulating a working knowledge of how an rc car is set up and ran."
				







































 

			© 2019 virtual racing industries bv. po box 165, 2100 ad heemstede, netherlands – all rights reserved – 
			all logos are trademarks of their respective companies and may not be used without their express permission. 
			manufacturers, cars, names, brands and associated imagery featured in this game in some cases include trademarks and/or 
			copyrighted materials of their prospective owners. all rights reserved. any depiction or recreation of real world locations, 
			businesses, entities or organizations is not intended to be or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of this game by such party or parties.

user agreement
			         
			privacy policy
			         
			v3 conversion policy
			         
			game user manual
			         
			website user manual





