



index.html




 




















  
important news! after 15 years on ancients.info, i am creating a new
        site on a different server. i will be forever grateful to bill
          puetz for this extended time of free server space!! i will
        leave this site here for as long as ancients.info is operational, but
        there will be some missing pages and images. i am painstakingly creating
        my new site as trajancoins.info.
        it is now open for business. thank you!


accessible
            site map
picture of coins in the above image was taken by caroll gibson. they
        are plasters casts of coins from the hunt collection. 
pictures from my march 30 visit 
        to white station high school - a service of ancient coins for education.
      

welcome to the site! it is continuously
        growing and being updated so please visit often. i have attempted to
        make this a user-friendly, informative site with numerous resources
        (including tables, downloadble posters, and maps) and links provided
        throughout. i began collecting ancient coins in 1998. you will find that
        i had several areas of
        collecting interest. my primary collecting area is coins of trajan (well
        over 450 coins) with an emphasis on provincial coins. i made a tough
        decision in 2015 to sell off my other ancient coins; however their
        images remain to remind me of what once was. 
        if you find errors or have comments, please contact me. my email address
        is provided under the links tab above. - t. b. 
 
with warm thanks to our web host, bill puetz of vcoins.com
        and ancients.info - two sites that
        have revolutionized collecting. 
site hosted free courtesy of vcoins.com



 use of information and pictures on this page: use
          of information and pictures found on these pages is granted, with the
          condition that proper credit is given somewhere on the page where it
          is used and a link is provided back to this site. exception:
          use of photos that are taken from other sources must not be used
          unless persmission is given by the original creators. sources other
          than my own are credited throughout these pages.
    
          
          
        

 

love ancient coins? visit the
 acm,
          and learn about the hobby!
            


 



