     home - grouser products, inc.         
    

 productsdozer bladesfront hitchover-the-tire tracksv3 flex planeused equipmentfind a dealerfind a manualcustom projectsmedia & eventsabout usstafftestimonialssupportcontact uswarranty statementwarranty registrationwarranty request form


menu

 

 






830 horsepower? yeah, we have something for that!
view our ag pro xwide
 


dozer blades for agriculture, construction, or snow removal
view our dozer blades
 


stay on top of it
our over the tire tracks keep your skid loader afloat.
view our over-the-tire tracks
 


find a grouser dealer
use our online find a dealer tool to contact a grouser product dealer near you.
find a dealer
 


  
dozer bladesindustry leading blades for 150-700 hp tractorsview more
tracksover the tire tracks for maximum traction & flotationview more
front hitchhigh lift, high capacityview more
v3 flex planeself-leveling land levelerview moredozer blade featureshover over a hotspot to see what benefits our dozer blades have to offer.
easy quick attachstandard custom nameplatehigh lift heighthigh ground clearance & approach angle
silage shedding designsingle disconnect hydraulic quick couplerhigh ground clearancesteep approach angleadjustable skid shoegrouser media & events

 


01				

sep				
events
farm progress show 2024

may 23, 2024		
by

kevin





august 27, 2024 to august 29, 2024
continue reading

 


01				

oct				
events
husker harvest days 2024

april 15, 2024		
by

kevin





september 10, 2024 to sepember. 12, 2024
continue reading

 


22				

jan				
events
uschi convention 2025

april 15, 2024		
by

kevin





january 30, 2025 to february, 1, 2025
continue readingwhat our customers say about us



“this blade is absolutely incredible. trucks don’t wait to dump at the bunkers anymore. the chopper doesn’t have to wait for trucks anymore. the grouser moves feed faster than the competition’s blade we used to have. the tractor has less strokes and motion, saving wear and fuel. i spill less feed over the walls, i have better control of the cutting edge with a great view of it from the cab, the high clearance framing and linkage arms keep a neat pile without dragging feed around.we are blown away at the quality and thought out engineering of this blade. i personally can’t stop raving about it. it makes better piles in less time than the old one. lift height is only one of a long list of things put into this blade that make me a huge fan of grouser. i’ve in fact joked about driving to north dakota just to stop in and say thanks for the awesome blade.”
cory wondra

elsinger farms					



“i think they are great and they did more than i expected them to do. the product is exceptional in my view.”
david laubach

quality dirt works					



“before outfitting my cat 246 with bar tracks, my machine could not perform most of the tasks i really needed it for. it’s a great tractor, but still rather helpless in the rugged terrain around my 200 acres in east shasta county. the tracks have exceeded all my expectations. now i am constantly finding new operations i can perform with it that were impossible before.”
dane wigingeton

redding, ca					



“our customers expect white star to sell quality, long-lasting, trouble-free equipment and attachments. that is what you have at grouser products. they offer a broad line to fit any track conditions that a customer may encounter in his line of business.whether it is bar, hard or soft tracks, all are built tough and condition-suited. talk about customer service! no question’s too complicated or too silly. we have never experienced a delay in shipment – even during the peak busy months of summer!grouser is a well-organized company made up of excellent employees, which makes for a perfect match for us at white star and our customers.”
conley forrest

white star machinery and supply co.					



“(our customer) is very satisfied with the blade. everything is so good they are in heaven!!! the mounting on the tractor went well, no problems. i will recommend this blade if anybody asks.”
fredrik nystrom

haggbergs traktor & maskin ab, sweden					about grouserour first experimental tire track was built in 1975.after twelve years of development, it was introduced into the market. that original design remains the basis for today’s grouser track systems—accepted by many as the #1 over the tire track available.in 1978, grouser brought its first dozer to the tractor market. today, grouser remains one of the few manufacturers of big 6-way hydraulic dozers for 2wd tractors, 4wd tractors, and skid steer loaders.our 20,000 square foot facility was built in 1997 and expanded to 40,000 sq. ft. in 1999 with the growth of demand for our products.designing superior products
our primary focus is to design dozers blades, over the tire tracks, and our other products that work better for your application. with over 40 years of experience, testing, and customer feedback, we’re always trying to one-up ourselves. this is what makes our products the most dependable, efficient, and versatile available.
contact us
location & hours
755 2nd ave nw
west fargo, nd 58078
monday-friday
7:30am-5:00pm cdt
phone number
(701) 282-7710
grouser product dealerto contact a grouser dealer near you, use our online find a dealer tool.find a dealerour productsdozer bladesfront hitchover-the-tire tracksv3 flex planeevents listfarm progress show 2024husker harvest days 2024uschi convention 2025contact us 755 2nd ave nw
west fargo, nd 58078 phone: (701) 282-7710 email: info@grouser.com
 facebook
select languageenglishespañolрусскийdeutschfrançaissvenskaeestiportuguêsbosanski  
© copyright grouser products, inc. all rights reserved





search						

71357productsdozer bladesfront hitchover-the-tire tracksv3 flex planeused equipmentfind a dealerfind a manualcustom projectsmedia & eventsabout usstafftestimonialssupportcontact uswarranty statementwarranty registrationwarranty request form                




