








world music press













new!•alphabetical listing•choral selections•ordering•contact





top quality, award-winning multicultural music books, recordings, and choral music for educators, community outreach programs, and music lovers.


world music press was founded on a shoestring budget in 1985 by multicultural music specialist judith cook tucker, who strongly believes in furthering intercultural understanding through music. publishing world music materials for classroom and community use is not only a business, but a passion and a mission, as well.
since 1985 world music press has produced several book/recording sets and choral octavos that we hope will help you in your efforts to learn about many of the cultures represented in american society. every publication is prepared with the involvement of a culture bearer. all of our publications are authentic, in-depth and accessible.
world music press strives to meet the needs of music educators, esl, social studies, general classroom and physical education teachers, choral directors, ethnomusicologists, community outreach staff, librarians, adoptive parents and music lovers who seek authentic ethnic materials that display the unique vitality and integrity that only an insider's view can give.
contact information
world music press
  c/o plank rd. publishing
  p.o. box 26627
  wauwatosa wi 53226
sales rep: lynn crowell
  phone: (262) 790-5210
  fax: (414) 771-7672
lynn@musick8.com
order securely on musick8.com
to request licensing rights for world music press music, use our online permissions form on musick8.com.


browse by culture area

africa
asia
caribbean
europe
latin america
multicultural
native american
orff ensembles






connect with plank road publishing / music k-8


youtube  

facebook

 
pinterest

x instagram




teaching checklist|bio of judith cook tucker
visit musick8.com for more world music resources.
our other sites: musick8.com - music and resources for school music teachers | musick8.com worldwide - for non-us customers | recorderclassroom.com - the online home of recorder classroom magazine | golden rule music - music and resources for youth music ministries 
our toll-free customer service number: 1-800-437-0832. commercial: 1-262-790-5210.
our privacy policy
copyright ©2009-2025 plank road publishing, inc. all rights reserved







