







home | napsrx - the national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives

























skip to content







exam signin


members


contact us






 







info


corporate relations


advertise with us


why choose sales training from the association?


national association of pharmaceutical sales representative reviews


sales leadership programs


privacy policy


cnpr certificate reviews – cnpr reviews-napsrx reviews-pharmaceutical sales training reviews


cnpr program verification


cnpr testimonials - pharmaceutical sales certification reviews – cnpr reviews




cnpr pharmaceutical sales program


training manual for cnpr training program


industry feedback


how it works


why it works


break into a pharmaceutical sales career


can industry training help me?


cnpr program


cnpr review-napsrx reviews-cnpr reviews


cnpr reviews - can it really help?


entry level pharmaceutical sales training


train for a pharmaceutical sales career with cnpr program


social media – cnpr certification reviews – napsrx reviews


membership value


why cnpr pharmaceutical sales program is important


pharmaceutical sales education


cnpr program test topics


faq's


magazine


qualify for a career in pharmaceutical sales


pharmaceutical sales career center


order now




enroll now


members


dashboard


cnpr quizzes


pharmaceutical sales career search tips


pharmaceutical sales cover letter


events


news


book store


gift store


rx trade news


medical journals


food and drug administration


large prominent journals


miscellaneous


brag book


star questions


drug database


free books and journals


recruiter contacts


company contacts


recent success stories


human resources / talent acquisition list












search






















obtain a new career in pharmaceutical sales with the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) program- earn industry designation to meet qualifications
pharmaceutical knowledge is the basic building block in securing relationships with physician customers.
learn more






are you looking for an entry level pharmaceutical sales rep job? 

earn your industry cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) credentials by completing the recognized cnpr pharmaceutical sales training program for entry level reps.  make sure to include your cnpr # on your resume to show employers you meet basic pre-requisites.

 sign up today






utilize the free pharmaceutical sales career center
post your resume and apply for open positions to expose it to pharmaceutical companies.  make sure to include you cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) certificate number on your resume.
learn more






train for a career in pharmaceutical sales.
enroll in the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) credentialing program
aspiring pharmaceutical sales applicants should be familiar with clinical pharmacology, medical terminology, plus rules and regulations for selling pharmaceuticals to healthcare professionals.  earning your cnpr will show employers your qualifications.
learn more












welcome to the national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives website
since 2002 the national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives website and training programs have helped entry level pharmaceutical sales reps, pharmaceutical sales managers and sales trainers who work in the pharmaceutical industry. the association is widely known for its cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) - pharmaceutical sales training certificate program to candidates who look to enter a pharmaceutical sales career. other services include career center, recruiter contacts, national convention listings, sales conferences announcements, access to industry magazines, job listings, newsletters and more.

 











utilize the free pharmaceutical sales career center
whether you are looking to get a start in the pharmaceutical sales industry—or are a seasoned pharmaceutical sales professional looking for the opportunity to do more and be more — careers are available in the free pharmaceutical sales career center.
learn more

 

enroll in the cnpr entry level pharmaceutical sales program
the association has developed the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) - entry level pharmaceutical sales certificate program to educate candidates for the pharmaceutical industry as well as be able to differentiate themselves from other candidates. the majority of entry level candidates do not know enough about the pharmaceutical industry, fda regulations, laws governing the pharmaceutical industry, the anatomy, pharmaceutical terms and abbreviations, effective physician selling skills, general interview questions, etc.
enroll today

 

qualify and train for a new pharmaceutical sales rep career
if you are an entry level candidate looking for a pharmaceutical sales rep career it is important to acquire industry knowledge and training to show industry hiring professionals you are prepared for a pharmaceutical sales career. the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) - entry level pharmaceutical sales certificate training program provides such education which will lead to understanding the pharmaceutical industry.
learn more

 



















importance of the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) entry level pharmaceutical sales certificate program



the cnpr - (certified national pharmaceutical rep) - pharmaceutical entry level sales training program provides individuals with entry level vocational training and education for a pharmaceutical sales career. differentiate yourself and enter a career in pharmaceutical sales. register today through our enroll now arealearn more






how can the national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives help? 
since 2002 the association has provided education, cnpr certification, online career center, job alerts/referrals, regulation updates, and membership.



the association works directly with many pharmaceutical companies and provides recruitment advertising to these employers when they seek candidates to fill open pharmaceutical sales representative positions.learn more



 





do i need to complete the cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep)  - entry level pharmaceutical sales certificate program?
take a quick quiz to see if you should complete your cnpr certificate.



here at the national association of pharmaceutical sales reps we are frequently asked by entry level candidates if they should complete the industry cnpr (certified national pharmaceutical rep) program. certainly this is a good question for someone to ask. pharmaceutical companies look to employ sales representatives who communicate technical pharmacology terminology with physicians and healthcare professionals while adhering to selling guidelines / regulations.
we have prepared a quick quiz below that will test your industry knowledge to tell you whether you may need some pharmaceutical sales training. take the quiz to test whether you have what it takes to work as a pharmaceutical sales rep.
take free quiz






obtain your nationally recognized pharmaceutical sales certification to better qualify for all pharmaceutical sales rep opportunities



learn more about the certified national pharmaceutical sales representative certificate by clicking below. we also include thousands of cnpr grads who now work as pharmaceutical sales reps at merck, pfizer, eli lilly, johnson & johnson, allergan, publicis, amarin, pdi, bayer, sanofi, collegium pharmaceuical, janssen biotech, novartis, kowa pharmaceuticals, quintiles, iqvia, syneos health, teva, avanir, lupin, us pharmaceutical, avella, salix, gsk, sunovion, sprout pharmaceuticals, duchesnay, celgene, ambry genetics, vertical pharmaceuticals, shire, genzyme and so many more. in fact, we challenge anyone to find a pharmaceutical company where you will not find cnpr certified pharmaceutical sales reps at. we encourage you to look at their profiles and look at the date they got their cnpr and when they started in their first job as a pharmaceutical sales rep. you will see for many it was only a few weeks or months after completing their cnpr certificate.
view thousands of cnpr grads that work in the industry



 







































 









info


corporate relations


cnpr pharmaceutical sales program


members area


contact us



national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives | tel. 800-672-9104 | contact@napsronline.org
© 2025 national association of pharmaceutical sales representatives.all rights reserved. | site by digital intersection






newsletter sign-up

email:

















facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram
pinterest











disclaimer

×




please note that this link will open a new window and you will exit napsrx's website.
napsrx is not responsible for the content of this site.



close
continue



















