




you auto know with dave serio


























preferred repair facilities




newsroom




about dave




listen live (audio)




contact




latest headlines




dave's bio




saturdays 8am-11am 




mail, phone, email




see the best shops!






















saturdays 


8am-10am: am680 wcbm baltimore, md


 


10-11am: am930 wfmd frederick, md


 










 





 










 





 


















































































remanufactured products for your race of everday life




bg products & services




 




 




 




































welcome to the online home of you auto know! i hope you will find many answers to your questions about car repairs, recalls, news and the fun stuff.  please visit our trusted sponsors who help bring expert, independent automotive advice to your radio. listen and watch live online and don't miss a thing. i look forward to hearing from you on saturday mornings. -dave serio




video streaming no longer available. video/audio archives are available here.live audio streaming available:sat. 8am-10amwww.wcbm.comsat. 10am-11am www.wfmd.comthe audio livestream on wcbm & wfmd is brought to you by wastler tire & auto located at rts. 26 & 27 in taylorsville!410-635-8375


































visit serioussportscars.com for some of the best car shows & attractions around!




























































































check out some cool videos of dave testing and talking about automotive products!




































show archives












recalls












consumer info



















stations

















































listen & watch past shows




check recalls for your car




informative links




where to listen weekly






















site crã©ã© avec openelement





copyright â© 2016 you auto know, inc. 




web design by: bulldog media of nh











