




random thoughts... — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































hipapheralkus
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














hipapheralkus







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









what's happening
past tense
allies
dig deeper


            random thoughts...
        





random quote:"if you're my subconscious, i've got to say, you're a little full of myself."
linksmy ficssparky stuffpics
april 2013 123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
282930






24 april 2013 @ 08:32 am
i have an accepted offer on a new place!!!!!  


not too far from where i'm living now. closer to the skytrain, 3rd floor 2 bedroom 1 bath. nice little balcony overlooking the main entrance. still need to read the strata minutes and do the inspection, but those should go fine. the place was built in 2008, bought by the person that's selling it, but they only lived in it for the last 4 months. they apparently buy up properties all the time to flip them down the road. the offer i put in was $11,000 below the asking price, and couldn't believe they accepted it without any back-and-forth over it.the deal will be firm on may 8th after we do the stuff i just mentioned. then i would get possession on june 29th (need to give 1 month notice here).yay i'll be moving into my new place on my birthday! :d:d:d   
current mood: ecstatic
 
10 comments | leave a comment




 


20 april 2011 @ 10:37 pm
"there! you see how benevolent i can be when everybody just does what i tell them to do?"  


i finished the west wing! truly awesome. i can't believe i never even would have thought about watching it before. if it weren't for the few people prodding me to give it a shot, it would probably still be in my 'never see' column. it really was a smart, and funny show. i can't believe i'm actually through it, and i sort of wish there was more. lol. how i never considered watching such an amazing show before, i will never know.
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



14 november 2010 @ 09:30 am
"the origin of life, looks like a pink chia pet?"  


i just had a totally geeky moment. i was sitting at my computer, and *just* noticed my new keyboard has media buttons. you know, like volume, pause, play etc. but it also has keys to bring up my homepage in firefox, the calculator and 'my computer' or whatever it's called in windows 7. i started pressing the different buttons to see what they did and found myself saying, 'omg this is awesome!'. lol but it is awesome! it's so much faster than mousing around the screen. i can't believe i didn't see those buttons before. i've only been using it for almost 3 months...so how's everyone's weekend so far? i've just been sitting around watching some bones, and rifling through my stash of sga fanvids to pick out the good ones for the vancouver stargate meetup next weekend. it's funny, watching them kind of makes me happy. i even spent a couple hours looking through youtube, watching some supernatural and bones vids. fandom is kind of awesome, isn't it? so many talented people, expressing themselves through the things they really enjoy. i kind of miss it, i think.i also got bored yesterday evening, so i ended up baking banana bread. totally random, but tasty. lol.   
current mood: contentcurrent music: dead man's party (party 'till you're dead mix) - oingo boingo
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


04 september 2010 @ 09:56 pm
supernatural 2010!  


last weekend i went to a couple days of the creation supernatural con here in vancouver. first off, the most excellent thing happened. i was waiting near registration on saturday, while they were setting up, and a girl came up to me and asked if i'd like to buy her silver weekend ticket for $250. i was interested, but only had $200 and she's like 'sold!'. so for just slightly more than the price of both boys' autographs, i got their autographs (of course), autographs from misha collins (castiel), rob benedict (chuck), matt cohen (young john winchester), and samantha smith (mary winchester), plus about an 8 row better seat in the theatre. in total i paid about $350-ish for a $450 seat if i include the cost of the tickets i already had. i worked out pretty awesome for me, since you couldn't even buy jensen's autograph on-site, and i got to say hello to the boys while they were signing my picture :d.now on to everything else, with a few spoilers from season 5: ( lots of pretty pics!!collapse )hope you enjoyed all the shiny! such a fun convention. i'm thinking of going again next year, and my sister might come with. :dtags: cons, pics, supernatural
 
10 comments | leave a comment




 


 



25 august 2010 @ 09:58 pm
say hello to mass_effect  


it's so shiny!! and it's all mine! :di didn't give my old pc an interesting name ("amie's computer", is not interesting at all!), so i thought i'd name this one after something i consider to be equally as shiny :d.you don't realize how much crap you keep on your computer, until you have to migrate it all onto a new machine. seriously, i've been at this for over an hour!! oh wells, mass_effect is super shiny, and all kinds of awesome, so taking a little while to get it all setup nice is no big deal.dell shipped it in the most ridiculously oversized box on the planet, so i had to take a taxi home from purolator. i didn't really mind though, as it saved me trying to haul it around. it's not that it was heavy, it was just awkward and the 'handles' on the box started to rip almost as soon as i started to lift it up. carboard, not the sturdiest of materials. lol.( unboxing pics!!collapse )it's amazing. even my internet connection is like twice as fast, even though it's using exactly the same internet. must be all the ram. lol.ooh it just occurred to me that i might actually be able to play the free version of portal that i have waiting for me on my steam account. yes!!
 
10 comments | leave a comment




 


 



20 july 2010 @ 10:42 pm
victoria picspam  


long time no see! geez it's been quite a long while since i've posted anything meaningful.so how about a nice picspam? sounds good to me!my mom came out and visited me for a week at the end of june. during that time, we went over to the island and stayed in victoria for a few days. victoria is such a pretty city. a total tourist trap, but pretty nonetheless. ( under here lies the shiny!collapse )a few days after we got back from victoria, i dragged her off to one day of the big star trek con. lol. actually, she did want to go. star trek tos is her star trek, so she was quite happy to see leonard nimoy and william shatner :). i leave you with this teaser pic, and hopefully will get to posting more in a couple days. i'm off to see the yearly free summer fireworks tomorrow night, so it'll probably be a day or two after that *fingers crossed*.tags: pics   
current mood: chippercurrent music: hot blooded - foreigner
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


 



18 june 2010 @ 10:27 am
shaw cable, you are so stupid!!!!  


ok, so my cable/internet provider shaw sent me a digital tv box to use free for 6 months. my bill is supposed to not change and then if i decide to keep it, it's only supposed to be $2.95 extra a month to rent the box. i get my bill for this month, and it's $16 higher and that with the $2.95 not even on it!!! what the hell.i'm searching through their website, and for one, they charged me $50 for my internet, when it should be $35 since it's bundled with my cable, and they don't even have any internet listed for $50 so i don't even know what the hell they're charging me for. on top of that, they're charging me $60.95 for digital tv, which is the same as the tv i had before, however they didn't bundle anything, and according to their shiny website, i should be getting hd basic which includes time-shifting on the east and central hd channels (ie: i could watch stuff at like 5pm pst that airs at 8pm est if it was one of the timeshift channels). the woman on the phone didn't even tell me i'd be getting hd timeshifting channels, but according to their website, it's included in the service they're charging me for. so if i'm paying for it, they bloody well deliver it.i've been having issues with the stupid terminal too. the cable guy came tuesday, and said there's super low signal coming into my apartment. he thinks it's water in the wire from the service box, or the cable is just damaged. so the crew with the big long ladders is coming next friday to hook up a new cable from the service box on the roof, to the jack in my living room wall. not that a damaged cable is their fault, but it makes me feel more cheated that they want more money from me when i haven't even been able to use the damn thing!they are so getting an earful from me tomorrow. according to their 'bundle' pricing, my bill should have remained exactly the same, and i should be getting more stuff. i'm getting no more stuff, and i'm paying more. so.not.cool.in other news, my office is moving tomorrow. we're going to be packing up all the computers and things this afternoon. yay for shorter work day! and i'm off next week, so double yay!   
current mood: annoyed
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


28 february 2010 @ 03:02 pm
gooooooooooooold!!!!  


sidney crosby scores the game winning goal in ot to defeat the us 3-2 and win canada the gold medal in men's hockey!! wooooooo!!!! what a game!! :d:d:d*waves canadian flag proudly*tags: olympics   
current mood: ecstatic
 
12 comments | leave a comment




 


 



27 february 2010 @ 06:20 pm
more olympics pics  


since my ticket for today's parallel giant slalom was cancelled, i decided to go downtown and try to see some of the olympic-y things i haven't had a chance to see because of all the overtime i've been doing at work lately.so i wandered around downtown kind of early in the morning, to try and avoid all the crazy people. would you believe there was already a line a block long at the bay olympic superstore downtown, a full hour before the store even opened?? i was thinking of checking it out to see what stuff they had left, but there was no way i was waiting in a line just to 'have a look'. the line for the mint (once i found it) was easily a 5 hour wait.anyway, got some pics of some cool things.( click for picscollapse )once i finished up downtown, i came home just in time to see the end of the parallel giant slalom on tv. kinda peeved i didn't get to see canadian athlete j.j. anderson win his gold medal in person. but i am kind of glad i didn't have to stand in the pouring rain for 6 hours. the people in the stands looked drenched.tags: olympics, pics
 
6 comments | leave a comment




 


25 february 2010 @ 11:44 pm
men's freestyle aerials!!  


got back from the finals for the men's freestyle aerials competition a couple hours ago. it was pretty cool! we ended up in 5th place after being in first at the end of the first jump. but the winners really had some amazing jumps in the second set.i managed to get on a bus about 45 minutes earlier than the one i had scheduled. there was relatively no one waiting for one of the buses and they were going more by 'fill the buses as they come' than they were by the time you signed up for. it was a good thing too. there were already sooooo many people at cypress. any later and i would have had a really crappy place to stand. the main standing spectator section was already almost full by the time i walked the 1.6km along the winding path and through security then into the venue.i had a pretty good view from where i was. i got blocked a few times by this really tall coca-cola rep who was standing in front of me, but then we'd shift to let people through one way or the other, and i'd have a clear view of the ramp and landing area of the hill again.for the first couple hours before the competition started, we got to watch all the athletes to practice jumps as they worked up to their degree of difficulty and the jumps they would perform in the event. we also watched the last 2 periods of the women's gold medal hockey game, which ended with canada shutting out the us 2-0! go canada go!!! :dit was really amazing to see. i managed to snap a few pictures. for the speed at which they were rotating and how many rotations they were actually doing in such a short time, i was surprised to get as many good shots as i did. sports setting on the camera is key. lol( cut for aerials pics!!collapse )i'm glad i actually got to see one of my events. it may have been loud, and it may have been  cold once the sun went down, but it was a lot of fun :d. also, those red olympic mittens? soooo warm. my hands were the only thing that weren't freezing by the time it was over.tags: olympics, pics
 
6 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























