


maine made craft shows





 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
maine made craft shows 



 
 

 


maine made craft shows
june arts & craft show
august arts & craft show
october craft shows
november craft shows
december craft shows
contact us 
application & payments
 



 
        welcome to the maine made craft shows we are a non-dues organization that has featured quality maine artists and craftsmen for over fourty years along with artists and craftsmen from other states. all are welcomed as long as the work is done by you. maine made craft shows sponsor arts & craft fairs year round now in augusta, lewiston, westbrook, wells, stratham, nh, soon brunswick, with the augusta civic center show always thanksgiving weekend. you will never leave our craft show saying same-o same-0 we always have varied crafters, i'm not saying we don't have some of your favorite crafters but we always have new faces too. that is what keeps maine made craft shows interesting.  our craft shows feature jewelry, clothing, wooden gifts, jams & jellies, honey,  lamps, skin care products, florals, bird houses, maple syrup, chair canning, chainsaw art, photography, sculpture, gourmet relishes, wooden flages and benches, pet items, quilts, food items, alpaca knits, therapy packs, doll clothing, santas & snowmen, stuffed animals, dolls, embroidery, tote bags, paintings, clocks, stone items & vases, armoa therapy soaps and lotions, and so much more. most crafters will take special orders. we invite you to our arts & craft shows in maine & nh all of which have handicapped parking and entrances. our motto is buy direct from our crafters and save.  




 if you have any questions, comments, or are interested in attending any of the craft shows, email me at: ltpromo@aol.com






new england craft fairs

 lois taylor 209 oxford dr, thomson, ga 30824 706-466-4071 show chairman: steven @ stpromo37@aol.com 



show fees and show sizes



 




 
 


 







