








home - virginia conservation network


















































 



skip to content




toggle navigationaboutwho we arejob finderfellowshippartnersissueswater & flood resilienceland & wildlife conservationclimate & energyland use & transportationgood governanceour common agendaupdatestake actiondonatesearch
 





homedaniel2025-01-24t09:49:44-05:00 
virginia’s powerful, diverse, highly-coordinated
conservation movementtrack environmental policy on our bill trackerconservation news





 




bill of the day: investing in flood resilience and preparednessvirginia need a reliably resourced, coordinated, and comprehensive approach to flood preparedness and resilience.read more







 




bill of the day: responsible data center developmentvirginia's data center industry is growing rapidly, creating an unprecedented demand for energy, land, and water to operate. virginia must take a comprehensive approach to reform the data center industry in order to mitigate these impacts. read more







 




bill of the day: restoring tree canopiesvirginia’s trees are being lost at a rapid rate due to development. several bills this session aim to help localities protect and restore tree canopies.read more

12nextwhat we’re focusing on


clean water & flood resilience
restoring health and water quality to our creeks, rivers, and the bay by reducing pollution from agriculture, wastewater, and stormwater, and ending plastic waste.




land & wildlife conservation
protecting virginia’s natural resources to support clean water and air, wildlife populations, viewsheds, food security, culture, history, and improved physical and mental health.




land use & transportation
leveraging smarter land use, expanding alternatives to driving, and electrifying transportation to reduce carbon emissions and lower vehicle miles traveled.




climate & energy
responsibly developing clean energy infrastructure, ramping up energy efficiency and solar investments, and ensuring an equitable transition to a clean energy economy.




good governance
achieving our conservation efforts through an equitable and inclusive government, with policies and programs that represent and benefit all virginians






 
 
701 e franklin street
suite 800
richmond, va 23219
804.644.0283
get to know ustoggle navigationstaffour partnersbill trackerdeij commitmentvisit our officecontact usget involvedtoggle navigationbecome a partnertake actionbill trackerjob finderdonatesubscribe to our newsletter© 2024 virginia conservation network. all rights reserved.
virginia conservation network is a 501(c)(3) organization; therefore, your contribution is tax-deductible.




 
 










go to top




