





sandpoint real estate, acreage, homes, commercial, land, waterfront, northern idaho's real estate leader











content goes here


 


 home
 contact me
 featured listings
 about me
  real estate search 

basic search
advanced search
map search

mortgage calculator
home valuation




          content goes here



sandpointrealty.com
is the website of teresa downs agent of century 21 riverstone, sandpoint. with a convenient downtown location to serve you and a dedicated, full-time staff , teresa has what it takes to assist you in buying or selling homes, land, waterfront property and commercial real estate in northern idaho. if you're looking for sandpoint real estate, you have come to the right place.
social media: facebook 
you can use our website to get started by clicking on on any real estate search or just check out our featured listings! 
sign up for an account and get email notifications when a listing you are interested in comes on the market! you can save search criteria or save individual properties to your account and login to see them any time you like. 



sold!
51 hanford dr, sagle idaho
beautiful, new, custom built home on nearly an acre in sagle. single level home with high end finishes, quartz countertops in the bathrooms, granite in the kitchen, along with custom hickory cabinets, counter height bar separates the kitchen from the dining area and solid core knotty alder doors throughout the home. the laundry room is oversized and serves also as a mechanical room. concrete patio off the kitchen, and lovely mountain views out your front door. located in a waterfront community, beautiful beach access common area, picnic area etc. 
$675,000 




teresa downs, realtorâ®
(208) 290-1756


home | contact me | featured listings | about me | basic search | advanced search | mortgage calculator | home valuation | login | search by city
century 21 riverstone 305 n first ave, sandpoint, id 83864 
            (208)255-2244 
copyright â© 2001-2023 sandpointrealty.com. all rights reserved.










