


































































globe gazette | mason city local news | globegazette.com




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















8°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state



crime



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



scoreboard



north iowa bulls



college



professional



outdoors



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



celebrations



people



faith



fashion



food & cooking



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



pets



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


globe gazette



britt news tribune



forest city summit



mitchell county press




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









8°
partly cloudy/wind














local
crime
state
politics
business
education
nation & world





                
                mason city local news
                
                    


















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 

















        
        
            mason city boy will be the living hero at celebration of life

the event, from 4-8 p.m., will be a celebration of oz and the generosity of friends and neighbors. the guerrero's have been blessed by many north iowans who have supported them with hot meals, laundry service and a gofundme account to cover expenses. 

















        
        
            staci buy$ can$ opens monday in mason city

the new can and bottle redemption center at 300 15th st. n.e. has a machine that uses ai to count containers. 


















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 


















        
        
            north iowa speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the globe gazette. 

















        
        
            mason city man charged with child sexual abuse

jeremiah david estrada, 34, is accused of sexually abusing a 12-year-old three or more times between march 1, 2024, and feb. 13, 2025, according to a mason city police department criminal complaint.


















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 
























        
        
            february 13 recap: north iowa news you may have missed today




thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 




















        
        
            lincoln intermediate singers selected to perform in twin cities




the lincoln intermediate singers held a send off concert on tuesday, feb. 11 to celebrate their selection as performers at the minnesota music educators winter convention in minneapolis on thursday, feb. 13th.




















        
        
            wisconsin man receives deferred judgment in mason city sexual abuse case




 reed m. jacobsen, 19, steuben, wisconsin, had his charges reduced from two class c felony counts of third-degree sexual abuse to two serious misdemeanor counts of assault causing bodily injury or mental illness.  





















        
        
            new job postings for north iowa job seekers




browse through the latest north iowa employment postings and find your next career. 


























        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 13




read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 





















        
        
            february 12 recap: north iowa news you may have missed today




don't miss wednesday's most popular stories from globe gazette. 




















        
        
            mason city man convicted of intent to distribute meth




when todd aaron howard hamilton sutton, jr., 33, was being booked into the cerro gordo county jail following his arrest for driving while barred on july 27, 2024, law enforcement found a plastic baggie on his person containing methamphetamine, according to the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of iowa.  
































        
        
            celebration of black history month and dr. martin luther king to be held feb. 16

the event will feature dr. miriam brown tyson at 4 p.m., saturday, feb. 16 in the sanctuary of the church. the north iowa choral society will perform and a complimentary soup supper and fellowship will follow the program.




















        
        
            farm credit services of america distributes $6.5m in cash-back dividends to farmers

this year’s cash-back dividend is equal to 100 basis points, or a return of 1% of a customer’s eligible average daily loan balance with fcsamerica. the 2025 payout equates to the following county-level distributions:  $1.4 million in cerro gordo county,  $1.1 million in floyd county, $1.1 million in hancock county,  $1.7 million in mitchell county,  $781,000 in winnebago county,  $329,000 in worth county












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 12

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 






















        
        
            february 11 recap: north iowa news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from globe gazette. 




















        
        
            mason city man gets federal prison sentence for meth distribution

monroe thompson, 40, from mason city, was sentenced feb. 7 in u.s. district court in sioux city to 262 months in prison after pleading guilty in august to conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance. 




















        
        
            alternate-side parking in effect in mason city until further notice

for further notification of the status of the alternate side parking ordinance, visit www.masoncity.net, call the alternate side parking hotline at 641- 424-7188, become a friend of the city’s facebook page, follow the city’s twitter account, and opt-in to alert iowa by texting mcparking to 67283 or textmygov by texting mcparking to 91896.




















        
        
            former britt cop going to prison on domestic abuse, intimidation charges

benjamin s. mehmen, 29, britt, pleaded guilty in december to two felony counts of intimidation with a dangerous weapon and two aggravated misdemeanor counts of domestic abuse by strangulation. 

















                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            staci buy$ can$ opens monday in mason city


















        
        
            mason city boy will be the living hero at celebration of life


















        
        
            winnebago county courts




















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 
























        
        
            area legislators hold listening post in mason city

all five of the elected officials speaking saturday were republicans. jane bloomingdale and christian hermanson are house representatives for districts 60 and 59, respectively. doug campbell was elected senator in district 30 and chris watts and carl ginapp both serve as cerro gordo county supervisors.




















        
        
            color the wind kite festival returns to clear lake saturday

the biggest winter kite festival in the midwest sill take place from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. huge inflatables with intricate designs, operated by kite enthusiasts from all over the country, will move in synchronized choreography to musical numbers.





















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 11

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 





















        
        
            february 10 recap: north iowa news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from globe gazette. 





















        
        
            ex-north iowa coach accused of sex abuse of student pleads to lesser charge

ismael rodriguez torres, 29, hampton, has a plea change hearing scheduled for feb. 24 in franklin county district court. 




















        
        
            mason city offices will be closed president's day, feb. 17

the make-up day for garbage and recyclable service for those that normally have pick-up on monday will be wednesday, feb. 19.




















        
        
            persons: thirty-seven dollars

we have all been there at some point, haven’t we, where we run out of food money before the end of the month?





















        
        
            north iowa neighbors: obituaries for february 8

read through the obituaries published today in globe gazette. 









more mason city local news



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


globe gazette

britt news tribune

forest city summit

mitchell county press news

up in smoke bbq bash

online features

get healthy




services


contact us

place an ad

activate full access

full access faq

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        globe gazette, po box 271 mason city, ia 50402
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























