













hotel bernina milan official site | hotel in milan close to central station | 3-star hotel milan train station








































































book now the best price   
hotel bernina - milanhotel
location
description
rooms
experience
offers
gallery
reservations
english

italiano
español












hotel bernina milanbest price
 


cozy, designed environmentsbest price
 


modern and functional roomsbest price
 


rooms and services dedicated to youbest price
 









special breakfast offer booking form our official websitedouble room free upgrade from economy to standardverify and book now 




hotel bernina milan
hotel near the milan central railway station;
city of business, fashion, and events...
hotel bernina milan is a cozy hotel opposite milan central railway station and a few meters from the metro entrance. it is connected to all points of interest in the city. its proximity to the historical center, the new porta nuova smart community, and the 18th century indro montanelli public gardens inspire pleasant walks or municipal bike sharing right outside the hotel.





a few meters away are shuttle buses for a shopping experience at the serravalle designer outlet, scalo milano, and the new arese shopping center. shuttles that connect to milan's airports are also nearby. further, the hotel is just in front of the stop for milan city sightseeing, a bus that can show you the most interesting spots in the city.





hotel bernina milan offers a cozy and welcoming atmosphere, suitable for those who wish to experience a warmer hospitality instead of a corporate hotel. objects from the world of art and design of both italian and international culture are on stage at the hotel.






location





design





art





free wifi





cordiality





tea time




rooms

more info




location

more info




gallery

more info







an ideal location for visiting the city
a few minutes walk from the new milan skyline
and the evocative porta nuova smart community
the hotel bernina milan is easy to get to. it is a stone's throw from the milan central railway station and close to all necessary public transportation for visiting milan and its outskirts, not to mention the terminal air shuttle to the malpensa, linate, and bergamo-orio al serio airports.












print the map with directions to reach us



how to reach us



by plane

from milan-malpensa airport by bus: (every 15 minutes): take the bus from the airport to the milan central railway station.
by train: (every 30 minutes): the malpensa express takes you directly to the milan central railway station.
from bergamo-orio al serio international airport by bus: (every 15 minutes): take the bus from the airport to the milan central railway station.
from the milan linate airport by bus: (every 15 minutes): take the bus from the airport to the milan central railway station.






by car

hotel bernina's exact address is: via napo torriani, 27 - 20124 milan, italy. store it in your navigator. alternatively, call us at +39 02 66988022. we would be happy to provide you with precise directions.

 
by train

as soon as you come out of the central station in milan you will find yourself in piazza duca d'aosta: to reach hotel bernina, you have to walk a few meters along via torriani, which is on the left of via pisani.
you will find hotel bernina at number 27.








rooms dedicated to you
the hotel is welcoming and functional by design where, in addition to your room, you can fully enjoy all spaces and common happenings.





you can choose from the standard rooms, which are ideal for short stays at a reasonable price, and superior rooms, which are more spacious and comfortable. whatever you decide, the service quality and common areas will fully meet your expectations. the breakfast buffet, with a wide choice of hot and cold food with beverages, is served from 7:00 to 10:00.





in the late morning, the breakfast room turns into a comfortable and stimulating spot to work, organize your excursions, or relax with the fragrant aroma of our selected black and herbal teas. here you will find books, newspapers, and usb sockets for your devices.











hotel amenities

non-smoking hotel
family rooms
air conditioning
24hr reception
languages: english, spanish, portuguese, german












food & drinks

rich breakfast buffet
selection of black and herbal teas
tea time (complimentary/self service)












activities and services

free wi-fi
co-working area
daily services
luggage storage
laundry












getting around town

metro stop (line 2 and line 3) two minutes from the hotel
public bike sharing nearby
parking and public garage nearby (no parking at the hotel)








our rooms
the newly renovated rooms are divided between standard and superior
the standard rooms are smaller but guarantee a better price. the superior rooms are usually spacious, with large bathrooms and terraces. a part of the superior room overlooks an expansive courtyard where it is possible to work or relax outdoors surrounded by seasonal flowers and plants.




standard

more info




superior

more info





standard rooms
these rooms are preferred by clients who stay in milan for short stays or seek a less expensive solution without compromising an exceptional location. smaller than the superior, these rooms maintain the same quality and ensure an excellent price/quality value.


room facilities
free wi-fi
individually-controlled air conditioning and heating
flat screen tv
safe
minibar
kettle with selection of coffee and tea
welcoming water
desk
mirror

bathroom facilities
full bathroom with shower or bathtub
hairdryer
toiletry set
towel set

book now!


superior rooms
these are big rooms with wide bathrooms, ideal for long stays. some overlook a courtyard or have a terrace with a table set and seasonal flowers and plants.


room facilities
free wi-fi
individually-controlled air conditioning and heating
flat screen tv
safe
minibar
kettle with selection of coffee and tea
welcoming water
desk
mirror
some rooms complete with courtyard or terrace

bathroom facilities
full bathroom with shower or bathtub
hairdryer
toiletry set
towel set

book now!check-in: from 13:00 o'clock | check-out: within 11:00 o'clock

reception 24/7






experience
 

 









besides your room, you may spend time in the common areas and can freely enjoy:
 

co-working area
tea time (complimentary/self service)















最大20％の割引


今確認してください。 
view this offer
特別オファー ホテル ベルニナ - 中央駅ミラノ, イタリア
最大20％の割引
朝食は料金に含まれています。hotelbernina.com 限定、

ミラノ中央駅からわずか200mの場所に位置するhotel berninaは、

朝食について: ビュッフェ
無料wifi 
							 





高达20％的折扣


立即预订！ 
view this offer
特价中国客人。旅馆米兰市

官方伯尔尼纳酒店网站特价中国客人。

酒店客房最低价格，含早餐。

酒店客房最低价格，含早餐。请前往预订页面并使用促销代码“chinaok”

酒店位于米兰人气好评区，位置评分非常高ì

免费wifi 
							 



always valid 
							
10%


book now! 
view this offer
book in advance to save 10%
only on our official website you can find the best rate: if you book in advance you can get a 10% discount on our best available rate!
book now and save!
 












gallery

 














































































the rooms

 




































































































































hotel bernina - hb bernina hotels srl
via napo torriani 27 - 20124 milan, italy
tel. +39 02 66988022 fax +39 02 6702964 bernina@hotelbernina.com
vat/c.f. 11643650150 - hotel bernina © 2000-
cir: 015146-alb-00164 a00255
cin: it015146a16qqlha42
hotel marketing by nozio business
cookie policy - cookie settings - copyright/ip policy | privacy





servicesskypereception h24free wifi



   menu call map  book now   





hb bernina hotels srl

via napo torriani 27 - 20124 milano
iscrizione al registro delle imprese di venezia n. 11643650150
p.iva 11643650150

































