





fatfree vegan kitchen | simply delicious oil-free vegan recipes

















































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footerfatfree vegan kitchensimply delicious oil-free vegan recipesrecipe index

recipes by category
recipes by tag
recipe box


about me

press


newsbites
shop!
website
searcheasy vegan lasagna soup
enjoy the flavors of lasagne without all the layering and prep work. this easy, plant-based lasagna soup combines noodles, tomatoes, mushrooms, white beans, and zucchini, so it’s a complete one-pot meal. make it in about an hour! …
read more
lentil, mushroom, and farro soup
is there anything more comforting on a cold, wet day than a steaming bowl of lentil soup? if there is, i haven’t found it yet. other soups are also warm and inviting, but there’s something homey, something friendly, about lentil soup that warms me spiritually as well as physically….
read more

vegan lemon drizzle cakevegan yellow squash and corn casseroleeasy scalloped potatoes (vegan hash browns casserole)vegan snickerdoodles – soft, chewy, and oil-free cookiesridiculously easy vegetable fried ricevegan asparagus and mushroom pasta
 
  see previous recipes →

 primary sidebarwelcome to my kitchen!
i'm susan voisin, and i love creating delicious whole foods plant-based dishes with no added oil.  be sure to follow me on facebook and instagram.
bloglovinfacebookinstagrampinterestrsstwitter
find it fast

instant pot recipes
ridiculously easy recipes
weight watchers recipes
recipes by tag (ingredient, gluten-free, etc.)
complete recipe index



find a recipe
search
allergens
all of my recipes are vegan, dairy-free, and fish free. to find recipes free of other allergens, click on an icon below.



footer 

bloglovinfacebookinstagrampinterestrsstwitteryoutube
 photos, original recipes, and text © susan voisin. all rights reserved. do not republish content without permission. 


nutritional information is approximate and is not guaranteed to be 100% accurate. this site has no affiliation with weight watchers™️ and cannot guarantee accuracy of points™️.

we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites.

copyright © 2024 · susan voisin · privacy policy· log in 



