













cactus tattoo & body piercing | mankato tattoo & piercing artists
























































we will be closed december 23rd – december 26th







stop in for our 20% off gift card sale!
  december 16th – december 21st







mon 12pm – 6pm | tue – sat 12pm – 7pm



507.387.6601












tattoos
piercing
artists
contact us












 











cactus tattoo & body piercing
one of southern minnesota’s premier tattoo shops featuring nationally renowned tattoo and piercing artists. each of our tattoo artists specialize in different mediums ranging from portrait realism to custom design. we strive to give our customers the experience they are looking for. check out the artists’ portfolios and schedule your appointment today!
each of our artists and body piercers are licensed and regulated by the minnesota department of health. we take pride in providing a clean, safe, and professional environment that our customers can feel comfortable in.







makeba ische



karl schneider



christofer dorn



brandon bohlman



beth hamilton







tattoos
at cactus tattoo and body piercing most of our appointments are scheduled in advance, however, all of our artists do take walk-ins when they are available. our schedule may get booked up very quickly, especially on the weekends, so please make arrangements far enough in advance if you would like a secure a certain artist, day and/or time.
we take appointments monday through saturday 12pm – 8pm. we feature four full-time tattoo artists: makeba, karl, christofer and beth. take a look at their portfolios and choose your artist today!

learn more







piercings
at cactus tattoo and body piercing anything piercing related is now done on an appointment only basis, which includes, piercings, jewelry changes, ear stretching and piercings questions. due to covid-19 restrictions we are now scheduling appointments for all piercings and jewelry changes. please call us at (507) 387-6601 to schedule your piercing or with any questions you might have.
brandon is our full-time piercer, he has a vast knowledge of body piercing and over 20 years of experience. brandon is off wednesdays, and we do not have a piercer in the building that day.  please call the shop and we will be happy to get you on brandon’s schedule.

learn more



 


















507.387.6601








cactus.tattoo@yahoo.com








307 n. riverfront drive 







followfollow




copyright © 2024 – cactus tattoo



 




 
































