

 









home | john chambers college of business and economics | west virginia university




























 




skip to main content






                  
                  john chambers college of business and economics
                





about | 
          directory | 
          wvu home


apply now
give today





















future students
students
academics
research and outreach
alumni
news and events
labs and facilities


about
directory
wvu home

 


          apply now

          give today

toggle search
 










search










search





                      would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
                    


search this site



search wvu














 





where leaders are built.
at wvu's john chambers college of business and economics, we make leaders – and it all happens in our new, state-of-the-art home, reynolds hall. equipped with cutting-edge research centers, experiential learning labs, and student support hubs, reynolds is here to help you change the world.
let's get started.












at chambers, we're not just teaching students –
  we're forging trailblazers. fueled by the spirit of determination, we'll
  help you carve a path through the mundane and into your future. with cutting-edge
  labs, immersive experiences, and a relentless pursuit of excellence, we're not
  just preparing you for the world; we're preparing you to
  change it.


    let's go.
  













      the world
      demands more
      of us
backed by world class technology leaders, fortune class companies, and venture
      investors, vantage ventures is an initiative of the john chambers college of
      business and economics at west virginia university to launch high impact, scalable
      businesses that tackle complex challenges.
vantage ventures









newsroom






 the process of discovery: nima mohebbi’s journey from economics to law
february 07, 2025




 from career fair to full-time job
february 05, 2025




 let's talk business: supply chain successes
february 04, 2025








upcoming events








view full calendar









let's talkbusiness

            at chambers, we meet you where you are, and you're already on social. start following your favorite college on campus, and tag us for a chance to be featured in the student newsletter and the media wall on campus!
            












hot off the press




superior cyber



within the dr. randy and karen s. evans cybersecurity lab, a self-contained room at reynolds hall, 10 workstations, five servers and a smart tv – all connected to a secure, isolated network of its own - power the next generation of cybersecurity warriors. 

  





latest articles






in the know


            there's a lot happening in and around chambers college, and you deserve to know what's
going on. stay updated on the latest news and events, and sign up for our e-newsletter
and let it become the best email in your inbox.






sign up












  message from the dean











start your journey at chambers college 




  undergrad admissions


take your first step in your college career with us. submit your application and
  join our mountaineer business family. 
apply now


grad admissions


we have six online masters degrees so you can earn your degree at your own speed
  and accelerate your career. 

apply to graduate school










john chambers college of business and economics

  83 beechurst avenue, po box 6025
      morgantown, wv 26505
      undergraduate advising: 304.293.4959
graduate advising: 304.293.5505  administration: 304.293.4092









academics



    job placement


strategic communication


chambers it




faculty and staff


directory


digital measures


employment policies


teaching resources



apply now
give today
visit wvu







accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?


© 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
          last updated on october 30, 2024.




a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
campus directory


give to wvu
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal


wvu on facebook
wvu on twitter
wvu on youtube



























 


