








maryland association of resources for families and youth - md nonprofits
















































































facebook




x


linkedinjoin
events

calendar
2024 sponsorship opportunities


jobs
donate
login
 












about

mission, vision, values
history
staff and board
annual reports
news
blog
donate to maryland nonprofits
store
contact


nonprofits: get help

raise money
strengthen my board
advocate for my mission
nonprofit accelerator
nonprofit development center
nonprofit learning library
service provider directory


what we offer

standards for excellence
membership

nonprofit member benefits
associate member benefits
member directory


maryland latinos unidos

maryland latinos unidos – en español


marfy

join marfy


consulting & legal

our consultants
customized training
bylaws review
flat fee annual compliance package
nonprofit governance assessment


start a nonprofit

nonprofit startup packages
do-it-yourself steps to start a nonprofit
professional development




our impact

standards accreditation and recognition
advocacy

public policy updates
decade of policy with maryland nonprofits


nonprofit research
maryland quality of life dashboard
charge up collaborative


support nonprofits

donate
volunteer
advocate
my business offers services to nonprofits
2024 sponsorship opportunities


 





select page


  
 



 







home of the standards for excellence institute



 











marfy










maryland nonprofits is proud to be the home of the maryland association of resources for families and youth (marfy).
marfy is an association of private child caring organizations providing foster care, group homes, and other services through more than 200 programs across maryland. marfy advocates on behalf of the provider community through its lobbyist in annapolis and its member-led coalitions to improve the state’s system of care for the youth and families it serves. marfy has furthered legislative interests such as rate-setting, labor laws, foster care and placement regulations, and procurement issues and is now considered the “go-to” group for state officials seeking provider input on the system of care in maryland.
 

donate to marfy





mission
marfy’s mission is to protect and enhance integrated systems of care that ensure youth and families in maryland achieve optimal well-being.



vision
every youth and family in maryland has access to the resources they need to be safe, healthy, and achieve long-term success.





core values

sustaining a diverse community of providers
hearing the voices of people with lived experience
promoting justice, diversity, inclusion, and equity
implementing trauma informed care
maintaining integrated systems of care
supporting children, youth, and families


goals


utilize evidence, data, and research to improve the system of care.

advocate for the state to commission an independent study of the impact of the current child caring system on youth, with attention to safety, well-being, and health.
follow national and state research and data to inform providers, state agencies and policymakers about the best practices and how best to promote them in maryland.


achieve greater effectiveness and efficiency in the way that provider agencies are funded and regulated.

explore options for reform of the funding mechanisms for “money follows the youth” and other models that will enable long-term relationships and greater well-being.
collect and address “micro-cases” of bureaucratic issues that cause unnecessary strain on children/families and on providers and address them collectively through advocacy.


give voice to children and families to enable the system to be more responsive to their needs.

gather stories and other input from children and families to share how they feel the system of care can be improved.
explore multi-media communications to raise their voices.
promote improvements to the system of care based on the input of children and families.


enable maryland’s community of service providers to network, share information, and build their capacity for excellence.

hold conference, workshops, and events that promote the good work of providers, enable providers to network with each other and with the state and promote youth achievement.
provide forums to take collective action and share information through coalitions and online forums.
ensure sustainability through partnerships, increasing member benefits, grant and sponsor support, and making dues more affordable.







staff & executive council
as a program of maryland nonprofits, the marfy executive council provides guidance and advice to the governing board of directors of maryland nonprofits related to marfy member programming. the executive council is comprised of the highest-ranking staff person at each membership organization that wishes to be represented. all members of marfy may be represented on the council. for more information about the executive council, please contact keron sadler.







keron r.  sadler
executive director
maryland association of resources for families and youthread bio






simone bramble
chair
pressley ridgeread bio






bryon fracchia
vice-chair
nexus woodburneread bio








robert basler
policy chair
arrow child & family ministriesread bio






steve acerno
policy chair
the arc northern chesapeake regionread bio






ashley willis
secretary
the arc – baltimoreread bio






learn more about marfy membership and join today!





what we offerstandards for excellence
membership
maryland latinos unidos
marfy
consulting & legal
start a nonprofit
professional development
advocacy


related resources
join marfy







keron r. sadler​


keron r. sadler is the executive director of the maryland association of resources for families and youth (marfy)where she is responsible for developing the strategy, goals, and tactics for marfy as the statewide voice for child welfare providers and the larger community of nonprofits that serve children and youth.
before joining marfy, keron served as the inaugural ceo for the md lgbt chamber of commerce where she executed sound business practices to level up the organization. for almost a decade, she was the national health manager and lgbtq staff lead at the n.a.a.c.p. headquarters, which is the oldest civil rights grassroots organization fighting for equality for all people.
a change agent across diverse national sectors, she has a proven track record of mobilizing communities around complex issues using innovative approaches. as a pioneer leader, she executes and sustains organizational strategies to attain optimal goals. understanding the significant impact that diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei)can have based on systemic and institutional changes, she is a committed dei trainer facilitating challenges through education and awareness to influence behavioral change.
she serves in the united states army reserve as a 1st lieutenant chaplain and also has formal training as an mft psychotherapist at pfeiffer university. keron holds a bachelor of arts degree from american baptist college, a master of divinity degree from hood theological seminary, and a dei certificate from cornell university. keron is the founder of krs ministries and a co-author of the daily dose of direction devotional for women in business. additionally, keron is an ordained elder in the amez church.








chloe perez​


chloe started at hearts & homes in 2000 and worked for two years as a social worker while she was working on her masters. she returned in 2010 and was hired as the program administrator, responsible for oversight of all residential treatment care programs and was a driving force behind projects that enabled us to better serve the varied and changing needs of our young people. she is a licensed certified clinical social worker and certified mental health first aid trainer. she serves on two non-profit boards and sits on the commission for children and youth.
chloe has been working with children, adolescents, and families in the state of maryland for the past 8 years, with over 20 years of experience in social work and child welfare. she is committed to providing the best behavioral and mental health services for the youth in our care and to find ways to better serve youth and families who are at-risk.








steve acerno

steve acerno is a licensed social worker with over twenty years of experience in the child welfare field. he is currently the treatment foster care director at the arc northern chesapeake region in harford county.
steve’s experience ranges from providing direct clinical services in private residential and out-patient settings, to working as a foster care supervisor through a local department of social services agency, and currently overseeing a treatment foster care program.
steve is passionate about advocating for vulnerable youth and families as well as working on the goal of finding permanency for children in the foster care system. steve is excited about the opportunity to represent marfy as the chair of the executive council and looking forward to strengthening marfy’s partnerships with stakeholders across the state.








ralph d. belk, licsw, lcsw-c


ralph d. belk is the deputy executive director, of program administration with the national center for children and families (nccf). serving in this role for the last 16 years, mr. belk provides clinical and program administrative oversight, regulatory and contractual compliance, and overall team leadership to nccf direct service programs through program level integration, quality assurance, supervision, and training, outcome measurement, and financial management. mr. belk participates as a member of the executive management team for agency-wide decision-making, problem solving, planning, and evaluation of agency problems and policies. he promotes locally and nationally, through program research, conference presentations, and writings, the societal and community need to support healthy child and family development, and well-being, and to ameliorate the negative impact of current social and economic challenges.
mr. belk is a licensed social worker with over 30 years of administrative and direct practice experience in child welfare and human service fields working with high-risk children, youth, and families. he has also served as president of nasw dc metro chapter as well past president of the district’s consortium of child welfare. 
mr. belk is a native washingtonian, graduating from the district of columbia public schools. he obtained his bachelor of science in social work from texas christian university in 1991 and his masters of social work from case western reserve university in 1995. 
 








robert basler


robert basler is associate vice president at arrow child and family ministries, where he oversees residential, foster care, and community services. mr. basler has a bachelors in psychology from loyola university and a masters in social work from the university of maryland, baltimore. he is a trust-based relational intervention practitioner.








ashley willis

 ashley was born, raised and currently resides in baltimore county, maryland. she has obtained a bachelor of arts in social work from salisbury university and bachelors in sociology from the university of maryland eastern shore. ashley then went on to graduate from the university of maryland school of social work with a masterof social work where she had a clinical and management concentration in child and family social work.
ashley is currently employed as the director of foster care &amp; clinical services for the arc baltimore. in this position she enjoys watching her staff grow professionally and clinically, while supporting the needs of the youth that they serve. ashley enjoys working with adolescent and teens and she has a history of professional service in many facets of child welfare, both the public and private arenas. ashley has received extensive training in child trauma including trauma focused-cognitive behavior therapy. she has worked with children and families who have experienced mental health and behavioral concerns as well as intellectual and developmental disabilities.
during her downtime ashley enjoys traveling the caribbean with her husband and six year old daughter, spending time with her family or in church where she is a member of steward board, stewardship and finance committee and is vice president of missionary society. her current focus is on expanding her knowledge both clinically and spiritually.





































location & contact





1500 union avenuesuite 2500baltimore, md 21211410.727.6367

get directions

find us on social media

privacy policy
terms of use

followfollowfollowfollow

share feedback



blog




a new version of the standards for excellence to be launched in two days

feb 18, 2025in just two days, february 20th, a new version of the standards for excellence: an ethics and accountability code for the nonprofit sector, will be officially launched.




press release: maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants

jan 29, 2025maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants, provide adequate notice for funding changes, honor existing contracts, and maintain essential services.




take action: testimony needed by monday to support raising indirect cost minimum rate

jan 17, 2025by henry bogdan, public policy director, maryland nonprofits  the senate...






quick links

about
donate
contact




 




 


































