































illinois paint horse association












skip to main navigation
skip to main content




main print heading
print subheading




illinois paint horse association
an affiliate of the american paint horse association












home
contact us
futurity








welcome to ipha




welcome to the official website for the illinois paint horse association 
    (ipha).
our main purpose is to provide information to members regarding the show season, 
        meeting minutes, points, and happenings in the ipha. check back frequently for 
        the latest meeting minutes, show results, high point standings, show photos, and 
        club news.





home
officers/directors
committees
high point rules/bylaws
newsletter
meeting minutes
forms
directory
high point award sponsors
ijphc

officers
committees
rules/bylaws
meeting minutes
youth news
youth team tournament
member of the month
ipha scholarship

shows

stall reservation form
pre-entry forms
schedules
shows bills
show results
high point standings
patterns

classified
futurity
zone 5 information
faqs
photo gallery

2016 banquet photos
2019 banquet photos
2020 banquet photos
show photos

links


bulletin board
2024-02-22

show bills/schedules and year end results

2024-01-24
hello ipha membership!
        
as your new president for 2024, i am excited to take over the reins to head up the club.
        
first and foremost, thank you to shelly and all the board members for an outstanding job in such a very tough economy.  second, thanks to all the show managers for all your hard work that sometimes goes unnoticed. thank you to all the show help, club members and office help--without you, our shows would not have been a success.
        
since this is not my first time as president, i know the input from our members is what also makes us a success--so please come talk to me or call me anytime at 618-322-6085.  my promise to you is i will listen and try every possible way to fix it so our shows will grow and continue to be successful.
        
i can’t wait to see you all at our 2024 shows. best of luck!
        
fred cole
        2024 ipha president
2024-01-24
ipha breeders futurity
        
as we enter our 54th year for the stallion service sale and futurity, we are excited to offer the same great slate of classes from weanlings to 5 year olds. for 2024, the painted for success futurity will also be held with our show, offering weanling halter classes, and a chance for you to show at two futurities under one roof!  please take a moment to visit the futurity website, look at the stallions available, read the rules on how to be a part of this great program paying out over $30,000, and review the list of eligible stallions!  we look forward to seeing you in september!
        
thank you, carri hansen, futurity committee
last updated: 2/22/2024 5:45:25 pm











©copyright 2014 • all rights reserved • illinois paint horse association
webboss@illinoispainthorse.com
 
brought to you by: greg dirst




main print footer






