


























faculty of engineering and information sciences - university of wollongong – uow


 
 
 
 

















skip to content




              we use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you personalised advertising. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy



ok, thanks



















search
give
library
current students
staff
uow globalour global presenceuow in dubaiuow in hong konguow in indiauow in malaysia

menu
        












    study at uow
  


study at uow

 courses 
 apply 
 pathways to university 
 scholarships & grants 
 high school students 
 non-school leavers 
 postgraduate students 
 international students 
 campuses 
 accommodation 
 moving to wollongong 
 study abroad & exchange 

study at uow 
close





    engage
  


engage

 future student 
 schools, parents & carers 
 alumni  
 woolyungah indigenous centre 
 visit uow 
 visit the library 
 uow local 
 uow sport 
 give to uow 
 volunteer 
 key contacts 
 50th anniversary 

engage with us 
close





    about uow
  


about uow

 welcome 
 faculties & schools 
 locations, campuses & partners 
 global presence 
 our people 
 reputation & experience 
 vision & strategy 
 aboriginal & torres strait islander strategy 
 what's on 
 services 
 media centre 
 key contacts 

see more about uow 
close





    research
  


research

 our research 
 researcher support 
 research impact 
 graduate research school 
 commercial research 
 global challenges 
 media, news & events 
 find an expert 
 our people 

see more about research 
close





    industry
  


industry

 generator lab 
 advantage sme 
 success stories 
 industry research engagement 
 equipment & labs 
 funding opportunities 
 intellectual property 
 collaboration for business 
 collaboration for researchers 

see more about industry 
close





    alumni
  


alumni

 events & webinars 
 benefits 
 your career journey 
 alumni stories 
 awards 
 honorary alumni 
 volunteer 
 give to uow 
 testamurs & transcripts 
 update your details 
 contact us & faqs 

see more about alumni 
close





    quick links
  


quick links

 key contacts 
 staff intranet 
 campus maps 
 transport & parking 
 key dates 
 events 
 password management 
 jobs 
 accommodation 
 policy directory 

close


library






















you are here

more pages



homeabout uowour faculties and schoolsfaculty of engineering and information sciences



faculty of engineering and information sciencesabout usour peoplecourses & study optionscurrent studentsschools & entitiesresearchcontact usnews & eventsshow more





 faculty of engineering and information sciences







the faculty of engineering and information sciences has a world-class reputation for excellence in research, strong collaborations with industry and government partners, and innovative approaches to teaching and learning. 


study with us


equity, diversity and inclusion


support services


scholarships





this is an exciting period in human history for anyone wanting to make the world a better place. increasing world populations combined with rapid advances in knowledge in mathematics, physics, engineering, computer science, information technology and social and organisational change are creating remarkable and challenging opportunities for the next generation of creative and innovative professionals.
as a student of the faculty of engineering and information sciences (eis), you become part of a community of creative problem solvers who design, invent and revolutionize. you will be taught by staff at the forefront of their fields in world class facilities while working  on real-world problems to ensure you develop the skills needed to lead and innovate.
we welcome you to explore our website and discover more about us and our strengths.






        welcome from the executive dean
      
senior professor gursel alici addresses new students of the faculty of engineering and information sciences, with a welcome message.


hello everybody, i am senior professor gursel alici, executive dean of the faculty of engineering and information sciences as the executive dean, it's my great pleasure to welcome you all to the faculty of engineering and information sciences.
the oldest faculty at the university of wollongong, which was born out of steel making and mining more than 50 years ago. we are very excited to have you as our students, you are coming to a faculty with proven reputation in education and research and training the next generation of world students. you are starting a new journey which will open new horizons, new opportunities, new skills, new networks and new friends for your life.
the university of wollongong, as well as faculty of engineering and information sciences disciplines are continuously ranked in the top one percent of universities worldwide, especially our engineering programs are consistently ranked in the top 100 in the world. do you know what one of the strategic goals of the university of wollongong is? to empower our students for their future, we are well equipped, motivated and prepared to facilitate and witness this journey together with you.
we are here to give you the skills which will be the keys to open any door, in fact in the recent australian government's quality indicators for learning and teaching qilt employer satisfaction survey became at the top of the pack in engineering and information sciences. nationwide employer satisfaction was rated highest for graduates of university of wollongong, we believe that education goes far beyond learning facts it's about lifelong learning skills.
as isaac asimov said many years ago, "education isn't something you can finish", at the end of this journey you are starting today, you will get new academic and soft skills to see the world with a wider angle. we are excited to witness and facilitate your journey, please try to make most out of it academically, socially, and personally. we want you to be all rounders, who are aware of local and global issues, respect different cultures, different people, make responsible decisions. please do enjoy your journey and make the most out of it. welcome again, i wish you best of luck and take care of yourself. looking forward to seeing you all on our campuses. 




            show transcript
          


hello everybody, i am senior professor gursel alici, executive dean of the faculty of engineering and information sciences as the executive dean, it's my great pleasure to welcome you all to the faculty of engineering and information sciences.
the oldest faculty at the university of wollongong, which was born out of steel making and mining more than 50 years ago. we are very excited to have you as our students, you are coming to a faculty with proven reputation in education and research and training the next generation of world students. you are starting a new journey which will open new horizons, new opportunities, new skills, new networks and new friends for your life.
the university of wollongong, as well as faculty of engineering and information sciences disciplines are continuously ranked in the top one percent of universities worldwide, especially our engineering programs are consistently ranked in the top 100 in the world. do you know what one of the strategic goals of the university of wollongong is? to empower our students for their future, we are well equipped, motivated and prepared to facilitate and witness this journey together with you.
we are here to give you the skills which will be the keys to open any door, in fact in the recent australian government's quality indicators for learning and teaching qilt employer satisfaction survey became at the top of the pack in engineering and information sciences. nationwide employer satisfaction was rated highest for graduates of university of wollongong, we believe that education goes far beyond learning facts it's about lifelong learning skills.
as isaac asimov said many years ago, "education isn't something you can finish", at the end of this journey you are starting today, you will get new academic and soft skills to see the world with a wider angle. we are excited to witness and facilitate your journey, please try to make most out of it academically, socially, and personally. we want you to be all rounders, who are aware of local and global issues, respect different cultures, different people, make responsible decisions. please do enjoy your journey and make the most out of it. welcome again, i wish you best of luck and take care of yourself. looking forward to seeing you all on our campuses.







our schools









school of civil, mining, environmental and architectural engineering











school of computing and information technology











school of electrical, computer and telecommunications engineering











school of mathematics and applied statistics











school of mechanical, materials, mechatronic and biomedical engineering











school of physics









research strengths









australian power quality research centre











centre for medical radiation physics











national institute for applied statistics research australia











sustainable buildings research centre











smart infrastructure facility











steel research hub


















events











industry and partnerships











maker space











research













latest news







from uow media




from the stand




from the faculty














students

17 february 2025
high school students get a taste of university life
from science and law to the arts and technology, students can explore their interests and experience campus life at uow discovery days








science and technology

17 february 2025
centre for medical radiation physics celebrates 25 years of research breakthroughs
world-renowned researchers and clinicians to recognise milestone at prestigious conference this week 








community, research

11 february 2025
forging innovation
highlights from the third steel research hub symposium












arts and culture, science and technology

living the dream job
uow graduates consistently rank among the top in australia for employer satisfaction.* these alumni are living proof of how a uow degree is your ticket to a dream career. 








science and technology

a beam of hope
a passion and curiosity for how the world works is what motivates dr posar to continue her career in physics.








alumni

celebrating women in engineering
considering studying engineering? here’s how a bachelor of engineering can open doors to a wide range of careers.













5 december 2024
intrapreneurship/entrepreneurship and innovation workshop










29 august 2024
young vietnamese researcher with a passion for structural engineering









environment and energy

10 april 2024
$4.2 million secured to decarbonise steel production
research project aims to revolutionise the steel industry and bring net-zero one stop closer







view eis news & media archive
view more from the stand
view eis news & media archive









scroll to top






services & help

current students
library
information technology
accommodation
security & safety
pool, gym & retail



news, media & events

media centre
the stand
events
find an expert



faculties

arts, social sciences & humanities
business & law
engineering & information sciences
science, medicine & health



administration

graduation
environment
policy directory
learning & teaching
financial services
access to information
jobs



uow entities

innovation campus
uow college australia
uow college hong kong
uow in dubai
uow global enterprises
uow india
uow malaysia
uow pulse



 connect with us
















contact us
feedback
give to uow
 
 










northfields ave wollongong,  nsw 2522  australia phone: 1300 367 869 international: +61 2 4221 3218 switchboard: +61 2 4221 3555







 
on the lands that we study, we walk, and we live, we acknowledge and respect the traditional custodians and cultural knowledge holders of these lands.

copyright © 2025 university of wollongongcricos provider no: 00102e | teqsa provider id: prv12062 | abn: 61 060 567 686copyright & disclaimer | privacy & cookie usage | web accessibility statement











close









search













 



