


chihuahua puppy chihuahuas for sale chihuahua breeder
chihuahua puppies chihuahua dog breeders long haired chihuahua puppy
chihuahua puppy for sale tiny teacup chihuahua for sale chihuahua pups
chihuahua breeders blue chihuahua for sale chihuahua puppy breeders
chihuahua dog for sale teacup chihuahua breeders chihuahua long hair
chihuahua chihuahua dog teacup chihuahua long coat chihuahua akc
chihuahua chihuahua dog for sale long hair chihuahua breeders chihuahua
breeders florida chihuahua rescue florida akc chihuahua breeders long
haired chihuahua breeders ueyshomeraisedpuppies.com
























uey's chihuahuas 
looking for a reputable chihuahua puppy breeder? look no further than uey's
looking for a rescue or well-cared for retired chihuahua from our breeding program? click the chihuahua link above or below.


chihuahua puppies for sale! welcome to the internet home of uey's chihuahuas. we encourage personal pickup at our home. we are very proud to show off the living conditions of our akc dogs and have buyers meet the parents and see the relatives. if everyone would demand to see the living conditions, the abuse would finally end and bad breeders that appear to be good on the surface, would all go out of business. our dogs do not live in a bedroom or garage in crates; like most breeding dogs do. for those that cannot visit, we meet people at the airport and hand deliver , but never ship. it is not that expensive to safely pick up a puppy by carrying them on the plane rather than putting them alone in cargo. we deal with people from around the country often. we are a classy, small florida kennel located next to the villages, that breeds short coat chihuahua puppies and long coat chihuahua puppies. we breed many colors including blues, merles, brindles, and chocolates, but exclusively breed chihuahuas. uey's  is located in summerfield florida and sells pure bred chihuahua puppies from akc registered parents. every chihuahua puppy and their parents are home raised with love and care. if you're looking for a quality chihuahua puppy that will not disappoint,  you have come to the right place. we sometimes have many chihuahua puppies for sale, but keep in mind we are not a puppy mill. we care far too much about the condition and treatment of our chihuahua pups and adults, and allow visitors to see all living conditions and individually meet our dogs. we offer a wide selection of chihuahua puppies, but most of our puppies are tiny apple heads. we are a reputable chihuahua breeder and strive to offer only quality genetically tested chihuahua pups. we are also a florida internet chihuahua rescue center at uey's kennels and will help rescued chihuahuas find a permanent and loving home; by posting them on our website, when people contact us with a dog in need. please do not contact us asking for a tea cup. we do not like the use of that term because it has too many different meanings. simply go to the chihuahua puppy page and you can see all of the predicted weights of the puppies along with the prices. be sure to notice the pictures of the lovely parents and the link to see the video of the puppy. if you go to google and look us up, you can read lots of positive reviews from our past customers.
 we do not spend precious time at dog shows that could be spent spoiling our adults and puppies because we no longer need to prove anything after being in business since 1992 and have a very reputable name. someone is always home with these dogs and puppies. with an appointment, you can visit just about anytime including all holidays. we never leave our dogs alone and do not go on vacations or even to restaurants. these dogs are our life. we have no outside jobs either and believe this is the only way to properly run a business like this. it takes total dedication! if you need advice or help in how to raise your chihuahua we have lots of informative chihuahua information on our website and youtube channel. we can tell you not only about the chihuahua puppies that we currently have for sale but also the proper care and instruction on how to properly raise one of these very special babies. chihuahuas are very trainable and make excellent pets. please have a look around our website.  it is formatted a little differently because we started the website decades ago; way before most of our competitors that claim to be in business for as long as we have. get your new family member from uey's chihuahuas, one that will not get sick on you or end up with a genetic disorder down the road. all puppies come with a health certificate from the vet and a genetic guarantee from us. they are micro chipped and have their dewclaws removed. they are also trained to go potty on reusable pee pee pads, but can easily be trained to go outdoors.





 













 





available chihuahua puppies 






past puppies





about the breeder





chihuahua adults (available retired or rescued) 






call or text anytime for more info 352-427-7662  





available chihuahua puppies






references





about the breeder





chihuahua adults (available retired or rescued) 





located near the villages and ocala florida.
352-427-7662 text or call anytime
click on yellow lettering above or below to see puppy pages. 
  

welcome to uey's. all of our dogs were bred by the very health and beauty conscious breeder and are genetically sound!





available chihuahua puppies






directions





about the breeder





chihuahua adults (available retired or rescued) 







i do not ship, but will hand deliver (cont. us) for $1.75 a mile calculated from summerfield florida


write for more pictures or information. email: ueyspups@gmail.com warning: texting is way more reliable. a lot of my emails do not go through.
352-427-7662  (any time of day or night and we will reply during normal hours unless you state otherwise)
to read a lot of important information about us and the care of our canine family, click here. 
  
to see puppies go to top bar of this page. 


at uey's, all our dogs are provided with the best of everything. even if you do not physically visit a kennel prior to buying, pretend like you are on the phone and ask how the adults are housed. if they focus on the puppies and avoid talking about the adults, this is a very bad sign. insist that you want to know how the parents of the puppies live, and you do not want to drive all the way there just to turn back around. if they do not have positive things to say and try to meet you half way, they are very likely abusing their dogs. if a breeder does not care about their dogs, they do not care about your puppy. there is a very good possibility your puppy may develop genetic problems or be sick. stay away from puppymills. let the buyer beware!
 
click here to read. top ten reasons not to buy from a petshop and to adopt a rescue dog. 
  
all puppies come with a health guarantee and are vet checked. many of our dogs have strong champion lines. we only raise chihuahuas. all of our dogs are akc registered. 

 

 

 
 (confused about how to find a good breeder and not be cheated?
click here to download my book "that's not a teacup"
the art of puppy mill avoidance
an inside look at the cruel and deceptive world of dog breeding.) 
  
 
please download my book for only $2.99 now if you are considering buying from a pet shop or a puppymiller with a fancy website that is trying to make you think they are a nice puppy place! if you look at puppymill videos, they will turn your stomach! beware! there are thousands of puppymills out there!they're everywhere! check your breeder out! ask questions! at least act like you are going to visit. ask how they house their dogs, not just their puppies. crates and cages=puppymills. if they start talking about how akc or the usda was just there and they passed inspection, run. that is a sure sign they are a puppymill. puppymills love to throw that line at the public to get them off track. inspections mean nothing! the akc and the usda are mostly concerned with paperwork, not conditions. the usda, for instance, only requires 6 inches of space per dog per side. that is horrific! the public needs to start looking down on people that support puppymills and pet shops! please do not think that i think all breeders but myself are puppymills. some breeders treat their dogs even better than i treat mine. i just mention puppymills so much because i have seen a few in person, and absolutely, without question, hate (yes i said hate) the humans that run them!
  
 
 

not sure what a puppymill is??? go to youtube and type it in. what you see will make you vomit if you do not have a strong stomach and love dogs. 
references
past puppy pictures
directions to my property
contact information
chihuahua puppies
puppymill info


  


write for more pictures or information. email: ueyspups@gmail.com (not reliable like texting or calling is)
texting at 352-427-7662 will get you the fastest response
(puppy mills are everywhere. click here to learn how to spot one.)


beware of puppy places in penbrook pines florida. there is a huge puppy mill there that changes their name often. they have been arrested for abuse, and sell lots of puppies from abused parents. if you love dogs, you will investigate your breeder.



uey's homeraised puppies 
when you're only looking for the best, visit uey's. 
located in summerfield florida
phone: 352-427-7662

 




home 
 
puppymill info 
food info 
past puppies 
microchip info 




contact     stud service directions references about us 
  




 
 






  









