





deadhorse lodge - mercer, wi 































reservations











aboutabout the resorthistoryresort mapthe flowagethe lodgesoverviewlodge rates and amenitiesavailabilityphotossunken horse saloonactivitiesactivities overviewrentalslocal attractionsfishingkayakinghuntingwildlifewinter activitiesguest galleryall galleriesfamily funfishingkayakinglocal attractionsaround the lodgeviewswildlifephoto submissioneventscontact menu



reservations




















world class
fishing

                   







explore endless shorelines
kayaking







 


rugged luxury in the heart of the northwoods


whether you’re planning a relaxing family getaway, a fishing or hunting excursion, a kayaking expedition or a winter adventure, deadhorse lodge llp provides an unforgettable immersion into the some of the last truly unspoiled wilderness in wisconsin. located on the pristine, virtually undeveloped turtle flambeau flowage, deadhorse lodge llp offers seven premium cabin rentals, several with year-round availability, pier access and excellent water views. with tv, fully equipped kitchens, tasteful decor and updated furniture, our deluxe cabins provide all the comforts and amenities of home combined with the scenery, privacy and peace that are unique to the turtle flambeau flowage. plus, our beach-front tiki bar and fire pit provide hours of relaxing entertainment for all ages.
      
with more miles of shoreline and underwater habitats than much larger waters, the nearly 19,000-acre flowage offers a world-class fishing experience for the experienced and novice alike. a class “a” musky zone, the flowage also provides exceptional walleye and smallmouth bass fishing, as well as largemouth bass, perch, crappie, bluegill, northern pike and more. no matter how many times you’ve fished the flowage, its endless inlets, points and islands guarantee you’ll always find a new place to explore. many guests compare its varied geography to the boundary waters along the minnesota/canada border. numerous boat launches are available throughout the flowage along with several guide services to help you make the most of your stay.
      

some of the amenities at deadhorse include:
      

boat ramp & docking
sand beach with swim-to raft
playground for the kids
outdoor fire pit and tiki bar
kayak and motorboat rentals
miles of hiking and biking trails
miles of winter trails for skiing and snowmobiling
piers with electric outlets
fish cleaning house









 















view full guest gallery











home
about
the cabins
activities
guest gallery
events
contact






the legend of deadhorse
in a place and time when survival depended on wood for shelter, heat and other basic necessities, a company of loggers took a winter risk that didn't pay off. transporting felled trees over ice was far more efficient than hauling them over land, and one fateful day the men drove their team of horses over a lake they thought to be frozen solid. the horses fell through and today the body of water is known as deadhorse lake.




 






mercer chamber of commerce
turtle flambeau flowage association



                        copyright © 2025, deadhorse lodge llp
                    










