


playswellwithothers



























monday, december 17, 2007



         random thoughts #50
    


--the grocery store i patronize, "hen house," is usually pretty good about hiring high school eye-candy to bag my groceries. but lately, it appears they've been recruiting from the school's chess club. horn-rimmed glasses and acne galore. do you think "hotter checkout boys" would be inappropriate to leave on a comment card? right below "more lactaid milk, please."--my back yard has become a dog park. the daughter of my neighbor, katie, has recently adopted two strays, "adelaide" and "leland." since they don't have a fenced yard, i offered to let them come play in my yard (with casey of course) when she wants to let them out for a while. fourteen holes, two chewed rain gutters and several destroyed dog toys later, i am regretting this decision.--i'm almost embarrassed to admit this, but i'm becoming addicted to world extreme cagefighting. true, it's violent and barbaric, but i just can't stop watching it. perhaps it has something to do with hot guys romping around in a cage barefoot. or maybe it has everything to do with that, who knows.--i watched the final episode of dexter on showtime last night. best. show. ever.



posted by dave @ 9:43 pm
1 comments






friday, july 27, 2007



         i think it may be time
    


i meet so many of these criteria. after 716 posts, this will be my last. at least for now...



posted by dave @ 9:28 am
3 comments






thursday, july 19, 2007



         who's the predator?
    


i had the misfortune of watching dateline nbc's "to catch a predator" last night. now, i understand the importance of deterring adults from having sex with children; i wouldn't in a million years condone that behavior. but this dateline show is completely over the top. i'd like to see the statistics for how often 13-year old girls invite 55-year old men to their empty house for sexual exploration. i mean, really. does this actually happen in real life? i'm clearly not an expert on this topic, but it seems as though most child molestation cases involve unwilling victims. i appreciate that by definition, "prey" implies someone that is defenseless against an attacker, but i don't believe that defenseless prey actually encourage their predators. case in point: the bunnies in my back yard never invite casey under the shed for an exploratory romp. ever. and by the way--i hope nbc is funding all of the police overtime for this crap. does it really take 10 armed policemen in swat outfits and sophisticated surveillance equipment to apprehend an overweight, middle-aged computer technician with a hard-on? do they really need to throw them to the ground as they're bursting into tears? i concede that these guys are idiots, and they shouldn't have been doing what they were doing, but the unnecessary drama is completely distasteful. in my opinion, the real predators are nbc and the advertisers that profit from overly-dramatized, completely contrived tales of illicit sex with post-pubescent teens and mix it with the public's fascination with watching embarrassing and uncomfortable situations. that is the ultimate entrapment.  shame on the men that accepted an invitation for sex from a slutty little teenager. but most of all, shame on you, nbc. you make me want to puke.  



posted by dave @ 12:28 pm
3 comments






sunday, july 08, 2007



         cheerleaders in kc aren't so smart (or cute)
    


someone needs to tell this poor thing that the kc royals baseball stadium doesn't, umm, have a roof.



posted by dave @ 2:24 pm
0 comments









         peek pic 185
    


a saturday night date with matt. we won!



posted by dave @ 2:21 pm
2 comments






sunday, july 01, 2007



         i think i like baseball
    


i get "spin" magazine thanks to a pathetically cute 10-year-old girl selling door-to-door. i don't usually read it, rather, i tend to leaf through the ads and look at the grungy cute boys in emo bands. but today, i came across an ad that really caught my eye--an advertisement for "the bigs," a video game from 2k sports ("where pastime meets prime time with epic arcade baseball action!"). here's the full-page ad:i'm fairly certain that "the bigs" isn't targeted directly at my demographic group, but this ad made me do a double-take. take a look at a close-up of the animated version of albert pujols of the st. louis cardinals:this image was placed directly under the caption "bust out the big lumber," which apparently albert is about to do. when i showed this to tim (a graphic designer), he said "and let me tell you, girl, enhancing your package digitally is hard--they did that shit on purpose." [note: i'm guessing tim only read about that somewhere, as opposed to trying it on his own package for his gay.com photos.].well, that's really it. i just wanted to share. i'm gonna go bust out the big lumber now...  



posted by dave @ 5:16 pm
2 comments






saturday, june 30, 2007



         peek pic 184
    


i think casey needs a new workout partner. the one he has now is b-o-o-o-ring.



posted by dave @ 9:06 am
1 comments






wednesday, june 27, 2007



         random thoughts #49
    


--is it me, or has the discovery channel all of a sudden become the mike rowe channel? i mean, i like the guy--he's good-looking, has a great voice and good sense of humor. but come on, discovery. does he really need to be on 22 of the 24 hours?--i can smell my flip-flops from across the room. that's seriously disgusting. what's funny is that none of my other shoes smells bad. but these... whew! i think i may run them through the dishwasher.--my mom called to tell me that it had rained 18 inches overnight at their house just outside of austin, texas. my first thought: no way could it rain that much. that's like noah's ark rain. i sent her an e-mail asking her if that was "mom inches" (she has a track record of exaggerating for effect), but she denied it. turns out, it did rain that much, and the 24-hour record in texas is 38.2. damn. that's a lotta watta. and then this morning, marble falls (their town) was on the today show! go mf!--i'm always amazed at how many people pack those giant mega-churches to listen to preachers like joel osteen or joyce meyer. when they pan out and show the crowd (nodding and saying "amen," of course) there are thousands of them. i wonder what the people on the top level in the worst seats get out of that. i bet they think that somehow they're getting extra points with their god for physically attending, because you know it sucks to park and hike all the way up there. i wonder if they sell hot dogs...--i was thinking about writing a post today on the varying quality of toilet paper and how my white-trash booty actually prefers the cheaper brands. but then i thought it might be interesting to write a post on the varying techniques for wiping my ass. i know the topic is gross, but what if i'm doing it wrong? hell, i don't even remember how i learned. how long of a strip do you pull from the roll? double-swipe? triple-swipe? do you look at it before tossing it? i need to know these things. i smell a video coming on. literally.



posted by dave @ 9:38 pm
1 comments






monday, june 25, 2007



         nessun dorma
    


this makes me cry every single time i watch it... 



posted by dave @ 9:57 pm
1 comments









         listening skills
    


subway employee: "hi, welcome to subway. what can i get you today?"me: "i'll have a 6-inch chicken terryaki on wheat with no cheese, please. toasted."employee: "coming right up!" [puts on gloves, opens up the oven]. "what kind of bread did you say?"me: "wheat."employee: "gotcha! [places bread on counter]. six-inch or foot long?"me: "six-inch."employee: "oh that's right, you said that already. and it was chicken breast, right?"me: "no, chicken terryaki."employee: "no prob. and what kind of cheese would you like?"me: "umm, no cheese."employee: "toasted?"me: [glares]. "yes."is it me, or do the subway people do this on purpose? i've been doing a little informal poll lately, and not one has been able to get through my simple order without asking me to repeat at least one item. in contrast, how the hell do the waiters/waitresses at nicer restaurants take orders for eight people without a pen and paper and never seem to get it wrong? clearly a skill set subway doesn't teach. 



posted by dave @ 6:04 pm
4 comments






monday, june 18, 2007



         peek pic 182
    


weekend getaway.



posted by dave @ 5:53 am
1 comments






tuesday, june 12, 2007



         hello again, hello.
    


allow me to re-introduce myself.i'm dave. i'm 37 32 29 very mature  for my age and live in kansas. i ride motorcycles, have a beagle and occasionally (ok, ever so often) (ok, fine, hardly ever) have think about homosexual sex. i used to write a lot in my blog when i had a cushy job that paid me lots of money to pick my nose and make videos during working hours. but that's all changed. and i'm so much happier...in the last few months (though it's seemed like 2 years) i've started a new company with my best friend, roommate and now business partner, tim. we're doing awesome so far. it's going to rock. seriously. we launch officially in mid-july. you will not get details until then (well, unless you have naked pictures of yourself someone hot to trade for snippets of information). or you could guess.i have to admit, i'm a little rusty at this blogging thing. i could barely remember my login, haven't looked at the blog for several weeks (months?), and i'm sad to report i haven't had time to return the favor of those that keep track of mine. hopefully, you'll understand when you see what we've put together. i promise a full length video of everything we've done. penis swear.until then, here's a lil sumin' sumin' to keep you entertained. see if you can watch it without clenching your jaw!



posted by dave @ 8:09 pm
13 comments











about me

name:  dave 
location:  fairway, kansas, united states 
no politics, no celebrity gossip, no pictures of shirtless boys. yeah, that's right, you have to read. you'll live, trust me.
view my complete profile



"me" stuff


100 things about me
what's a peek pic?
proust questionnaire
my top 5 favorite posts
my favorite clothing brand

recent posts

random thoughts #50
i think it may be time
who's the predator?
cheerleaders in kc aren't so smart (or cute)
peek pic 185
i think i like baseball
peek pic 184
random thoughts #49
nessun dorma
listening skills

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
june 2007
july 2007
december 2007

my daily reads



blogroll me!


subscribe


















--or--
enter your email to subscribe: powered by feedblitz


miscellaneous









































