





home | texas lawyers' insurance exchange



















 







skip to main content 




texas lawyers&#039; insurance exchange logo





































































 













 



about us




why tlie




our services

 


back
we help attorneys succeed
policies
additional services
claims





learn & improve




apply now




contact us


make a payment


report a claim


continuing education (cle)


my tlie account

search 


 











play video
pause video




45 years supporting texas lawyers
we are the tried and true source of reliable, responsibly priced legal malpractice insurance for texas lawyers and judges.

compare policies








become a member



compare policies



loss prevention resources



















































           “i wouldn’t consider switching from tlie because of my appreciation of their superb guidance and service.”
        
– rh, houston





          “tlie is an absolute delight to work with. if i received one-half of the professionalism from other companies that i do business with, life would be so much easier. keep up the good work!”
        
– jt





          “i appreciate all the time, careful attention, and effort that you devoted to my case. i cannot tell you how relieved and happy i am today. i do feel confident that tlie has my back.”
        
– sm





          “your customer service is incredible. i will recommend tlie to anyone needing malpractice insurance.”
        
– jm, austin





          “i was so pleased with my tlie policyholder distribution check that i’m going to re-invest it into my renewal!”  
        
– ra, edinburg





          “oh my goodness, i am so blown away by tlie’s efficiency and care for your customers.   thank you so much for your help and attention to our application.”
        
– sr, mcallen





          “thank you so much for your help and making the application process easy.  i am so glad i chose your company.” 
        
– wd, austin





          “tlie’s loss prevention team has been invaluable in offering guidance through complex situations. their support this year has been immensely helpful. i highly recommend tlie, not just for their insurance coverage, but also for the additional support services they provide.”
        
– au



pause 














our policies tlie offers two types of professional liability insurance policies for texas lawyers, plus a policy for judges and special programs for new attorneys, part-time attorneys and more.


compare policies



















 
premier

apply now















 
essential

apply now















 
judges

apply now















 
special programs

learn more










why tlie? tlie is the only professional liability insurance carrier owned, managed and led by texas attorneys. since 1979, we have been protecting texas attorneys and educating them on loss prevention and risk management best practices.
more reasons to choose tlie





experts in the texas legal landscape



member-owned, returning over $81million (and counting) excess profits to insureds



insure solo firms to firms of 100+ attorneys



exceptional customer service, providing 1-2 business day turnaround from application to quote



state bar preferred provider of legal malpractice insurance











meet our team with one of the highest levels of tenure and experience in the industry, our staff is very knowledgeable about legal malpractice insurance, claims and loss prevention.
our team











































featured we help attorneys succeed we are dedicated to helping our members succeed by providing resources, education and consultation through our loss prevention and risk management department.
loss prevention
















learning continuing legal education tlie offers both in-person and on-demand cle courses, and all courses are accredited by the state bar of texas.
cle courses















stay updated with our latest news
newsletter signupfirst namelast nameemail*submitif you are human, leave this field blank.δ















the latest from tlie
view all articles




january 17, 2025
the rundown on lateral hiring in texas




december 20, 2024
tlie gives back $3,500,000




august 8, 2024
tlie wins texas lawyer “best of” poll 2024










become a tlie member we offer loss prevention services to all members, including on-site consultations, live and online seminars and self-audits.
 
apply now













45 years supporting texas lawyers





texas lawyers&#039; insurance exchange logo





































































 



(800) 252-9332

1801 s. mopac, suite 300
 austin, texas 78746






x 



facebook 



instagram 



linkedin 



youtube 

 
apply now
leave a review
contact us







												copyright © 2024 texas lawyers insurance exchange.
										


privacy policy


all rights reserved. web design by nmc



 










