




hardwood review - the industry leader in hardwood lumber market information 

























home









 



















login / registerinstant access to our portal




the world leader in hardwood market intelligence

















our story



                                        since 1985, hardwood publishing company has been tracking, analyzing, forecasting and reporting on hardwood market trends and pricing via a series of publications and web-based services.  founded and led by george barrett during our first 34 years, we were the first to offer kiln-drying lumber price tracking, the first to offer a trading platform for lumber buyers and sellers (woodlogics), and the first (and still only) organization to forecast hardwood market and pricing trends.  we feature weekly market commentary, in-depth feature articles, and extensive analysis of export and import trends (also an industry exclusive).
                                    

                                        in 2021, we transitioned from a publication-based company to a fully online portal of market intelligence.  all of the content of our former weekly hardwood review, hardwood review global and hardwood leader—and more—is now available in an interactive format 24/7 from any device.  our enhanced online experience also lets users graphically view and download price histories, and chart historical trade data.  and we’ve added a custom report builder allowing you to build and print a custom report of just the items you want to see.
                                    

                                        our team of seasoned industry analysts and advertising specialists are here to serve you, and we take very seriously our role in providing honest market insights while protecting the confidence of those who choose to partner with us by providing market information.  your willingness to do so makes us better, and greatly helps us turn market information into market intelligence.
                                    











who we are

                                a dedicated team of hardwood industry professionals drives the hardwood review.  collectively, our market analysts have many dozens of years of experience in the hardwood industry, with undergraduate and graduate degrees in forestry, business and journalism.  our design team has similarly deep experience creating advertisements and exposure that make your company and products stand above.
                            

                                mike barrett, president
                            

                                mike has been an integral part of the hardwood review since its founding 35 years ago.  he manages the website, the woodlogics business, and the finances, and is a contributing editor and analyst for our weekly and export market tracking.
                                
                            

                                kim young, advertising manager & controller
                            

                                kim manages our advertising and subscription programs, designs advertisements, and manages the layout and look of all digital and print publications.  she also manages billing, accounts receivables and corporate accounting.
                                
                            

                                dan meyer, managing editor
                            

                                dan is the appalachian region market analyst and managing editor for all hardwood review content.  he also tracks the import/export trade data and manages the analytical tools we use to track hardwood markets.
                                
                            

                                tony burbeck, southern editor
                            

                                tony is the southern region market analyst and is responsible for gathering market comments and pricing information from international contacts.  he comes from a career in television news reporting, and is more than eager to talk with you about market conditions and/or growing up in frigid minnesota.
                                
                            

                                tim knol, northern editor
                            

                                tim is the northern region market analyst. his past communications experience includes television news and digital marketing.  he leads our social media presence and is involved in special projects to improve the information we provide.
                            

                                ron mercer, research assistant
                            

                                following a long career in hardwood lumber sales, ron now serves as a part-time field researcher, gathering market trend and pricing information from hardwood industry contacts.
                                
                            











what's inside


everything you used to find in our four publications—the weekly hardwood review, hardwood review global, hardwood review eglobal and hardwood leader—and more.
in-depth feature articles about weekly and global hardwood markets, with access to past articles.
weekly price tracking and instant charting of kd and green price histories for over 500 unique hardwood lumber, low-grade and strip flooring items.
detailed weekly market commentary by producing region, including the ability to search for past comments by species.
detailed export market commentary by region and market, with specific focus on asia, europe and latin america.
the most comprehensive and easy-to-use database of hardwood import and export trade data, with at-a-glance summary tables and one-touch charting.
a new custom report function that lets you build, save and quickly print out a personalized report containing only the information you want to see any time you log on.
the industry’s only hardwood market forecasts, including market sector trends and forecasted changes in lumber prices.
the industry’s premier online hardwood marketplace for connecting buyers and sellers of hardwood lumber worldwide.  buyers can search real-time inventories of leading suppliers, and request quotes—at no cost.  premium users can list inventories for sale, search our database of more than 8,000 qualified buyers, and directly market to buyers based on their region, company type and lumber purchasing profile.
highly visible advertising opportunities—in banner ads and on printed pages—with premium placements available.











buy or sell hardwood lumber
first introduced in 2004 as woodlogicstm, we bring you the industry’s premier and longest-standing online hardwood marketplace.  unique among all other online platforms that have come and gone, we respect the way hardwood lumber is sold and we don’t insert ourselves between buyer and seller.  nor do we try to extract a fee or commission for transactions initiated on our website.  in fact, you technically cannot buy or sell lumber with our system.  rather, we provide the space and the tools for buyers to search the real-time inventories of leading suppliers and to issue requests for quotes—at no cost to the buyers.  and, we provide our premium users with advanced search tools to find qualified customers from our database of more than 8,000 vetted buyers, based on location, company type, and the types and volumes of hardwood products they buy.  premium users can also see and respond to buyer rfqs, and take advantage of proactive sales tools built into the system, including online advertisements and emailed promotions to targeted buyer groups.





















hardwood publishing:




mailing:
                                                po box 471307
                                                charlotte, nc 28247-1307



phone:  704 543 4408 | 800 638 7206
email:  info@hardwoodreview.com





























home/about/terms and conditions/privacy policy

                        © 2025 hardwood publishing company, inc.  reproduction in any form without prior written permission is unlawful.
                        
                    



















