    about our esl school | geos new york     about the schooltestimonialsterms & conditionsweekly workshopsarticlescontactbook now!geos languages plus, new yorklanguage. culture. adventure.  studying in nycaccommodationstudent activitiesprices & promotionsfree german universitylanguage courses abroadregister today  blogyoutubefacebooktwittergoogle+      welcome to geos languages plus new york!thank you for visiting our school! our unique learning system, which focuses on producing and using language, has been helping students learn english for over 40 years. geos offers great packages of education, accommodation and activities.about geos new yorkgeos languages plus is located in the heart of financial district, and features stunning views of the statue of liberty. here, you can not only improve your english, but also gain life-changing experiences.nyc is often revered as the art & film center of the world. coming to nyc means studying english and learning american culture the new york way! visit several major attractions, such as the empire state building or the statue of liberty by simply hopping on the convenient and pervasive metro subway system, only minutes from our school.  stop by geos language plus new york for a free trial lesson! the geos languages plus differenceat geos languages plus, students benefit from variety in their daily classes. they are able to practice all of the english language skills because they get three different classes every day. each class is taught by a different teacher. all our students take up to 90 minutes speaking and listening every day. geos languages plus - north americaour school is part of the fast-growing geos languages plus north america chain. with 10 locations in north america and 3 in england, we can help you have the holiday of your dreams or change your life.  our esl english learning institutions are only one part of what we do. our parent company sprachcaffe offers language training and adventure in 28 world-wide locations.    our site           studying in new york                                       prices and promotions           accommodations                                              contact geos nyc           student activities                                             geos north america  ielts preparationregisterto topjunior registrationfree english test  you are here:geos new yorkgeos calgarygeos los angeles  geos montreal geos ottawageos torontogeos vancouvergeos victoriafree english testtake our english challenge now! the quality of our courses is shown by the following accreditations: become a homestay familyprivacy policyfeedbacksitemap  © geos new york 2025    