












santoni's marketplace & catering


























































        check out our latest family meal deals!   check out our latest family meal deals!          


skip to content








hours: mon – sat  6am – 7pm  |  sunday 8am – 6pm 

facebookxinstagrampinterest 












  


search for:








aboutmarketplacecateringmenuscareersnewscontactdeli ordercatering orderaboutmarketplacecateringmenuscareersnewscontactdeli ordercatering order 









search for:




















homegingersantoni2025-02-14t10:21:09-05:00 
marketplacethere are so many wonderful, gourmet delights awaiting you.
enter the marketplacecateringcreating and managing memorable catered events since 1986.
learn moregreat food & great service with lovequality sushipick up a quick lunch or a fun dinner prepared by our well-trained sushi chef.
sushi menu
hot case calendarvisit our prepared foods case in store or place a pick up order. we have you covered.
hot case
seasonal menuslet us help you with your holiday celebrations! order a package or a la carte.
seasonal menus
holiday re-heating instructions
valentine menu
valentine re-heating instructions
st. patrick’s day menu
tailgate picnic package
picnic grill package menu
family meal deal
since 1931, the santoni family has been a local source of quality groceries, fresh produce and baked goods to baltimore homes.that tradition continues today with a commitment by the third-generation family to provide the highest quality food by the most attentive staff.
read morelatest newsview all






 




game day grub: score big with santoni’s super bowl spread! the super bowl isn’t just about football—it’s about the food! sure, the game is exciting, the commercials are entertaining, and the halftime show is a spectacle, but let’s be [...]read more







 




ring in the chinese new year with santoni’s marketplace chinese new year, also known as the lunar new year, is one of the most celebrated holidays around the globe. it marks the beginning of a new lunar calendar [...]read more







 




celebrate national soup month with santoni’s marketplace january is national soup month, the perfect time to cozy up with a warm bowl of your favorite soup. at santoni’s marketplace, we’re proud to offer a rotating selection [...]read more

subscribe for timely newsreceive advanced notice on special events



"*" indicates required fields

email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















good food is all the sweeter when shared with good friends.– irish proverb




 
 
hoursmonday – saturday 6am – 7pm
sunday 8am – 6pm
menuaboutmarketplacecateringmenuscareersnewsdeli ordercatering ordercontact us
4854 butler road
glyndon, md 21071
410-833-6610catering@santonis.comconnect with us© copyright    |   santoni’s marketplace & catering   |   all rights reserved   |   designed by protem and stop and say hello design

 
 
page load link




























go to top




