






mid atlantic crane – mid atlantic crane



























































 








skip to content




























 
homeabout careersproducts runway systems jib cranes gantry cranes workstation cranes built up hoists bridge cranesparts & services crane parts services crane inspectionscontact












1-800-266-1276










 





 











more than cranes 
we have a fleet of service trucks staffed by factory-certified technicians who are experts in troubleshooting. our parts department stocks thousands of line items to provide the fastest turnaround to get and keep your equipment up and running.
 
 










request a quote












request service













































more than cranes 
we have a fleet of service trucks staffed by factory-certified technicians who are experts in troubleshooting. our parts department stocks thousands of line items to provide the fastest turnaround to get and keep your equipment up and running. 
 
 















request service









request a quote


















our services



















bridge cranes 
bridge cranes come in a variety of configurations and are all “custom” to some extent. in simple terms, a bridge crane is a lifting device, riding on an elevated structure.
 
 

















gantry cranes 
gantry cranes have similar characteristics as bridge cranes. the basic difference is that while bridge cranes ride on an elevated steel structure, gantry cranes ride on rails at ground level.
 
 

















parts & services 
mid-atlantic crane manufacturers a large variety of crane parts. we also provide expert emergency and maintenance services, along with osha compliance inspections.
 
 



























steel plate handling magnet application 
steel plate handling magnet application we designed a 30 ton class e “severe service” magnet crane to meet the demands of a steel plate handling application, as well as the demands of operating outdoors in canada for a large rail car manufacturer. the crane specifications included: crane span of 98’ equipped with (2) 15 ton built […]



click here


 













50/10 ton class d heavy duty crane 
this 50/10 ton class d “heavy duty” crane was designed for operation to service a large continuously operating stone crusher.



click here


 




















give us a call today to set up an appointment or request a quote.











contact us



























our location







 




3224 northside drive, raleigh, nc 27615 




1-800-266-1276 




linkedin 




leave us a review 














 









© 2025 mid atlantic crane. all rights reserved.









 

scroll to top



























