













	homepage - abwministries













"...to bring good news to the poor... proclaim release to the captives... let the oppressed go free..."
 (luke 4:18-19)









[archives]
[subscribe]
[give]











































about usour missionleadershippress roomcontact usprivacy policybeloved communityrelationship mattersleadership mattersculture matterseducation mattersministry mattersmission focus2024 mission focus: welcoming the stranger2023 mission focus: racial justicedomestic violencemission with women and girlsimmigrationcross-cultural relationshipseconomic empowermentsex traffickingunited nations sustainable development goals (2030)hands-on projectsgiveviolet circlenational supportvital partnersbridges & gateways endowmentwomen and girls mission fundreset and reimaginehope for herministries2023-2025 ministry focus: be strong, be courageous 2021-2023 ministry focus: let the walls fall downministries with womenministries with young adult womenministries with girlsleadership developmentbuilding bridges and gateways to girls futureeventswhat's up abwm?empowerment series: how's your health?women and girls' day 2025american baptist women's sundaystoreresourcesarchivesblogformshelpful linkslogos, newsletter, website & promotional helpsministries with girlsministries with womenmission focusvideostestimonieseventsservingvital partnersgrants & scholarshipspartnersrudd empowerment center








home
shine the light
leader's reader
helpful links










0 item(s)$0.00







welcome!























welcome to american baptist women's ministries! find information, tools, and inspiration for your ministry with women and girls.


previous sessions of our empowerment series are now available for download! 

missed a session of the rudd empowerment center's empowerment series? you can download previous sessions here:

password: 95rj5zcrs7pl
click to download!









	 

explore our newest newsletters – elevate, empower, equip, and a message from our executive director.



		we are pleased to announce the release of our latest newsletters, now accessible on our website. 




			elevate – celebrating the voices of women leaders within american baptist women’s ministries 

			empower – highlighting the impactful work of abwm, showcasing how your support is making a difference in the lives of women and girls.

			equip – discover the tools, resources, and opportunities abwm offers to empower your ministry and personal growth

			a message from our executive director – insightful updates and reflections straight from the heart of our leadership. 




		click the link below to explore them today.  

read our newsletters here



		 



join the rudd empowerment center's first webinar series: empowerment series – how’s your health?


each monday in february 2025
	7:00 - 8:30 p.m., est., via zoom

so often, women spend most of their time caring for others while neglecting themselves. jesus taught us to love our neighbor as we love ourselves. a large part of loving ourselves is taking care of our health. to address this critical concern, the rudd empowerment center at abwm will present each monday during february, “empowerment series: how’s your health?” an amazing line-up of presenters will engage participants in varying aspects of health and wellness, including mental, financial, educational, and family/holistic health. this series is for women in general and women of color in particular.participation is free, but you must register. come, invite a friend, and together, let’s strive for better health in 2025 and beyond!

2025 women and girls' day 


women and girls' day 2025: building god’s community


friday, july 4, 2025 | omaha, ne | 9 am – 2 pm

this year at women and girls day, we gather under the inspiring theme of building god’s community. together, we will explore what it means to rise to new challenges, rebuild after difficult seasons, and restore hope and unity in our communities of faith. this is a day for women and girls to unite, empower one another, and work toward a shared vision of god’s inclusive, transformative love in the world. click here for info!




register for what's up abwm?

it’s time for our what’s up abwm? regional meetings! join other american baptist women from across the country as we hear from our national, region, association, and local leaders on women and girls’ ministries and fulfilling the mission, vision, purpose, and core values. learn more about our ministry and mission as we seek to share national updates and connect with others within your region. invite a friend! 

click here to learn more!
read american bapitst women's ministries 2024 impact report

american baptist women’s ministries (abwm) celebrates a year of growth and achievement with the release of our 2024 impact report. key highlights include a successful telethon fundraiser, record-breaking scholarships for young women, and the launch of the rudd empowerment center—a hub for leadership and ministry development.

read the full report here





























[archives]
[subscribe]
[give]




1075 first ave ste c-210 · king of prussia, pa · 19406 

(610) 768-2288 · info@abwomensministries.org











