










i.m.c. ministries




 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



welcome to i.m.c. (internet mission church) your biblical archaeology home
pastor william smith d.d. presiding
(pastor bill)


greetings in the name of our beloved lord jesus christ!we are happy that you have decided to visit i.m.c. (internet mission church). below is a list of all the features you will discover here.we hope you enjoy your visit with us and that you will return many times.be sure to check out our christian topics discussion board  discussion board
do want to know who the pharisees and the sadducees were? check out our          frequently asked questions
the link below will take you to our statement of faith page:

statement of faith

our ministries mission

the mission of our internet church is to proclaim the word of god through archaeology. this may sound unusual at first. secular archaeologist are now using archaeological findings to destroy the truthof the bible.
 our goal is to use these same archaeological
findings to support the stories of scripture. we
will show how these findings, when interpreted
correctly, verify the biblical stories. we will take
back biblical archaeology and place it into the
hands of the believers of the bible.


our pages
if you would like to read a testimony of a life saved from drug abuse thru jesus christ, be sure to read the story of our daughter amy.
"update"- amy has passed away from this world. we had two years with her since she gave her life to jesus christ and became a child of god. she died from adrenal carsinoma and chusings syndrone. i will soon be writing of her struggle with these afflictions and of the grace and courage with which she carried herself through this trial.
the page amy did.

amy's story
my copy of amy's page

amy's story
"update" you can now read of amy's struggle with chusings syndrone and adrenal carsinoma. click the link below-
 "amy's story" 


genesis as psychology?

do you want to know the answers to the questions posed in the genesis stories of adam & eve and cain & able? though we don't necessarily hold all of this theory on genesis as fact, we feel it should be presented for your analysis.
what is the true sabbath day?
why didn't adam die the day he ate the fruit?
where did cain get his wife?
who were the people cain feared?
who were the people cain built the city for?
be sure to read our new series on


genesis revealed 

facts about the apostle paul
would you like to come to a better understanding about the apostle paul. what he looked like and how he used the "system" to get what he wanted. and use it he did as you will see here.


info about paul

the seven churches
want to come to an understanding of what the seven churches of revelation really mean. you may be surprised to learn their true intent.

the seven churches

archaeology links
here is a fantastic site letting you know all the latest developements and discoveries in biblical archaeology.

the latest scoop 
do you need answers on questions about the bible & archaeology? then you will find the answer here: a faq page with about every question you can think of like have they discovered noah's ark or the tower of babel and many other questions.
 bible archaeology answers 
here is the best bible archaeology magazine around. 

biblical archaeology reveiw

do you want to know the latest findings on the 

dead sea scrolls
want to know about early christian gnosticism? 
 gnosticism
was the gospel of john really written by john? was it written in 96 a.d. as is generally accepted, or was it written in 64 a.d. as some have proposed? check out
 the gospel debate
want to know what early roman leaders thought of christians in their own words? here are recovered writings of early roman leaders telling how to deal with 

the christian scourge.
do you have a name from the bible that you would like to know the meaning of? here is a link to:

hitchcock's bible names dictionary 
click on the above link and type in the name you want the meaning of or click on the letter that's the first letter of the name.

these pages type out as you read them.


23 psalm

the lords prayer
if you would like to have pages that type out as you see these do, check out our html help pages below to get the codes.


do you need html help to build your christian website?
if so, check out        i.m.c. html help
would you like to take a visual  jesus trip?
 how about some christian midi music for your pages?
 i m c christian midi archives

christian humor
what's missing from this: ch__ch? ... u r .
do you like christian humor? here are a few links we have rounded up from the www. hope you enjoy...
 christian jokes
 church bulletin bloopers
 christian humor
 one liners and jokes

 christianity & homosexuality
are you locked into a homosexual lifestyle and in conflict with following that lifestyle and following jesus? if so, the following links may be of help.
 response to pro-gay theology
ex-gay discussion board
tract ministry
do you have a desire to spread the word of god,
but don't quite know how to get started. how about a
tract ministry? bible tracts are a wonderful way to
offer the bible message. and you don't have to
wonder if you can afford the tracts. they are
"free". leave them on the lunch table where
you work. on an end table in a friends home. in your
doctors waiting room. a tract ministry is a great
way to spread the gospel. if this sounds like a
ministry for you, just

click on this link
do you have a printer? if so this site will be a great help to your church or personal tract ministry. it offers more than sixty different tracts for you to print out. all for "free". they are set up to print out two tracts per 8½x11 inch page. they include almost every aspect of christian faith.

click here
ten languageonline concordance
do you have bible questions? on this site you just put in a key word of a verse you want to know about and if it's in the bible, the verse will be shown. a great way to find a verse or story you are trying to remember. pick one of ten different languages to translate to!

click here
adult sermons
are you a pastor or deacon who has been called on to deliver a new sermon and you just don't have one? well, not to worry. here are some pre-written sermons to help you out!
free sermons
childrens sermons
are you a childrens sunday school teacher and having trouble finding interesting themes for your sunday school class? this site offers dozens of children oriented bible studys. they are pre-written and ready for easy print out. you will never need to worry about what to teach this week again.
click here

christian chat
would you like to chat with other christians and fellowship to help keep your faith strong?

christian chat
prayer chapel
do you have unanswered prayer? is satan interfering
and blocking your prayers to god with doubts and
unbelief? then you need the help of
prayer warriors! the i.m.c. staff will recieve your
prayer request in our prayer chapel. every member
who enters the prayer chapel will view your request
and when they agree with you in prayer, your needs
will be made known to god. prayer to god is the
greatest display of love you can make to your
heavenly father. such a display of love will not go
unnoticed by him. leave your prayer request in our
prayer chapel.

prayer chapel 
free stuff
do you often feel that life is hard and nothing is
free? well here is proof that you are wrong. the
links below will lead you to everything from
screen-savers, free cd roms, calenders, digital
clock radios and hundreds of other free items! all
you have to do is explore the links and take what
you want. these links are connected to hundreds of
other link for free stuff. sit back and enjoy.



religious freebies



free land
cool poem






board room
do you have a question or comment about biblical related subjects? leave a message in our church board
room. do you see a message there you have the answer
for? post the answer for your christian brothers and
sisters.

post your message
e-mail:
pastor bill

be sure and check out our handy drop down menu. it covers almost every issue a christian can face. children, teenagers and adults will find answers to the questions they face.



select one....
christian answers
bible online & study tools
about jesus christ
kid explorers
teen issues
how to go to heaven
entertainment and movie reviews
bible and theology
bible archaeology
life before birth
creation superlibrary
christian background music
god's story online
parenting help
sex, love and relationships
on-line resource catalog


guest book
 view........sign







fastcounter by linkexchange
ministry aids
are you interested in pursuing a career in the
ministry? if so the following links are for you!













personal hotlist:

first international church of the web
,
on line ordination faq
,
free christian tracts
,
the preachers study
,
free copy of thegospel of john









