


dotty's virtual jigsaw puzzles: reviews and play jigsaws











































translation byfreetranslation.com


   







 







   


    






 
home
reviews
play
pictures
search
map
















 home jigsaw reviews jigsaw comparison chart ideal puzzle traits play daily/ weekly puzzles links to daily jigsaws links to weekly jigsaws links to ecards  dotty's online jigsaws dotty's jigsaw downloads free pictures jigsaws for own web sitelinks news site search site map site helpreview this site

 jigcard gallery - 
dotty's photo gallery. free daily jigsaw and ecards.  members can play jigsaws with over 3000 pictures.










jigsaw puzzle reviews
 virtual jigsaws are jigsaw puzzles played on a computer.  they can be played online or obtained by download or cd and played offline.  these pages provide reviews of virtual jigsaw puzzles, some jigsaw puzzles to play online or download and links to daily jigsaw puzzles.


  jigsaw reviews - over  100 reviews of virtual jigsaw puzzles makes this the largest jigsaw review website on the internet.  
links to daily and  weekly jigsaws - new pictures appear daily/weekly for the puzzles at these sites.  


  jigsaw comparison chart - use this chart in conjunction with the jigsaw reviews.  it further describes the highlighted reviews.  
   dotty's online jigsaws - do jigsaw puzzles online using a variety of styles. the pictures for the puzzles in daily and weekly jigsaws are constantly changing.  


  ideal puzzle traits  - characteristics to help you choose a puzzle.   
  dotty's jigsaw downloads  - download and play sample puzzles on your own computer.   


  links to jigsaws for your own site - reviews of jigsaws to install on your own web site, most with your own pictures.  
  free pictures - links to picture galleries for making your own jigsaws with puzzles that allow using your own pictures.   


  search this site and  site map. 
  news - latest major changes and archive of old news.   


      



  jigsaw puzzle tips from jigsaw jungle - many of these tips from jigsaw jungle for doing real jigsaws apply to virtual jigsaws too. 








i have gone to your puzzle site daily for the last three years and i enjoy it immensely.  your puzzle site is the best! - barbara denniston, hillsboro, oregon, usa
congratulations on a most comprenhensive website certainly the best i have seen by far and most instructive to us puzzlers. - frank bradley, stourport, worcestershire, united kingdom
you can't imagine how much i enjoy the puzzles on your site.  only problem is, i'm doing puzzles instead of stuff i should be doing! ... i particularly like the ones that are all black and change to color or that are negatives. - maryann shell, atlanta, ga, usa

search this site



search the web with 


















jigcard gallerydotty's photo and jigsaw gallery
daily-recreationdotty's site for relaxing with daily puzzles, cartoons and quotes
i love creative cookingdotty's cooking site
storer softwaredotty's site about the internet and web development
dotty's pages dotty's personal website




© copyright dotty storer 1999-2025 
















tell a friend










the following reviews contain more detail  and are included in the jigsaw comparison chart.  jump directly to one of the highlighted reviews: 

 big jig 
 big mosaic 
 brainsbreaker 
clever media jigsaw puzzles 
icapuz 
jigsaws galore 
jigsaw mania 
jigsaw-puzzles.net 
jigzone 
jixxa jigsaw puzzles 
living scenes jigsaw puzzles 
one player 
playtonium 
puzzelator 
the puzzle factory 
the puzzle house 

puzzlet factory 
shockwave 
 smoke and mirrors 
steve's jigsaw puzzles 
tibo jigs@w 

web reference 
world winner

yavsoft













