








the compounder - trusted compounding pharmacy for 40+ years

























































 




skip to content








text us 630-381-7413! 














 homeblogabout usabout larry friedersour locationwhat is compounding?quality in compoundingquality checklistqc testingwhy compound items are superiorclean room qualitydoes the compounder accept insurance?shop 


search for:























homelarry frieders2024-12-12t13:15:44-05:00



our textline is currently operational as of oct 28, 2024 5:05 pm
welcome! we’re different. on purpose.
the compounder is a licensed retail pharmacy that specializes in compounded medications. our professional staff uses pure chemical ingredients to make (aka compound) medicines customized for the end-user.
compounded medicines can be capsules, creams, lotions, topicals, troches, suppositories, oral suspensions, ear drops, nasal sprays, eye drops, and injections.
some formulas are swallowed, some are applied onto the skin, rubbed into the skin, inserted into an orifice, dissolved under the tongue, dropped into the eye, or injected.
compounded medicines include a wide gamut of drug products including pain relief, bioidentical hormones, thyroid supplements, erectile dysfunction treatments, and treatments for chronic conditions such as multiple sclerosis, psoriasis, or arthritis.
we work with the patient and their doctor to make formulations that meet specific patient needs. it’s rare for a compounder to not be able to help both the patient and doctor.
how are we different? as explained by joel frieders.
– we do not answer incoming phone calls.
why? during the early part of 2020/covid, we noticed a huge difference in how we were treated over the phone. when we said “we do not dispense ivermectin for human oral use,” many understood and looked elsewhere, yet many chose to attack us for being “sheep”. in a few specific cases, people spent a huge amount of time trying to discredit our business online for following rules handed down from the fda.
when communicating through text and email, we are able to document everything, which improves communication and minimizes errors. we also notice that people are nicer when they can see a historical account of how they have communicated with us.
also, gloves are expensive now, and removing them every time the phone rings is a waste of money.
also, i hate the sound of the phone ringing.
– we do not accept prescriptions left over voicemail.
why? medication errors (milligram vs microgram, prednisone vs prednisolone, finger pointing, etc), mispronunciations, misunderstandings, and as a state inspector once said “you can’t scan a voicemail for errors”.
if it’s sent to us in writing, we can confirm who it’s from, what it’s for, who it’s for, as well as when it was received and who sent it.
when we receive a voicemail and someone is “calling in a prescription”, we do our best to type it all out, and send it back to the provider for confirmation that what we heard is correct, and a signature.
 – if we don’t answer the phone, how do we receive prescriptions?
fax, email, escript, paper script dropped off or sent via snail mail / text, or through our rx portal at thecompounder.com/rx – the provider chooses. as long as it’s in writing. 
fax machine busted? doctor says they can’t use email or text? this is exactly why we created our rx portal – located in the footer of every page – submit rx.
if all else fails, get a handwritten rx from the provider and text us a picture and we can take it from there.
– we do not accept insurance or any third party payment programs, and haven’t since 1996.
why? insurance tends to reimburse based on the cost of the chemical, but will not reimburse for labor or the equipment involved in compounding. we also do not communicate with insurance companies, because we’re busy compounding medications. also, i have adhd and cannot do phone trees.
– prepayment is required for all custom compounded medications.
why? i have thrown away too many custom medications over the last twenty years, for people who probably had every intention of picking up and paying for their medication. alas, this keeps us both honest. we aren’t judging your character for requiring prepayment, we’re saving you the hassle of paying higher prices.
– we would prefer not to store your personal credit or debit card information.
why? just like you, we get our credit cards hacked every so often. it’s annoying and terrifying when a card doesn’t work because of a fraudulent transaction. this is why we offer secure payment links through authorize.net, and utilize zelle / chase quick pay. this way, we receive your order, tell you the price, and tell you how to pay, each and every time. does this take longer? yes. does it stop fraud from occurring? not completely, but it makes us feel like you know what we’re up to when we say “pay me this much and i will make your medicine”, and it keeps your credit card number in your wallet where it belongs.
 – can you take my hsa / fsa / flex card payment?
yes. we are in the sigis network and can absolutely use your fsa / hsa / flex card for payment. these types of cards can only be used at other sigis registered establishments, so the risk of fraud is minimized since they can’t buy plane tickets or diamond jewelry with your health savings card.
– compounding takes time. 
we are not an emergency pharmacy, and all orders are filled first come (and prepaid) first served.
we use the 3p’s. prescription, prepayment, & patience. we don’t do things right now, we do them right.
 – why do you close at 2:30pm on fridays?
nothing good happens in a compounding pharmacy after 2:30pm. also, we like not working and spending time with our families and friends. i also like cooking things with cheese.
– you are only open for business when i’m at work! i cannot come pick up my order during business hours!
we get it! we can set up after hours pick up thanks to our alarm company (quinlan security systems). we also offer shipping via ups ground.
– we are human and do not automate anything.
– we do not fill medications without first disclosing current pricing and discussing payment and shipping.
– in 2025 we are creating pie days! 
a pie day is a pharmacy institute and education day! read more about pie days here: https://thecompounder.com/piedays/
– we are able to be bribed with sweet treats, pictures of pets, and whenever anyone says “no rush”.
if any of this is unclear, send us a message and i can do my best to clear it up!
love,
joel
this website contains hundreds of pages of content and a library of blog posts focused on topics that address health, life, and living.
use the advanced search function on every page to find topics that address your life or
 click the ask the pharmacist button located on every page to send a direct email question.
if you need to get ahold of us quickly, send us a text message at 630-381-7413!






 

 


search for:










 follow the compounder rss feedstagnation in  health innovation?safe and effective pain reliefmitocorethe flu is coming! big  deal.the autoimmune ruse 
 
 





ask the pharmacist

refill order

transfer rx

submit rx

stress free 

 our location
340 marshall ave. unit 100aurora, il 60506 
phone (630) 859-0333 
fax (630) 859-0114 
text us 630-381-7413!

by sending us a text message you understand and agree to receive text messages regarding compounded medications, order statuses, & general health inquiries from 630-381-7413 at the number provided. msg & data rates may apply. msg frequency varies. reply stop to opt out. we will never message you without a reason. text help or email thecompounderpharmacy@gmail.com for assistance. view our terms of service and privacy policy attached- https://thecompounder.com/privacy-policy/.

 site map 

 

  hours of operation
monday - thursday 
8:30 am-5:00 pm central time
friday 
8:30 am-2:30 pm central time


holiday hours & pie days

click here to view holiday hours & pie days



note: some of the links on this page are affiliate links that we earn a small commission on qualifying purchases from amazon.com, at no cost to you. learn more about our affiliate program here on privacy policy page.

 

 
     

 

 
 
 





copyright 
the compounder | all rights reserved  powered by pesola media group  |  aurora website design  |  privacy policy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






functional							


functional





functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







performance							


performance





performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







analytics							


analytics





analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







advertisement							


advertisement





advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







others							


others





other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept

























 


go to top



