


biowaves sound therapy










you must be the change that you wish to see in the world - mahatma gandhi


home
products
support
email/address
phone orders or help: 800-734-3588 (pacific time)









 



biowaves sound therapy
 biowaves sound therapy





tridprinting.com



biowaves sound therapy is a new alternative therapy which is researching the effects of low frequency sound and vibration on human health and wellness. researchers who have studied the effects of frequency, sound, light, color, and vibration include royal rife with his rife frequencies, abhram's multiple wave oscillator, robert monroe with audio binaural beats, dr. hans jenny and dr. guy manners with their work on cymatics, vladimir gavreau's sonic weapons using infrasound, and tomatis who associates learning ability with listening ability and clear hearing. the list is endless since frequency research is a fundamental to most every subject.
sound therapy is a new exciting field with the potential to completely shift our heath care paradigms. it offers a simple technique to get very detailed holographic information about the body, and is boundless in its potential ramifications.
the effects of sound
the effects of sound are apparent in our every day life... for example, we experience the energizing effect of sound and music every time we hear music with a heavy beat. just think of the last time you heard a favorite dance hit and couldn't help but to start dancing along.

for example, the bulgarian psychiatrist, gorgi lazanoff was able to show an increased capacity for learning, super learning, if you will, by playing baroque music (1700's bach, vivaldi, telemon, handle) and having his students breathe in rhythm with the beat. it all goes to show that sound and music can have a profound effect on our health, and well being, not only physically, but also mentally and emotionally as well.
we know the power of sound and music and that the voice changes with emotional states or illness. our health or mood can be strongly affected by music, toning, chanting, and singing. just think back to the last time a sick or distraught friend called and remember how their voice was different than normal. sound research supports this.
patterns of frequency
in the growing field of "energy medicine" it is well known that our universe is created through patterns of frequency. science is now documenting what mystics of many traditions have known forever. everything that exists in the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual realms does so on a vibratory basis. this is obvious if you consider that electrons are always moving and vibrating.
all healing interventions must influence the body by somehow altering its frequency resonance. healing has often been affected by such modalities as sound, light, music therapy and various other energy medicine techniques that alter the frequency patterns of an individual.
all matter, including herbs, pharmaceuticals, and even food with its accompanying vitamins, minerals and other nutrients could be examined from a frequency perspective which may explain their biological effects. bio-resonance therapy is researching these principles of energy medicine.
the voice
in a similar way, the voice, which we analyze with a computer, is a great indicator of vitality. the voice is one of the most powerful avenues of human expression and as such, provides a very useful analog for the systems of the body. according to dr. alfred tomatis, among others, the voice is not able to reproduce what the ear cannot hear. perhaps the ear cannot hear what the brain cannot generate. there is evidence that the brain, in addition to being a master chemist, is a very complex tone generator and commands the systems of the body through frequency.
the brain produces waveform patterns that can be measured with a variety of instruments. the voice also produces a waveform pattern that contains a great deal of frequency information that seems to relate to the physical and emotional health and balance of the speaker. since every person's voice is unique, the resulting frequency voice analysis map when recorded and analyzed with the sound assistant™ software, may show indications of physical and/or emotional issues at the time of the recording.




bio-resonance frequency therapy
the audio waveform is analyzed for frequencies in stress which are then compared to our experimental frequency assignments of vitamins, minerals, amino acids, bones, muscles and all manner of substances, including drugs and toxins.
once these frequencies in stress are identified, bio-resonance therapy utilizes low frequency waveforms generated with a small, "walkman" style tonebox and delivered through headphones, sub-woofer or a vibration transducer. each tonebox can be programmed for up to 12 tracks, with up to 4 very accurate frequencies on each track. these low frequency waveforms are non-invasively delivered to the body, often resulting in immediate remarkable changes.
bio-resonance frequency therapy analyzes a recording of the voice to look for clues of nutritional imbalances, or indicators of disease stress and illness. our research indicates that these low frequency waveforms seem to activate vitamins, minerals, amino acids and other biologic substances, and show promise at being able to detoxify frequencies that correlate with dangerous substances which may be prominent in the voice analysis.
regardless of what correlations we see in the voice analysis, we are able to evaluate the bioacoustic vocal print and provide specific frequencies to resonate and support the body. we have seen incredible results with this form of energy medicine. our clients ailments include cancer, parkinson's, als, add, adhd, heart disease, sleep disorders, depression, and mental health etc.
in the words of in jocelyn godwin, ed. cosmic music, inner traditions, rochester, vermont 1989:

"research has shown that when we are deprived of certain light frequencies we can become sick. one of the most fascinating scientific facts to emerge recently is that sound behaves in a similar fashion to light. in other words, sound and light act like vitamins and minerals in our body. most people are deficient in certain tones and this is traced when the human voice is recorded and monitored. we need a certain balance of sound frequencies, which may vary from one individual to another, in order to maintain our bodies in a healthy state.
"recent experiments indicate that one of the most powerful ways to heal the individual is to play back the missing frequencies at a low octave which corresponds to brain wave frequencies. what happens here is quite remarkable and really beautiful. the body is simply helped to heal itself by activating the control center in the brain that looks after this healing."

animal bioacoustics
in animal bioacoustics, researchers record and study the sounds of different animals. in many cases this involves recording various animals in their natural habitat.
scientists have found that music is processed in the older, deep part of the brain, the parts we share with our animal ancestors. "music is not mere entertainment, but a profound bond between all living things." patricia gray, a concert pianist, and biomusic study group director at the national academy of sciences in washington, d. c.
it is completely normal, in the animal world and in humans to have a profound reactions to certain sounds. a good example is of a real scream, or the high pitched violins in the horror movie psycho. it has also been said that japanese ninja learned and used a special battle cry that help disarm their enemies.
song birds
while there are only a few species of animal that make "music" as we understand it, the similarities are amazing.
some songbirds sing from repertoires of hundreds of songs which use the same rhythms and note combinations as modern composers. for example, the canyon wren also uses a 12-tone scale. the hermit thrush, on the other hand, sings in a five tone penta scale which is common in asian music.
sound therapy cds
see our harmonic healing music/bio-resonant psychoactive sound therapy  cds.





all about sound therapy
sound therapy is actually about as old as made made vocal noises. every noise we make vibrates our body in a way that brings motion, vibration, and health to our cells.






biowaves.com store
we sell a variety of sound therapy and color therapy products. software, books, color therapy glasses, cds and dvds, tuning forks,, as well as health products.







sound and health
how does sound affect our health?with information on other alternative health care.






pyschoacoustics - the science of how we hear
 







voice analysis
voice analysis is the core of what we do at biowaves. it involves using a computer to analyze the recording of a person's voice to see the frequency patterns that exist.






biowaves sound therapy research
biowaves is dedicated to sharing information about the power of sound. in this section we share information about some of the research that is being done around the world with sound, music, and its ability to heal.







sound therapy research
learn more about various ways that sound therapy is being researched and practiced around the world in our sound therapy links section.






biowaves sound therapy musical research
 







toning
toning is the age old technique of making resounding sounds. some evidence exists that it has extremely beneficial effects on health.






biowaves sound therapy articles
 







nutritional health database example
 






a biowaves sound therapy session
find out what is involved in a sound therapy session.







biowaves sound therapy testimonials
 






biowaves sound therapy links
links to other  interesting and informative websites.







practitioner central
interested in meeting or becoming a practitioner? here's the place to go.






biowaves sound therapy news
 







native american style drums
 






hulda clark zappers
biowaves is pleased to also offer you another frequency based health alternative, hulda clark zappers. dr. hulda regehr clark discovered the power of direct electrical frequencies in her unique research style. find out more about them.







biowaves corporate information
about this unique company dedicated to exploring and sharing information about the power of sound.



 









biowaves sound therapy 





interview on sound
what is sound therapy?
sound therapy overview
sound physics
sound therapy tutorial
sound therapy history
our mission

trying sound therapy
becoming a practitioner
research 
product guide

store home
sound therapy products
    charts
    cds
    software
books (all)
    sound therapy
    music therapy
    cancer
    alternative health
    color therapy
    miscellaneous
color therapy products
    color therapy glasses
    glasses display
    books (color)
    charts
    essential oils
music and sound therapy treatment cds
dvds and videos
health products
    gold trace mineral water

link to us
send us your suggestions
go to related links
link to the site map
send to a friend

health information
alternative cancer treatment
new cancer treatment
rife machine
nutritional database

related links
sound/color links
interesting links
our competitors

free stuff

help us

report a broken link to us
contact information

 











 
















 

















sound therapy -an alternative medicine therapy for holistic  health and wellness. 



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 




biowaves.com

disclaimer:
the information published on this web site is for entertainment purposes only and is in no way intended to dispense medical advice or opinion or to substitute for professional medical care, whether advice, diagnosis or treatment, by a medical practitioner. if you have a medical issue or feel ill, you should consult a health care professional.  
site map | 
	terms of use | 
	privacy & security | 
	contact us | 
	purchase agreement | 
	send feedback
enlightening the world to the power of sound
	© 1996-2005 by biowaves.com all rights reserved.





