





















odessa, tx economic development




 


 



 skip to main content.









toggle navigation








homeaboutour teamboard of directorsorganization materialsagendasbylaws and articles of incorporationpartnerscontact uslifehousingeducationhealthcarearts and culturerecreationattractionscost of livingdoing businessincentivesinvesting at homestart your businessbusiness supportour processwhy odessa?sites and buildingsavailable landcommunity profilecounty profileclean air attainmenttarget industriesadvanced manufacturingmedical manufacturingrenewable energyrenewable energy manufacturingconstructionprofessional services/business supportlocation advantagesinfrastructuretaxesworkforceworkforce datafurther educationmajor employersemployment by industryemployment resourcesworkforce resourcesmedia centernewsonly odessaourodessa appresearch + reportsingham economic indexodessa development newsother reportsapplications for odc incentiveseconomic development assistance grantdowntown infrastructure grantdowntown building facade grant


















has the ideal business environment




 



opportunity abounds in odessa, texas
not every community can say its skies produce the most beautiful sunsets in texas. and not just anyone can lay claim to proudly helping the united states achieve energy independence. but odessa can.there is no other place in the nation quite like odessa, texas. we’re proud of our reputation as a community filled with independent thinkers, creative problem solvers and people who are unafraid of hard work. perhaps that’s why 1pointfive, a subsidiary of occidental petroleum (oxy), chose odessa for its new $1 billion carbon capture project, just one shining example of the emerging technologies being developed and deployed here.  it’s this spirit of tenacity that has helped us become one of the fastest-growing cities in texas. as the heart of the permian basin’s oil and gas region, odessa is home to the university of texas of the permian basin and odessa college, nationally recognized for its workforce training programs. our available sites with easy access to air, rail and the interstate make us a prime choice for growing companies. when combined with our vibrant arts and entertainment scene, beautiful parks and two first-class hospitals, it becomes clear that there’s just one place that has it all – only odessa.




search




translate

















 








featurednews

                    see all news >>
                
 








                                                                        odessa’s advanced manufacturing advantages: workforce, location, and growth potential
                                

                                    february 10, 2025                                

                                                                            today’s manufacturing companies will thrive in a location that allows them to adapt to a turbulent economic environment quickly and...
                                                                                                        
read more >>










                                                                        odessa’s advantages deliver manufacturing success
                                

                                    january 30, 2025                                

                                                                            built-in customer base, distribution infrastructure and cost-saving incentives tailor-made for various industry companiesas a leading global provider of oil and...
                                                                                                        
read more >>










                                                                        renewable energy investments amplify manufacturing opportunities in odessa
                                

                                    january 9, 2025                                

                                                                            odessa, texas, is quickly becoming a national hub for renewable energy. manufacturers of products, parts and systems utilized in solar...
                                                                                                        
read more >>










explore odessa

 






what ttuhsc provides the permian basin 
no description available.









benefits of being located off i-20 in odessa, texas 
no description available.









providing close proximity to customers - distribution in odessa 
no description available.









working with the odessa economic development department 
no description available.









medical community expanding in odessa 
no description available.









recruiting healthcare talent in odessa 
no description available.









distribution in odessa 
no description available.









odessa texas has a long history in oil & gas 
no description available.













target industries












                                                                advanced manufacturing
                                                                                    


manufacturing at the next level in odessa.read more >>
















                                                                business support services
                                                                                    


a firm economic foundation exists in odessaread more >>
















                                                                construction
                                                                                    


if you build it, they will comeread more >>
















                                                                renewable energy
                                                                                    


odessa is shining with opportunity!read more >>
















                                                                renewable energy manufacturing
                                                                                    


experience backs momentum: odessa’s energy potential.read more >>











featured real estate certified shovel-ready sites

 industrial building 2419 w murphy st • odessa, tx 79763prime industrial listing featuring a 5,050 sf office/warehouse facility on 7.67 acres. the office space includes a welcoming reception area with a teller window, 6 private offices, a conference room, kitchen, and laundry with showers. the spacious warehouse offers (4) 14'x14' overhead doors, a hydraulic press, pneumatic lines for tools, and ample storage space. additional amenities include rail access, a truck scale, a fuel island, secure perimeter fencing with dual electric gates, and covered carport parking. the property is serviced by 3-phase power. learn more industrial warehouse available 1301 s county rd w • odessa, tx 79766this former trucking 6,760 warehouse/office sits on 3.4 acres off of i-20. the property consists of a 5,000 sf warehouse, 320 sf office, and a 1,440 sf storage building. the warehouse includes (4) 14' drive-through bays on each end. the subject property has city water and sewer with single phase power. building 3 located on the ne corner of the lot is not available and is used for the owner's stored items and is not included in lease sf. learn more

 

more reasons to choose odessa1state for corporate expansions and locations1best state for business1fastest-growing state economy1platinum leadership circle award (city of odessa)11winner of site selection magazine’s governor’s cup award1community economic development award (tedc)






incredible art scene


vibrant downtown


healthcare hub of west texas


opportunities in education










an incredible art scene
odessa’s art scene will blow you away. public art displays and murals, the nationally recognized wagner noel performing arts center & ellen noel art museum inspire and delight.
learn more! 
 
 










vibrant downtown
the stunning marriott hotel, ector theatre and diverse restaurant scene make odessa a regional destination.
learn more! 










healthcare hub of west texas
texas tech’s medical school and school of nursing, along with medical center hospital & odessa regional medical center, make us a destination for world-class healthcare.
learn more! 










opportunities in education
the university of texas of the permian basin offers bachelor’s and master’s degrees and has one of the country’s top business schools. odessa college’s welding & transportation schools are renowned.
learn more! 




 










odessa, tx economic development 700 n grant ave odessa, tx 79761
                                            p.
                                            
                                                1-432-333-7880
                                            
                                            f.
                                            
                                                1-432-333-7858
                                            
                                                info@odessaecodev.com
                                             
follow us:
twitterfacebookyoutubelinkedininstagram



homecitychamberdiscovercontactsite mapprivacy policysearch









download our odessa
your mobile guide to everything odessa
















                   © 2025 odessa, tx economic development. all rights reserved. economic development websites by
                    
                        golden shovel agency.
                




        list of javascript dependencies not enabled:
        share-links.js, app.js, and universal-buttons.js

        additional note:
        our module pages support additional js to fully function but still will be traversable.
    




