




 


mafaa - home












log in








log in with facebook


log in with google































remember me
forgot password













home




about us



executive council




sector representatives




appointed positions




committees and task forces



business partners commitee




conference planning committee




outreach and early awareness




professional development committee







awards




policies, procedures, and by-laws




join us







events



upcoming events







news



mafaa matters




job postings







public



students and families




associate member links




internet resources







help



using the new site








 








minnesota association of financial aid administrators


mafaa is made possible by volunteers within our membership. consider volunteering your skills today!volunteer today!

 















mafaa statement of purpose “the minnesota association of financial aid administrators (mafaa) is an association of professionals committed to the principle that no one should be denied access to higher education for financial reasons.”


upcoming events



america/chicago
hot topics

20 feb 2025 9:00 am


virtual



america/chicago
mafaa 2025 annual conference

7 may 2025


madden's on gull lake | 11266 pine beach peninsula | brainerd mn  56401





mafaa matters newsletter

stay up to date with mafaa’s online quarterly newsletter. mafaa
matters contains relevant content for financial aid professionals in
minnesota with a wide range of topics relating to the financial aid industry -
from minnesota events to national themes surrounding financial aid. be sure to
see the latest editions available.read more

our president





 
join now!

reasons to join
  ability to attend both fall and spring conferences. 
  exclusive access to past conference presentation materials.
  access to new blogs on relevant federal and state updates.
  and more!


join us now!

media gallery

mafaa hosts and attends many events throughout the year.














  
mafaa blogs

what you may have missedregular updates on mn state and federal financial aid news curated in items that you may have missed. read...inside mafaawhat does the mafaa archivist do? how did the new website come about? these are the inner-workings of mafaa and can be found in this blog. read...

nasfaa and masfaa

stay up to date with your regional and national financial aid organizations!regional financial aidvisit masfaaweb.orgnational financial aidvisit nasfaa.org
 






















copyright © 2018. all rights reserved.               minnesota association of financial aid administrators is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. minnesota, usa















 
















powered by wild apricot membership software














