      ferret central      top | faqs | news | resources | interaction | other languages | photos, sounds & fun organizations & shelters | products & breeders | individuals  why does this page look so plain? | icons you can use | site statistics - old or even older   update in progress june 1, 2008: i'm working on removing all the dead links here and updating the ones that were easy to track down.  when that's done,i'll add the many new links that people have sent me.ferret central was accessed more than 1,275,000 times between june 3, 1996 and 2000 or so, when its counter died.  it's been accessed at least times since the site was moved on october 19, 2005, but unfortunately this counter's not entirely reliable either.    the ferret faq   the top seven ferret questions the most important information for ferret owners and prospective owners ferret frequently asked questions (in english)   what's new in the ferret faq  the main index of the ferret faq   the same faq, as a single html file [216 kb] the index to the ferret medical faqs  the ferret natural history faq  "your pet ferret," the 6-page (double-sided) ferret mini-faq, now available in pdf format (used by the free adobe acrobat reader). new! - the ferret micro-faq, a single-page tri-fold brochure in pdf ("acrobat") format.  perfect for handing out at vets' offices, pet stores, etc. translations of the ferret faq   castellano/español/spanish: faq de los hurones, partes 1-3, translated by alejandro lopez ruiz czech: fretka, vas mazlicek, ms word document translated by jan kleger and petr vojtechovsky deutsch/german: frettchen faq, teile 1-2, translated by regine bast and prakkari français/french: le faq furet (foire aux questions), translated by caroline favre, with help from shiva thomas and lorraine tremblay japanese: the ferret faq and medical faqs, translated by ayumi takeshima and tetsuro oka  português/portuguese: faq: perguntas freqüentes, from ferret brasil  suomi/finnish: fretti faq, translated by mari-miia heino svenska/swedish: tamiller vaf, mini-vaf, and vaf binjuresjukdom, translated by camilla englund in progress: deutsch/german, nederlands/dutch, español/spanish, dansk/danish, polish, hungarian, português/portuguese. (write if you'd like to help out.) fluent in another language?  want to translate the faq? let me know at <pamg  at alumni.rice.edu>, and i'll help however i can!   news and announcements   upcoming events  afa shows and events  news sources  the californians for ferret legalization (cfl) update   other resources general information   club and shelter references	  the afa's list of ferret shelters  support our shelters, a non-profit organization dedicated to helping ferret shelters	 ferrets across america, organizing transport for ferrets in need	 how to start a ferret club, by pam troutman	 pet lost & found listings	  the pet page - listing of lost, found, and adoptable pets (all kinds)	 pets missing in action - another pet lost & found service	 internet lost & found    overviews	  pet ferret owner's manual, an excellent guide similar to the faq  care information from new ferret city	 ferret history and care by star*ferrets	 ferret info page, from cerise welt?	 what is a ferret? from the wfu, including 14th and 17th-c. woodcuts	 ferrets in art history, from joyce miller	 ferrets in fantasy & science fiction  le furet dans l'histoire (ferrets in history), from olivier cornu (in french / en français)	 le furet dans l'histoire de l'art (ferrets in art history), from olivier cornu (in french / en français)	  lists and other references	  lists of books about ferrets and 	    artwork containing ferrets, both from the world ferret union  afa show system color/pattern chart, also with pictures	 some treat and food comments by bob church, from lorraine tremblay	 the list of places ferrets are illegal (ffzs) by katie fritz - caution: pretty outdated  rabies resources for ferret lovers, compiled by ilena ayala	 more litter training tips, by pam troutman	 still more litter training tips, by lisa leidig	 tips for training deaf ferrets  ferret deafness: causes, testing, training, and more  "problem" ferrets faq, compiled by regina harrison	 christmas with your ferret faq, by real dufour	  information sources and directories	  ferrets first  weaselwords.com  simply pets's ferret listings  amy's ferret resource page  everything ferret, by mahri shelton	 fuzzy central, from jody	 ferret universe, from brenda bresloff  health care   veterinary information (useful to non-vets too)  warning: some of these sites contain unpleasant or gory pictures   afa's list of ferret vets  the ferret pathology home page, maintained by ferret expert bruce williams, dvm	 ferret doctor - video, publications, and faq from ferret expert charles weiss, dvm	 ferret clinic, a q-and-a setup from the folks at californians for ferret legalization  the netvet ferret page  dr. karen - karen purcell, dvm	 west end animal hospital, home of dr. deborah kemmerer cottrell	 weare animal hospital, home of mike dutton, dvm	 the ferret medical faqs, covering adrenal disease, cardiomyopathy (heart disease), ece, insulinoma, lymphoma, skin tumors, enlarged spleens, and gastric ulcers/h. mustelae  adrenal disease and insulinoma in the domestic ferret, information gathered by mike janke	 epizootic catarrhal enteritis (ece) in the ferret, by bruce williams, dvm (warning: some images	    may disturb sensitive viewers.)	 a set of articles bob church sent to the fml in feb-mar 1998 providing his analysis of the results of a survey about adrenal disease sent to fml subscribers, with a few articles by others included as well	 health information from the ferret lovers' club of texas  ferret clinic from californians for ferret legalization - includes california-specific concerns		  aleutian disease virus (adv)	  ferretadv.com, with information and a case study	 avecon diagnostics, makers of a ferret adv test	 introduction to adv (aleutian disease virus) from wolfy's world of weasels	 adv information from ferret universe	  medical history worksheet, from modern ferret (pdf file, requires the free adobe acrobat reader) questions to ask your vet, by pam troutman of star*ferrets vaccination information from the afa  doggon' wheels pet mobility aids how to medicate a ferret - tips for liquid medications tips on giving sub-q fluids at home  the national animal poison control center - prevention, treatment, emergency information the avma pet poison guide - discusses plants, drugs, cleaners, etc. food chart from ferret luv  ferret first aid, from acme ferrets and the south florida ferret help line  an article on the respiratory toxicity of cedar and pine chips as pet bedding timmy's story, a case study for holistic treatment of ferret lymphoma getting in touch with people   mailing lists, online clubs, and newsgroups	  how to join the ferret mailing list (fml)	 official searchable archives of the fml  ferret health list, with searchable archives	 frolicking ferrets online ferret club	 the kansas ferret online ferret club	 afa message board  pagan ferret fanciers list	 shelter/rescue mailing list (email), for directors and volunteers only, from kozy kingdom 	 mailing liste "furets" - français / french	(email)	 newsgroups: rec.pets.ferrets,	    alt.pets.ferrets and		rec.pets   interactive chats & icq	  ferret fans icq list, compiled by nicole hamilton	 ferret chat server  sleepyferret chat  fuzzy central chat   web bulletin boards	  friends of fuzzies ferret board  fuzzy central forums  ferret universe message board  fuzzymike's fuzzy forum  ferret city   information in other languages(also see the list of clubs and organizations outside the us.)  czech	  fretãí svût   deutsch/german	  frettchen faq, teile 1-2, translated by regine bast and prakkari the swiss fancy ferret society   español/castellano/spanish	  faq de los hurones, partes 1-3, translated by alejandro lopez ruiz hurones.net   français/french 	  parlez-vous furet?  mustela francia   japanese	  the ferret faq and medical faqs, translated by ayumi takeshima and tetsuro oka hq ferret, imports ferrets & supplies	  nederlands/dutch	  frettenlinks  belgische frettenliga  stichting "de fret"  frettenpret  de fret als huisdier   português/portuguese  ferret brasil   suomi/finnish	  fretti faq, translated by mari-miia heino v-s fretit ry   svenska/swedish	  svenska/swedish: tamiller vaf, mini-vaf, and vaf binjuresjukdom, translated by camilla englund svenska illervänner  ferret magic (bilingual) tamillrar: man kan inte leva utan dem!    photos, sounds and fun this section has been moved to its own page tokeep this main page shorter.  top | faqs | news | resources | interaction | other languages | photos, sounds & fun organizations & shelters | products & breeders | individuals    all things ferrety web ring: prev | random | next 5 | next  ferret lovers ring: prev | random | next 5 | next ferrets & pets ring: prev | random | next 5 | next ferret central has received various awards over the years.     copyright © 1994-2002, 2005, 2008 by pamela greene <pamg  at alumni.rice.edu>.last modified: 1 june 2008.  comments and suggestions are welcome!"ferret central," "the ferret faq," and the silhouette of a ferret used in their logos are trademarks of pamela greene.mac, the mac logo, and the made on a mac badge are trademarks of apple computer, inc., used with permission.many thanks to the folks at draknet for their generous donation of hosting services.  