











home - center for orthopaedics and sports medicine
























































 call us toll free 888.452.4762
three convenient locations:  indiana | punxsutawney | johnstown

 















home

providers

services

rehabilitation

work comp



locations

education

patients

information



contact us









 































center for orthopaedics & sports medicine (cosm)
is committed to providing our community with a highly skilled, dedicated and caring team of professionals giving the best possible musculoskeletal care available.
we are:

compassionate
local
able to care for bone, muscle andjoint needs
striving to provide timelyaccess to care
striving to obtain highpatient satisfaction



3 convenient locations!



321 main st #3c, johnstown, pa 15901


120 irmc dr #160, indiana, pa 15701


720 w mahoning st, punxsutawney, pa 15767




news & events
congratulations to dr. fugate on his upcoming retirementirmc rated among best for knee, hip replacementstruggle with concussions leads area man on journey of healingjoint replacement – delivering positive resultsolympic service blends local doctor’s love of sports, medicine




visit http://www.indianarmc.org/humanmotioninstitutefor more information. click here for map.



please visit our sister site:


www.indianatotaltherapy.com


 

center for orthopaedics & sports medicine complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminateon the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex.

aaos information statement – antibiotic prophylaxis for bacteremiafor patents with joint replacement.

serving as team physicians for the following organizations:






				indiana university of pennsylvania
				




				u.s. ski team
				




				indiana area school district
				




				homer-center high school
				







your health is your responsibility. your use of the information contained herein is your choice and will be at your own risk. you as a user of the center for orthopaedic & sports medicine website agree that neither the author nor the website assume any liability for the use or misuse of information contained in this site. you also agree that the information contained herein is provided as is, with no warranties and may not be complete or correct. the information contained on the center for orthopaedic & sports medicine website is not intended to replace medical advice or substitute a physician. specific medical advice from a licensed health-care professional should be obtained before undertaking any fitness program or exercise. consult your physician before you begin using any new exercise program.
privacy policy | disclaimers | contact us | copyright © 2025 center for orthopaedic & sports medicine. all rights reserved.




designed by minuteman press of allison park.




























