



















veterinarian in dorr, mi | dorr veterinary clinic
























































(269) 793-7387


 our   dorr, mi   office  





























call us: (269) 793-7387
 request appointment 


home
about

our team


new clients

welcome form
book online


vet services

general exams and consultations
preventative medicine
in house laboratory
outside laboratory
digital radiography and ultrasound
surgery
dentistry
orthopedic services


daycare
boarding
online shop
grooming
blog
contact
 
























we welcome new clients  your local veterinarian in dorr, michigan. call us today at (269) 793-7387 to schedule your pet care appointment!  
 request appointment 




call us: (269) 793-7387
get directions
request an appointment




















						welcome to dorr veterinary clinic					


your veterinarian in dorr, mi
welcome to dorr veterinary clinic, your local veterinarian servicing dorr, mi and all surrounding areas. we’re pleased to provide a wide variety of veterinary services for small animals. we see all breeds of dogs and cats and offer many surgical services and diagnostic tests here at the clinic. a small town feel is what you will experience here but with all the newest technologies to help your dog or cat.
we are not just veterinary care, but also a large boarding facility and full-time pet grooming and doggy daycare service.
feel free to contact us with your questions or to schedule an appointment at anytime. we’re happy to help anyone expand their knowledge on pet care. dorr vet is always welcoming new clients.






 why choose us? 




 about us 
we are dedicated to providing the highest level of veterinary medicine along with friendly, compassionate service. 





 new clients 
you can expect to be greeted by a courteous receptionist, clean exam rooms, friendly doctors, and caring technicians.





 services 
it is our goal to give your pets the best possible veterinary care that they deserve!  



 learn more 






new clients
at dorr veterinary clinic, you can expect state of the art medical care for your pet. we believe in nurturing the human-pet bond and creating a harmonious relationship between people and pets. you can expect to be greeted by a courteous receptionist, clean exam rooms, friendly doctors, and caring technicians. we appreciate the role we get to play in your pets’ health care.
if you have any questions or comments about how we can care for your pet, please contact us today at (269) 793-7387.
  request an appointment 







our services
we are proud to be able to serve  dorr, mi  and our surrounding communities to give your pet the best care that they deserve!
our staff at dorr veterinary clinic is filled with passionate animal lovers who are here to help you and your pet! they are highly trained and dedicated to making sure that your pets receive the care and compassion every time they walk in the door!
learn more






 dental care 





 in-house laboratory 





 preventative care 





 ultrasound 





 





 




 

 find us here 

  address 
3752 18th st  dorr, mi 49323


  hours 
monday: 7:00 am – 7:30 pm
tuesday: 7:00 am – 6:00 pm
wednesday: 7:00 am – 6:00 pm
thursday: 7:00 am – 7:30 pm
friday: 7:00 am – 6:00 pm
saturday: 8:00 am – 12:00 pm
sunday: closed


  contact   (269) 793-7387 









 © copyright 2025 dorr veterinary clinic sitemap | accessibility |  privacy policy website by doctor multimedia 




  call us   text us 









skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








