




































    cafe restaurant in jefferson city, mo | madison’s cafe
  

 















                  about



  menus


   general



  gluten free





  private dining


   private dining menu



  catering menu





  loyalty club





   awards & recognition



  order online



  contact












    
 





       

 enjoy fine dining in a cafe-style setting at jefferson city, mo’s favorite restaurant



    jefferson city, mo’s every occasion restaurant since 1982
 madison’s cafe is your spot for pairing delicious food and drinks with every little life event. we're here for your birthdays, business meetings, anniversaries, holiday gatherings, reunions, or just because. a jefferson city tradition since 1982, madison’s cafe is proud to be the choice for fine dining for locals, visitors, and everyone in between. book your reservation today.   

make a reservation


 



    madison’s cafe is jefferson city, mo’s spot for spontaneous date nights, private events, catering & more
     

    

our menu




  

    

private dining menu




  

    

catering menu




  

    

contact madison's










    
 


  
 



  a capital city tradition
 you can’t talk about jefferson city, mo without mentioning madison’s cafe. we’re proud to be a staple in the community, and it’s been our honor to provide outstanding food and atmosphere to our guests for more than four decades. our signature blend of american and italian cuisine creates the perfect balance for any occasion, and we love to share our food with long-time regulars and new guests. learn more about what sets madison’s cafe apart. our rich history spans decades, and our commitment to providing fine dining to the jefferson city, mo, community is boundless.   

our history

 
 


  
 





    book your reservation or private event at madison’s cafe in jefferson city, mo
 plan your next evening out, business event, or private dining experience at madison’s cafe. we can accommodate almost any occasion, whether that’s a simple date night or an extravagant gathering. contact madison’s today.   

call madison's cafe








             





  

    

 





     








   location 216 madison st jefferson city, mo 65101
 contact (573) 634-2988
 hours    sunday
closed

 mon - fri
 11:00 am 
- 9:00 pm


 saturday
 4:30 pm 
- 9:00 pm










     © 2025 
all rights reserved | website by lift division





















































































































  
  share by:












