








	prestige travel club > home






















february 16, 2025





homeclub benefitsfeatured benefitsadditional club benefitsclub servicesfaq'sabout usjoin nowwatch video















featured benefits








 
 













what is the passport to travel club?













join the passport to travel club and save now!
lifetime vacation travel club membership
call us at (877) 351-8852 or join now





            as a member you are entitled to a 7 night cruise and 7 night condo vacation each year of membership where you pay only taxes and fees! try risk free for 30 days.  money back guarantee!  if you cancel your membership, you can keep the ultimate cruise voucher as a gift for trying our club!   

            members are also eligible for additional yearly travel benefits for only taxes and fees which include a choice of a 3 or 4 night cruise, hawaiian paradise stay and more!  the passport to travel club also provides members special opportunities to save on cruises, condos, hotel stays and vacation packages.  once you are a member you will begin receiving member only email specials and will gain access to our members-only website.

featured member benefits 
additional member benefits 
faq's 
club services 
join now! 




             












watch our video




























































similar clubs sell for $2500 or more!
prestige travel is able to offer low membership fees because it does not have the high marketing expenses of other clubs and is able to provide travel services directly to members.  prestige has been one of the largest travel providers in the us for over 20 years.
serving travelers since 1988
the prestige passport to travel club is a division of prestige travel systems, one of the largest licensed, bonded and accredited travel companies in the united states, doing business since 1988.  our travel club is distributed nationally by independent representatives. 
 
please note that travel club membership is not available to residents of the state of california. included offers are subject to change.














copyright 2017 by prestige travel club
privacy statement  |  terms of use
home  |  club benefits  |  club services  |  faq's  |  about us  |  join now  |  watch video






login  |  

 
  










