




 






home - bet aviv




















































best reform synagogue in columbia, md 



home

contact  us
sitemap


about us

directions
reform judaism
archive
our history
media

photo galleries
music for the high holidays
videos


communications

newsletter
weekly bulletin


community

jewish federation
kol nefesh
interfaith community


donations


membership

about membership
why join?
faqs


worship

livestream
shabbat

oneg shabbat
shabbat host
shabbat service honors


holidays

purim
passover
shavout
high holy days
sukkot
simchat torah
hanukkah


life cycle events
yahrzeit
healing


leadership

our clergy

our rabbi
our cantorial soloist
our rabbi emeritus
our rabbi emeritus
our cantor emerita
cantor linda baer


board
non-board committee chairs


calendar
programs

adult education
caring committee
choir
men’s club
singles club
social action
special events
women of bet aviv


administration

synagogue administrator
forms
procedures
policies
chair responsibilities


 














  pay dues online
  meet our sponsors
  donate
 




























 

 


                                                                    shabbat                                                            
feel the peace and joy of shabbat.


  

 


                                                                    adult education                                                            
quench your thirst for jewish knowledge.


  

 


                                                                    choir                                                            
raise your voice in song.


  

 


                                                                    social action                                                            
feed the homeless.


  

 


                                                                    hanukkah                                                            
celebrate hanukkah with friends and family.


  

 


                                                                    sisterhood                                                            
honor sisterhood presidents.


  

 


                                                                    men's club                                                            
prepare delicious latkes for hanukkah.


  

 


                                                                    torah                                                            
learn jewish values.


 











welcomebet aviv is a reform jewish congregation founded on commitment to columbia’s interfaith concept. our programs focus on the needs and interests of our adult members. a warm, friendly, committed community, we offer a wide variety of activities that encourage congregants to stay connected and involved. an additional benefit: our dues are affordable. 




adultour child-rearing years mostly behind us, we are at a wonderful time of life. at bet aviv, we now have the time to use as we choose to cultivate new friendships, to study religious history, to discuss contemporary issues and to participate in activities to improve our community. we’re there for each other in good times to celebrate simchas and, of course, to extend support in times of need.activewhether your passion is spiritual, intellectual or focused on making the world a better place, bet aviv offers a wide range of activities for you. we encourage and welcome new members to participate fully in our programs. with so many to choose from, you’re sure to find one just right for you.affordablebet aviv’s dues are fair and affordable. because our programs are adult-focused, we don’t incur the higher expenses of youth-oriented programs such as bar and bat mitzvahs and sunday school. moreover, our choice to share space at the oakland mills interfaith center eliminates a building fund. and the help of member volunteers lowers administrative costs. sum total: exceptional value and a rewarding membership experience.  

 







upcoming events




                        thu                        20





lunch and learn





                        feb 20 @ 12:30 pm - 2:00 pm					





                        sun                        23





choir rehearsal



						the bet aviv choir rehearses periodically					

                        feb 23 @ 12:30 pm - 2:30 pm					





                        wed                        26





experience the rich culture of yemenite jews



						click here to register					

                        feb 26 @ 6:00 pm - 8:30 pm					





                        wed                        26





bet aviv board meeting



						the bet aviv board meets on					

                        feb 26 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm					





                        thu                        27





lunch and learn





                        feb 27 @ 12:30 pm - 2:00 pm					





                        fri                        28





shabbat service



						please join us for a shabbat					

                        feb 28 @ 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm					















                                                full calendar                                        









                                                high holiday forms                                        












get connected to jewish life 

 









 






feel the peace and joy of shabbat 




bet aviv holds friday evening shabbat services twice a month.  experience the joy of praying and singing with a thriving community, hear insightful sermons by the rabbi, joyful songs led by the cantor and best of all the chance to meet and chat with friends at our beautiful onegs following the service.  we hold special shabbats to honor members and celebrate major holidays as a community. 





                                                learn more                                        









 






quench your thirst for jewish knowledge 




we are a community that has thirst for deepening our knowledge of judaism and its values.  we hold monthly adult education programs, weekly lunch and learn sessions with rabbi joseph to study jewish topics of interest and a yearly scholar in residence program presented by a prominent guest speaker. 





                                                learn more                                        









 






repair the world 




our social action committee is actively involved in efforts that fulfill the mitzvah of tikkun olam, repairing the world.  we cook and serve food for the hungry, coordinate food collections at yom kippur and throughout the year, help keep our environment clean and more. 





                                                learn more                                        












honor sisterhood presidents 




combined social, educational, religious and social action programs create opportunities for the synagogue’s women to create lasting friendships.  our sisterhood holds monthly programs,  an annual fundraiser, cooks food for the homeless, helps dress the poor, has an awesome book club and more! 





                                                learn more                                        









 






the latke kings reign supreme 




our men’s club provides monthly programming of interest to all on jewish topics, preceded by their enormously popular bagelicious brunch.  in addition, the men’s club cooks mountains of delicious golen latkes for our hanukkah celebration. 





                                                learn more                                        









 






raise your voice in song 




our choir enhances our services with their beautiful singing.  they are honored on choir shabbat, sing special melodies for hanukkah and shabbat shira and enhance our high holy day services with their enthusiastic and beautiful voices and arrangements.   





                                                learn more                                        







 










from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

refugees

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


       







contact info info@betaviv.org bet aviv the meeting house 5885 robert oliver place  columbia, md 21045 office phone: (410)-992-9994 rabbi phone:  (410)-992-9995
 

 shabbat times


 

quick links  donations
  contact  us
  livestream
  directions
  high holiday appeal
  pay dues online
 

search


yom rishon, 18 shevat 5785

  facebook



  youtube

 








bet aviv 

© bet aviv 2025 













 
 











