






dedicated to protecting atlanta's urban forest






























 





about




our locations


staff & board


partners


sponsors


history


commitment to our community


financial documents and reports


contact us


faqs




our programs




adult education


advocacy


atlanta beltline arboretum


forest restoration


tree care


tree planting


youth education


workforce development




calendar


news


resources


get involved




volunteer as an individual


volunteer as a group


calendar of events


one million trees initiative


career opportunities




support us




become a donor


honor someone with a tree


give a gift of stock


rent our venue


sponsor a planting or program


native plant sale


annual tree sale


attend the root ball


holiday cards


shop






n
a
v





















 


170,000 trees  and counting

celebrate georgia arbor week, feb 14 - 22




 


how would you like to get involved?






donate







volunteer







attend an event







rent our venue







want to learn more about trees? check out our resources 






top news 







trees atlanta: celebrating 40 years of community forestry


 







8,000 trees for downtown atlanta


 






trees atlanta establishes plan for a tree nursery


 

view all news and events 


stay updated

subscribe




 






protect our trees!
have the right tools to help protect our precious trees.
see all resources 



 





atlanta beltline arboretum
learn more about our collections and the unique spaces we have created in the atlanta beltline arboretum.
learn more


 


explore our programs
for any group size, age or skill level. 









adult education










advocacy










atlanta beltline arboretum










forest restoration










tree care










tree planting










youth education










youth tree team




view all











 

donate



						navigation
						


about


career opportunities


faqs


our programs


support us





						extras
						


calendar


contact


news


resources





						legal
						


privacy policy


site terms







stay updated
















search



















copyright © 2025 trees atlanta. all rights reserved.
nonprofit web design by nmc






×






1. magnolia collection

magnolias are part of an ancient lineage of flowering plants dating back approximately 95 million years. the atlanta beltline arboretum is home to 18 types of magnolias from evergreen to flowering. two magnolias in particular have witnessed history as they were planted just beyond the outfield wall for the former ponce de leon park, where the atlanta crackers played baseball. babe ruth and eddie matthews both hit home runs that were caught in the canopy of one of these magnolia trees. as part of arboretum experimentation, we have taken cuttings from these historic magnolias and grown them into new trees so that this piece of history can live on the atlanta beltline arboretum and in new parks and baseball fields around atlanta.









2. 33 oaks

the oak trees on this slope and throughout the arboretum represent many ecosystems in georgia, from bottomland hardwood swamps to granite outcrops. of the approximately 90 species of oaks native to the united states, 33 are native to georgia. all 33 oaks are growing on this slope and between them dance 33 stainless steel leaf sculptures – one for each tree.
these metal oaks were designed and crafted by david landis of landis sculpture studio. learn more about david’s work here. for more information about the individual oaks featured, see our fact sheet here.
to learn more general information about our georgia oaks, check out this video here.









3. beech circle

among the stateliest of our native trees, beeches are indicative of a mature forest. though they can take around 40 years to produce a large quantity of nuts, beech trees are critical for wildlife. beeches provide food and shelter for all kinds of birds and mammals, such as the red-headed woodpecker. dubbed the fairy ring, the circle of beech trees here surrounds a granite outdoor classroom and gathering place where you can contemplate how the beech trees will look in 3, 5, and 10 years!









4. eastside azalea collection

despite the native azalea holding the title of georgia’s state wildflower, it is underused in the landscape. the atlanta beltline arboretum is now home to the largest public native azalea collection in the atlanta area with over 300 azaleas on display. the collection highlights over 25 species, cultivars, and varieties, and is home to all 13 azaleas native to the state of georgia. this collection focuses on named cultivars (varieties that have been selected for depending on color, size, bloom time, etc.) within two series called the georgia moon series and the sunrise to sunset series. the georgia moon series will have fragrant white-blooming georgia native species, and the sunrise to sunset series will be comprised of georgia native species in warm orange, reds, and soft yellows blooming from march – july.









5. stumpery garden

the stumpery garden is a horticultural oddity, serving as a public place for learning and exploration and demonstrating how trees can be utilized in a beautiful way. stumpery gardens utilize dead, fallen, and storm-damaged trees as an asset to the garden – providing critical habitat for beetles, frogs, birds, and small mammals such as chipmunks. whole logs are placed upside down to display their root structure, and logs, branches, and pieces of bark are arranged to form walls and archways. plants such as ferns, lichen, mosses, soft grasses, and trailing plants are encouraged to grow on and around them.
take a virtual tour of the stumpery garden here.









6. westside azalea collection

different from the eastside collection, the westside collection has all straight species and natural varieties that encourage free hybridization. these azaleas are all grown from seed so there are many variations in the hues even between the same species.









7. persimmon woods

home to the largest american persimmon tree in the state of georgia, this remnant old growth forest on 1.3 acres provides habitat to a variety of deep forest flora. walking through a nature trail and over a few bridges will bring you up close and personal with woodland groundcovers, rare spring ephemerals (plants with a short life cycle) such as trillium, and a large collection of native woody species. enjoy the seasonal blooms, learn from plant identification signs, and get hands-on with volunteer opportunities to plant, divide woodland perennials, and collect seed.



 previous project
next project 





