


inside a naked artist´s mind






















    
	inside a naked artist´s mind
	
  
born artist, die artist. africa, art & sex kid, sydney aussie teen, bark to states, midwest architect, nyc flight, 111 e 2nd life, popart greek & columbia. drugs/sex, paris, yale grad, lsd epifany galaxy 67, plato speaks, yale kick, chicago art scene, advertising good life, war death, caribe clean, life w psycho, art/mania, life study, espanol kiss, marbled in italy, more paris, more mexico, more drugs, more mania, more art, loss & love, truth & sight. mexico float. creation eidos & more life.





monday, august 07, 2006



	 
	 where is my puerto rican man, the love of my life?
	 
    


chicago, illinoismore than ten years ago, you saw me for the first time.  i was coming down the stairs at the sears at six corners, into the basement where the tools are.  i was going shopping for a garden hose. i was wearing a pair of khaki shorts, and a kind of brown patterned shirt like the one in this photo.  i also had on suede sandals  the exact same ones as in the photo.  i wore metal rimmed glasses and my hair was short.  i must have looked obviously gay, because later when i left the store and was walking along milwaukee avenue to my car, a car full of latino boys drove by slowly and shouted out at me 'maricon'.  when you saw me you just stopped and stared and smiled at me as i came down the stairs.  i was disarmed.  you were wearing grey sweats pants, sneakers, a blue sweat top with a hood and i think a blue cap.  you were with your grandfather (or some old man maybe in his late seventies).  i think you were there to buy screws.  i came down and went to find the hose.  i came back to the register and there you were standing behind me, you started to look at power tools, and so did i.  you had a hard-on for me, i could see it in your sweat pants.  i wanted to speak to you so bad that i have regretted it to this day and think about you a lot. finally you gave up and went back to your grandfather who was in the screw section. you are a big guy, maybe 6'2" or so, and 200 lbs.  your skin is very white, and your hair is curly and black.  i think that your eyes are also castaño. at that time you had no facial hair.  from what i saw i think you are also very endowed. at the time of our first sight you were maybe 32 or 33 years of age.  i'd say that you had the body of a wrestler, you were kind of beefy, definitely not a gymnast. i left.  but sometime later maybe 4 months or so, i was driving a silver saab and had come to a stop at the corner of diversey and clark, waiting for the light to change.  i was going south on clark.  you suddenly appeared, this time wearing a navy blue nylon sweat-suit with a white stripe. you just stopped in front of my car and starred at me.  then you came around to the passenger window and looked in as though you wanted me to invite you into the car.  how i wish i had.  you had a big gym bag and were on your way to the bally's in the century.  it was really intense—i shall never forget the look and the moment.  it is burnt into my brain.  i want you so bad.  i have had such fantasies about you. have i ever seen you since?  sometimes i think so. i don't know why i am writing this now—maybe fate is directing me to do it, i don't know.  but if you are out there i know that i will know you in an instant.  the photo here is pretty much how i looked at that time. come find me, my beautiful puerto rican man, and take me as your true beloved.



posted by mackerel gazeteer at 4:29 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  mackerel gazeteer 
location:  united states 
we’re all afraid to look like fools. now, isn’t that just the most idiotic thing? why do we care what others think about us? well, i guess we are after all pack animals, more like dogs than cats. we need love and approval. cats need a warm place to lie, food, drink, something to chase, and a good stroke now and then.


as editor of this “online” gazette, do i care what you might think of me? not really. but i do care about what you think of what i am saying to you. i want to scream it all out to everyone from the sacred mount and get you all off your duffs to fix the wrongs man does to others and the world at large.


please, wake up people. but that i were eighteen again, i would forgo the good times, the ivy league and would choose to be the pamphleteer anarchist and revolutionary. yes, i am old now, and imagine, i am more angry at what i see than i did when i was twenty-five—the events were no better then either.
view my complete profile



links

google news

visit my store on ebay

check out my gallery at yessi

see most of my art


previous posts

where is my puerto rican man, the love of my life?
tell me how to sell art on the net?
let's all giclee. how an artist sees it.
the birth of god, a story
the love story of peperomis and begonia
flyland—the history of flies
an animal story:  discourse on devolution

archives

april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006









 











