







home version two - macreport.net























































 

















 










 







  


home
about us
contact

contact us


 










 



































 





















macreport.net 
							welcome to macreport.net 
							the macreport.net, inc. (otc: mrpt) is a financial technology company in the early stages of building a portfolio of digital assets. the company is also expanding into bitcoin mining, with a focus on partnering with hosting facilities across the united states. 
							





 





















featured services 



building the future of compliant digital asset holding and mining operations 



 holding digital assetsapproved non-security digital assets such as bitcoin, litecoin, and dogecoin. regulatory complianceensuring adherence to sec and finra standards through rigorous review processes and infrastructure development. clearing and custody solutionsdeveloping innovative mechanisms for compliant clearing, settlement, custody, and control of sst crypto-securities. focus on non-securitiesprioritizing the trading of assets explicitly classified as non-securities by the sec, ensuring transparency and trust.  



















 


    




							business collaboration						


						driving success through strategic partnerships in digital asset trading. together, we innovate, comply, and build a secure holding company					

















 




							digital assets holding						


						innovating the future of digital asset trading with vision, strategy, and expertise.					

























   




							mining operations						


						macreport.net to launch first bitcoin mining operation in texas					
























    







    

















  







get in touch 





 

















 








 














 










 



the macreport.net, inc. (otc: mrpt) is a financial technology company in the early stages of providing digital asset management and trading services. it is also preparing to expand into bitcoin mining, focusing on partnering with hosting facilities across the united states. 



 


x-twitter
 






 







quick links 



 


home










about us










contact us






















contact us 



1603 capitol ave suite 310 a278   cheyenne, wy 82001 



info.macreportnet@gmail.com 



+1 315-567-6946 







subscribe 



follow our newsletter to stay updated about us. 





 













 












2024 macreport.net. all rights reserved. 



































































