








puskar paintings - krishna paintings radha krishna paintings






puskar paintings - krishna paintings radha krishna paintings




















































352-474-7960
puskar0101@aol.com



facebook




twitter


  










facebook




twitter



  
 
 










galleries

gurus
chaitanya
krishna
mahabharata sketches-drawings
bhagavad-gita analogies
landscapes and backdrops
other sketches-drawings
contemporary
miscellaneous


services
about
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 





book
take an adventure illuminated by the brilliant realm of ultimate truth and beauty.
 
 



commissioned art
contact matthew (puskar) for portraits, murals, landscapes and more!
 
 



prints and originals
order any art piece. originals (inquire for estimate) or high quality, nonfading, custom print.
 
 
 
 



reviews
 
 
 
 



“mesmerizes the viewer, much like staring at a rainbow close up.”– moon magazine
 
 

“fantastical…rich with layer upon layer of symbolism and metaphorical content.”
– florida times union
 
 

“art of a higher order”– gainesville sun
 
 

“remarkably detailed symbolic paintings of hindu themes. puskar is prolific and talented.”– napra review
 
 
 
 




 

krishnajune 28, 2015 





 

chaitanyajune 28, 2015 





 

gurusjune 28, 2015 





 

mahabharata sketches-drawingsjune 28, 2015 





 

contemporaryjune 28, 2015 





 

bhagavad-gita analogiesjune 28, 2015 





 

landscapes and backdropsjune 28, 2015 





 

other sketches-drawingsjune 28, 2015 





 

miscellaneousjune 28, 2015 




 
 





 



 



 



 
 
 





 

bio
“from my first days in l.a., seeing those early paintings and doing paintings of my own, i understood that this yoga of devotional service is really practical and is the true means of liberation. here we are — meditating on the ultimate spiritual reality. what an occupation! that exquisite form of krishna manifests through us, and we realize the instructions of bhagavad-gita — engaging our senses, mind, and body and being gradually purified. while other artists go on struggling to come up with newer and newer, more satisfying forms, the devotional artist feels satisfied simply by painting krishna’s eternally satisfying form and personality.”
read more
 
 
 
 






see puskar in studio
 

 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




backdrops
bg analogies
chaitanya
contemporary
gurus
krishna
mahabharata
miscellaneous
other sketches
 
 





facebook




twitter


 






copyright 2025 puskar - matthew goldman
 

 
 
 












