













home | entomology























































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



entomology 

entomology
https://entomology.osu.edu




department of entomology












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeundergraduatecoursespotential entomology student interest formentomology majorentomology minorscholarshipsresearch credit and internshipscareers in entomologychrysalis entomology student clubplant health management majortransfer creditvisit usgraduatecoursesdegree optionsph.d. degree requirementsms plan a and plan bgraduate minormaster in plant health managementgraduate faculty accepting new studentshandbookformsstudent awardspast departmental award winnersentomology graduate student associationegsa website (external)egsa student spotlightcolumbus and woostergraduate transfer creditgraduate independent study and researchabout uscontact usour peopledepartment administrationfacultystaffpostdoctoral scholarsgraduate studentsassociated facultyvisiting scholarsemeritus facultyentomology newsletternewsletter archiveseminar schedule and recordingsnewsphoto gallerymultimediawhat is entomology?give now - wooster bug zoogive now - bugmobilegive now - undergraduate scholarship fundresearchfaculty research areasextensionour extension specialistsoutreach and educationcolumbus outreachsupport bugmobilevisit request formpollinator educationwooster outreachprograms & eventsvolunteersupport utbzabout the utbzother outreach activitieshoneyosu honeyhoney ordersdepartment resourcesresources for department memberscfaes staff advisory councilwooster staff councildei resources 







features








        discover the world of entomology at the utbz      

        united titanium bug zoo open house february 15!      





      a season of progress and promise    



      entomology seminar series. explore more!    





 
 
 





 




home









 







 insect species outnumber all other life forms combined.  we truly live on a planet of insects! 
the department of entomology at the ohio state university is the only university department in ohio focused on the study of insects. we use insects as model systems to further fundamental understanding of molecular biology, physiology, genetics, ecology, and evolution. we provide instruction at the undergraduate (major and minor) and graduate levels (m.s. and ph.d). our extension and outreach programs provide non-biased, research-based information to stakeholders to help protect crops, natural resources, structures, and human and animal health. 
we invite you to explore, learn, study and research with us!  

 



news



  
  
 congratulations to dr. mary gardiner on being named cfaes distinguished professor! 
 the honorific title, awarded annually on a competitive basis to full professors, recognizes outstanding contributions and significant impact in teaching, research, outreach, and engagement.  “mary gardiner is an exceptional researcher, mentor, and leader whose work exemplifies the best of cfaes... 

  
 entomology students win research awards at annual meeting! 
 exciting news from the entomological society of america annual conference 2024 student awards ceremony! 
 

  
 mphm director faculty search  
 the interdisciplinary master in plant health management program (mphm) seeks a professional practice faculty director in the department of plant pathology or department of entomology or horticulture and crop science (hcs).
 
 

more news 
 



videos




 
video of the sting of a long mosquito biting season

 
 the sting of a long mosquito biting season
video of the sting of a long mosquito biting season

  

 
video of beech leaf disease

 
 beech leaf disease
video of beech leaf disease

  


more videos 
 

 







search form

search 





 



interact with us

ohiostateentomology facebook
ohiostateentomology ig
ohiostateentomology youtube channel
 



front page buttons

support our students
student interest form
bug zoos and outreach
department contacts
 



upcoming events




 2/20 
  neurodivergence in entomology: a panel discussion  

 3/3 
  utbz at the 4h open house  

 3/8 
  shreve migration sensation! dip-netting with the utbz  

 3/18 
  entomology cultural connections: honduras and zamobuckeyes  

 3/26 
  bug zoo at the wooster public library  



    more events  

 



photo gallery







   

   

   



   

   

   



   

   

   





more photos 
 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



department of entomology
216 kottman hall
2021 coffey road, columbus, oh 43210
phone: (614) 688-0218
fax: (614) 292-7641
entomology@osu.edu

department of entomology
221 wooster science building
1680 madison avenue, wooster, oh 44691
phone: (614) 688-0218
fax: (330) 263-3686
entomology@osu.edu


 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map







footer site menu

give now
login
 

 




interact with us

ohiostateentomology facebook
ohiostateentomology ig
ohiostateentomology youtube channel
 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 












