







sav-on manufactured homes, mobile homes and modular homes for sale









































savon homes

beaumont branch
call us toll free:
(800) 464-5687





home
inventory

lot models  (16)

floorplans  (6)
prior sales  (58)


contact

contact form
location map


manufacturers

cavco
golden west
silvercrest
skyline

park models
modular homes


photo gallery
testimonials
help and support

blog
how to sell your mobile home
how to buy a mobile home
how to build a manufactured home foundation
how to do sitework and obtain construction permits
how to get a construction loan for your mobile home






















 your best mobile home dealer in the inland empire
call us at (800) 464-5687

looking for a  solar powered manufactured home? we offer competitive solar-powered mobile homes, which will reduce your cost of living as well as add value to your mobile home purchase. solar panels for mobile homes are becoming more popular, so we have the following information to help you as well as costs for solar installation.
checkout this solar-powered mobile home our customer has set up to be off-grid using battery energy storage.

sav-on homes has been family-owned, selling manufactured homes since 1972. if looking for a mobile home for sale, we have been providing high-quality service and customer satisfaction for more than 53 years at the same location. sav-on homes specializes in custom manufactured homes by silvercrest, skyline, and clayton, which produce the best mobile homes in the industry. when looking to buy a manufactured home, trust sav-on homes as we serve the inland empire as well as surrounding desert areas and are the best manufactured home retailer in southern california.

3d virtual tours

get a virtual reality view of many of our mobile homes for sale.
 listings that show the 3d virtual tour icon allow you to walk through the mobile home from the comfort of your mobile phone, desktop computer or smart tv. we also welcome you to visit our location just off the 10 freeway, in beaumont, ca for a more traditional hands-on tour of our modern manufactured/mobile/modular homes for sale.






sav-on homes specializes in manufactured homes located on private land with foundations along with garages and
                    wood awnings. you can not beat the service and prices at sav-on homes. be sure you
                    compare our lowest prices when purchasing your manufactured home.
                                  
contact us today for a list of all the models we have matched to
                    your specific needs... 

need to sell your current home?
do you need help selling your current home? we've put together a list of helpful tips that could help you sell your home faster and at a higher price. while we don't have any used mobile homes for sale, but we can help you find a new one at a price you may find comparable to a used mobile home.


 follow us on facebook





 
manufactured homes for sale

            these homes are built to the h.u.d. code (the federal building code)
            and are built in sections in a factory controlled environment, free from outside weather conditions. h.u.d.
            coded manufactured homes can be placed on any r-1 lot in the state of california, as long as it meets
            architectural guidelines in the surrounding neighborhood.
select from the inventory link in the top navigation area to see our current lot models on site. we can also order a custom home made to your own specifications. if you are looking where to buy mobile homes near me, we have a list below of the cities we serve.
park models for sale

park models are built to the r.v.code (the recreational vehicle code). the homes sq. footage cannot exceed
            400 sq. ft. in size in the state of california. built in factories in single sections as vacation homes for
            rv communities scattered around california. sometimes rv park models can be used as an additional home for
            dependent care living or a guest home. check with your local building dept. to see if a permit can be
            obtained.
modular homes 

            these homes are built to the c.b.c. 2007 california building code. the same code that site constructed homes
            are built to. the homes are built in sections in a climate controlled factory on a production line. a
            modular home usually doesn't have an i-beam frame as part of its floor system like a manufactured home does.
            the main reason
            for the "modular home" is that lenders will loan higher amounts of money on your modular project
            as the modular home appraised value is the same as homes entirely built on site, conforming to the
            c.b.c.code.
our manufacturers

silvercrest
goldenwest
cavco
skyline



with the combined experience of our expert team, pacific manufactured & modular homes is a
        family run full service dealership that is designed to assist our valued customers through the process of
        purchasing an affordable home while making the experience as pleasant and simple as possible. 
at pacific manufactured & modular homes, we understand the concept that buying a home is one of the most
        important investment decisions in our customer's life. in fact, our professional well trained staff has made it
        their top priority in helping thousands of people achieve their dream of becoming a homeowner. 
        call us toll free at (800) 464-5687 or email us now to mike taylor .
    
habla español
? no hay problema! tanto nuestras instalaciones cuentan con agentes que hablan español
. 



1415 e. 6th street
                beaumont, ca 92223
951-845-2671
location
                    map


showroom open
                    monday through saturday!
 hours: 9am - 4pm
we have many mobile homes for sale and on display, please 
                        visit often
                as our models change regularly!







service areas

beaumont , inland empire, san diego county, san diego, santee.
additionally riverside county cities:
aguana, 
                    anza, 
                    banning, 
                    beaumont, 
                    bermuda, 
                    blythe, 
                    cabazon, 
                    canyon lake, 
                    cathedral city, 
                    coachella, 
                    corona, 
                    desert hot springs, 
                    hemet, 
                    glen avon, 
                    homeland, 
                    idyllwild, 
                    indian wells, 
                    indio, 
                    la quinta, 
                    la sierra, 
                    lake elsinore, 
                    mecca, 
                    menifee, 
                    mira loma, 
                    moreno valley, 
                    murrieta, 
                    norco, 
                    nuevo, 
                    palm desert, 
                    palm springs, 
                    perris, 
                    rancho mirage, 
                    riverside, 
                    romoland, 
                    rubidoux, 
                    san jacinto, 
                    sky valley, 
                    sun city, 
                    temecula, 
                    thermal, 
                    thousand palms, 
                    white water, 
                    wildomar, 
                    windchester, 
                    woodcrest

san bernardino county cities:
adelanto,
                    apple valley,
                    barstow,
                    big bear lake,
                    chino,
                    chino hills,
                    colton,
                    crestline,
                    fontana,
                    grand terrace,
                    hesperia,
                    highland,
                    joshua tree,
                    lake arrowhead,
                    loma linda,
                    lucerne valley,
                    montclair,
                    needles,
                    ontario,
                    rancho cucamonga,
                    redlands,
                    rialto,
                    running springs,
                    san bernardino,
                    twentynine palms,
                    upland,
                    victorville,
                    wrightwood,
                    yermo,
                    yucaipa,
                    yucca valley 

san diego county cities:
alpine, 
                  bonita, 
                  bonsall, 
                  borrego springs, 
                  boulevard, 
                  camp pendleton, 
                  campo, 
                  cardiff by the sea, 
                  carlsbad, 
                  chula vista, 
                  coronado, 
                  del mar, 
                  descanso, 
                  dulzura, 
                  el cajon, 
                  encinitas, 
                  escondido, 
                  fallbrook, 
                  guatay, 
                  imperial beach, 
                  jacumba, 
                  jamul, 
                  julian, 
                  la jolla, 
                  la mesa, 
                  lakeside, 
                  lemon grove, 
                  mount laguna, 
                  national city, 
                  oceanside, 
                  pala, 
                  palomar mountain, 
                  pauma valley, 
                  pine valley, 
                  potrero, 
                  poway, 
                  ramona, 
                  ranchita, 
                  rancho santa fe, 
                  san diego, 
                  san luis rey, 
                  san marcos, 
                  san ysidro, 
                  santa ysabel, 
                  santee, 
                  solana beach, 
                  spring valley, 
                  tecate, 
                  valley center, 
                  vista, 
                  warner springs,               















learn more
					

we're working hard to protect our customers.
safety is important so we have implemented measures to protect our employees and customers
				    
				








 models 































































pacific grande #14
bed: 4, bath: 2.5
sqr ft: 2455




    more details



























































pacific dream #13
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1408




    more details






































pacific mirage #11
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1053




    more details






































pacific sunrise #12
bed: 4, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1764




    more details
































park model e
bed: 1, bath: 1.0
sqr ft: 397




    more details






























































pacific harmony #1
bed: 2, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 720




    more details












































pacific ivy #7
bed: 4, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1600




    more details
































park model b
bed: 1, bath: 1.0
sqr ft: 397




    more details









































park model d
bed: 1, bath: 1.0
sqr ft: 397




    more details



































pacific cedar #5
bed: 2, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 960




    more details





























pacific opal #8
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1502




    more details



































park model c
bed: 1, bath: 1.0
sqr ft: 393




    more details
































pacific rose #4
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1493




    more details


























pacific olive #6
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1228




    more details


























pacific palm #2
bed: 2, bath: 1.0
sqr ft: 853




    more details






































pacific ruby #9 
bed: 3, bath: 2.0
sqr ft: 1173




    more details








testimonials



james and julie fjelstad
to everyone at pacific manufactured homes, 
        we love our new house! thank you to the whole team at pacific manufactured homes. we appreciate your professionalism and your answers to all ofour questions. also, the very timely manner our old house was moved out and the new one put in. the whole process was completed within 30 days. that is amazing to us. we were very pleased with the whole experience. our sales rep., cal allen was very knowledgeable and helped us to understand what was happening and when it would happen, every step ofthe way. he knew we were staying in a motel, waiting to move into our new house. he helped us through the waiting. during those 30 days, we worked with several people at pacific manufactured homes.
        they were all very professional and thorough. martha kerr sat down with us and helped make the order to build. she made sure it was exactly the way we wanted it. debbie constance did the paperwork process. peter coran
        was the project manager. he insured that the whole process ofremoving the old house and putting the new one in went smoothly and he made sure it was done right. then there is ryan mclenon, he met with us after we moved in
        to go over the warranties and to do a walk through inspection. there were only a few minor things that needed to be fixed. they were fixed immediately. again, we both appreciate all ofthe help from everyone at pacific manufactured homes. we will definitely recommend them to anyone that is looking to buy a manufactured home.
james and julie fjelstad
click to read more...

mary boleck
gentlemen, ladies,

i recently had some business transactions with your empoyee, tim feeney, and wish to commend him on his professionalism and enthusiasm. he is certainly an asset to pacific homes and those individuals with whom he is in contact on a daily basis. tim has a contagious sense of humor, is thorough, energetic, and goes all out to assist in whatever transactions need to be resolved. i would certainly recommend pacific homes.
mary boleck
click to read more...

catherine doughty
dear nancy and all the staff and crew at pacific manufactured home:

        my sincere compliments to all of you in your performance and since the acquisition of my beautiful new manufactured home. you took my dream and made it a reality. each step of construction and finishing was done with a professionalism rarely seen in today's world. each person i've dealt with has treated me with respect and care, even when my concerns were unwarranted and even silly. you really want me to be happy with my new home.
my house arrived with all the features i requested and much more. so many great details. i really love it and wonder why i didn't do this a long time ago. i especially like my pantry with room for all the small appliances which have been gathering dust packed away in my shed. this house is not only beautiful and convenient but also fun where i can try out new recipes with all my gadgets, do my writing in comfort, putter, entertain my family and friends, read and just enjoy life.
i speak very highly of you all to everyone who will listen and will
        continue to do so. thank you all.
catherine doughty

click to read more...

john and kathleen hoffman

        my wife and i want to express our sincere gratitude to you and your company for a wonderful home buying
        experience. we were in the market for a new manufactured home and decided to visit your sales facility in
        san marcos. 
 immediately we were greeted by lori jones, our assigned sales consultant. she showed us all the models at the sales facility and became our single point of contact through the entire home buying process. lori is
        very professional, answered all our questions and made us feel right at home at your facility. her
        professional sales manner and people skills are a credit to your organization. 
then we sat down with her to discuss our immediate new home needs. she is a great listener and helped us decide which home to purchase and explained various options in great detail. we were very impressed with her knowledge of all the options, and the entire sales process. she also suggested a great mobile home park in oceanside, where we are presently living. she took us around to various parks as well, to help us decide where we wanted to live.
peter corcoran - project manager - appreciated his help in getting new site ready on time
        martha kerr - business manager - appreciated her help with the business matters
        barbara gaylord, - transaction coordinator - appreciated her help with maldng the financial stuff flow
        smoothly and her help with the escrows
        ryan mcclellan - service manager - appreciated his heip with coordinating items needing immediate
        attention during and after the move in summary, your entire staff is outstanding and please let them know that. 
in closing, my wife and i would highly recommend to anyone in the market for a new manufactured home, to first consider buying from pacific manufactured homes. it's refreshing to deal with a company that really cares about the prospective new home buyer and makes sure that any issues are immediately addressed and taken care of.

sincerely,
 john and kathleen hoffman

click to read more...












 copyright © 2025 pacific manufactured homes-all rights reserved 
home | privacy | about us | contact us 












                            dynamic content powered by the retailer toolkit
                        










