
frontier: the userland kernel


     
















   
web cms, object database, scripting, tools, http server, windows & mac. 

















home userland manila open source site discussion forum user's guide support directory search







members





join now






login



















frontier: the userland kernel



			the userland frontier kernel is a powerful development platform including an integrated object database, scripting language, a script editor and debugger, outliner, a multi-threaded runtime and an integrated http server.  userland's kernel is the low-level technology behind the commercial products manila and radio userland -- time and market tested, world-class web content management systems. 


 









key frontier features


 


easy browser-based editing, design and site management with manila, a built-in web application that can manage thousands of sites on a single inexpensive server.
frontier's built-in scripting language allows easy customization of your sites, access to the object database. you can also run perl, tcl or python in the windows version, or applescript on the macintosh.
integrated http server with extensible architecture allows easy customization at every level. supports industry standards for internet-based distributed computing, xml-rpc and soap.
powerful search engine makes it easy and automatic for all your sites to be indexed in real-time by software running on your systems.
browser-based interface for server and manila site admininstration.
internet-based updating automatically delivers the latest features and fixes.
static rendering connects frontier to unix-based servers for performance and staging.
frontier comes with a built-in script editor-debugger for scripts, the object database and menus. 
frontier's built-in outliner is great for writing structured html code, xml, templates and stories.
the multi-threaded runtime allows background processes to run once a second, minute, hour or daily, or respond to incoming http requests, or com or apple event messages.
frontier's complete verb set allows scripts to move information from the file system, over tcp, launch and communicate with desktop applications via com or apple events. 


 

 











 the kernel's web engine was designed to solve the problem every large website has: how to separate form from content. it allows site designers and server administrators to stay out of each others' way, and keep complicated html out of the way of writers. site managers have all the tools they need to manage their site and its users, without having to bother a server administrator. and designers can easily change the template for a site: it just plugs in -- administrators and witers don't have to change a thing. what used to take a couple of weeks can now happens in minutes. 
with the userland kernel as their underpinning, manila and radio make the hard things easy - the way weblog publishing is supposed to be. the people who write and design the site will love you. they can focus on what they do best. the site managers job is easier and the site itself is more effective. with the tedious and repetitive work out of the way, everyone can be more productive and focus on what they do well. this has always been the goal of userland's enterprise and academic customers. 
screen shots 
	server managers easily administer the server and sites it hosts through the administrative website, using any web browser. you can view readouts of traffic, search engine logs, and server-software updates from anywhere in the world. you can also change just about any setting on the server, including remote management of multiple virtual domains.
	as a server manager, you're in full control of the sites hosted on your server, including content and syndication, integration with the built-in search engine, and site members and editors.
everything's connected 
	an object-oriented website framework flows content through templates, with macros, link management and a direct connection to the workgroup web server, and provides membership, preferences, storage, discussion groups, virtual domains, subscriptions, xml-based syndication and aggregation (rss and atom), a search engine, calendars, project management, logging, file uploads, and more -- for communities with tens of thousands of members.
	the userland kernel supports soap 1.1 and xml-rpc, com and applescript. it has the deepest support for xml of any web content management system.
purchase 
	you can purchase manila at the userland store.
questions? send email to customerservice@userland.com. 
thanks!


 





























 
  © copyright 1992-2025 userland software, 
  inc..
  last update: monday, march 19, 2007 at 7:49:42 pm pacific.
  email: webmaster@userland.com 



