







v-studio 취미생활 블로그 - 사진찍기|마사지받으러 다니기|여행지 추천 정보 블로그




























 


skip to content 



v-studio 취미생활 블로그

 




menu 
home
studio
game studio
blog
contact
about
privacy policy
 








vaskevich studios 
2024-01-29 by philip douglas 







welcome to vaskevich studios – an award-winning multimedia production company that has been recognized among the best in national and international competitions. we are a collaborative team of multi-faceted professionals who offer progressive, fully integrated media solutions utilizing innovative thinking as well as the latest advancements in technology.


vaskevich studios employs a highly effective project development approach to ensure your needs are met. by paying close attention to your strategic objectives, operational challenges, and projected outcomes, we can develop a specific formula that will help you to achieve your goals.
mission statement
our goal is to create professional video production, photography, and multimedia products that exceed industry standards and are cost-effective in the promotion of our customer message while maintaining an award-winning reputation.
we utilize the latest technology, proprietary production techniques, and carefully selected creative talent to insure that our products drive our client’s success to its highest potential. we help our customers by working with them every step of the way, treating each dollar as if it was our own.
we accomplish all of the above by working as a partner in our client’s mission for success and creating a comfortable and exciting collaborative working environment.
client testimonials
executive summary
on this page, you will find some comments sent to us by our customers.
we bring over 15 years of extensive multimedia experience to every single task we’re given. you can count on us!we look forward to having the opportunity to assist you with your photography, video production, cd/dvd duplication, or printing needs.
if you are our current customer and would like to submit your review and be featured on this page, please click here. we will place a link to your website if you provide us with one.
who we are
we are a small group of creative individuals who produce and implement progressive multimedia solutions.
what we do
from innovative commercial, glamour, fashion, and classic photography to full servicevideo production forbusinesses andconsumers.
what do some of our customers say?
“thank you for your dedication to your job. the production quality of the live events that were released as retail dvds, designs, business cards, etc., has helped the world fighting league progress a lot faster than we thought possible. i also personally thank you for your advice and objective input regarding our company’s web design and marketing materials. it is a pleasure dealing with your company and staff. vaskevich studio is an example of great customer service, quality, and support.”
sincerely,
zack teslerpresidentworld fighting league, llc.ashland, mawww.wfl.tv
“have you ever tried to coordinate a photo shoot from 3000 miles away? that’s what we did with vaskevich studios. and they have proved to be even better than their online portfolio had led us to believe.
the project flow was prompt and professional. the final images were exactly what we needed.
we are impressed by vaskevich studios’ services. we received outstanding quality and service, and all by email!”louise rousseaumarketing assistantspeedline solutions, inc.abbotsford, bcwww.speedlinesolutions.com
“vaskevich studios did a fantastic job on our business cards. slav came up with a great design that draws attention and his turnaround was excellent. i highly recommend him for any design and print work needed.”mike rodgersbusiness development manageret staffing inc.worcester, mawww.etstaffing.com
“we are very impressed with the service, communication, and turnaround times. we look forward to doing business with you again in the future. very professional company.”
jim nicholsvp materialsbuckingham manufacturing corp.binghamton, nywww.buckinghammfg.com
“all cd authoring and duplication orders we’ve had so far were high quality. great prices, and great service each time! we’ll keep ordering and recommend it to others!”
film & video production
moving images have become one of the essential types of mass communication, which allows targeting a specific audience by applying a specific format to the presented information.
combined with an entertainment value and supported by emotional elements such as creative editing, animation, sfx, music, and artistic voice talents, moving images make it possible to produce the desired impact on a viewer.
the latest digital 24p technology along with our in-house post-production color correction techniques, allows us to achieve the desired “look and feel” that many production formats require and significantly enhances final product quality.
we have the expertise to handle your project from planning to completion to distribution via various types of media, including tapes, cds, dvds, portable devices, tv networks, and the web.
vaskevich studios offers video production of the following:

live events
corporate
training
sports
medical
promotional
weddings (more info)
tv commercials
performing arts

see our commercial production demo reel here.
photography & design


anyone can take a snapshot. today’s affordable automatic film and digital cameras let you do that very easily.
however, a snapshot may not do well on the front of a magazine cover, a billboard, a product brochure, or a portrait.
why? because photography is a technical art, studied for centuries by scientists and artists, whose experience is passed through generations using education and artistic exploration. when it comes to getting results, there has to be an ideal balance of both – science and art. our knowledge and experience help us, help you to achieve your goals.
we specialize in the following studio and location photography (see portfolio):

portrait
glamour
advertising
real estate
architectural
product
medical
editorial
industrial
passport & visa

we do amazing virtual facelifts! if you think you don’t look good in pictures, try us!
the tools we employ are the most adapted formats of image capture, including traditional film and high-resolution digital equipment. each medium has its advantages, therefore should be used with a specific purpose.
for pricing, see our photo studio brochure. (if you have a popup blocker, hold the ctrl key and click on the link above.)
dvd / cd-rom / tape


dvd/cd/tape duplication: – call (508) 798-0723 for a quick quote!
we offer professional short-run dvd/cd/tape duplication services.quality is guaranteed. our duplication services feature the following:

competitive rates. guaranteed.
no minimum order requirements
48-hour turnaround on most types of orders
we use the best duplication equipment in the whole industry for reliable results
highest quality cd / dvd / tape media available on the market for perfect playback
full-color printing directly on the optical media & choice of packaging
free dvd master storage – never worry about losing your original
read our dvd & cd duplication news release here

dvd/cdrom authoring: – call (508) 798-0723 for a quick quote!
electronic publishing brings up an exciting opportunity for businesses and individuals to get noticed throughout the world. instant content delivery has never been easier.
dvd/cd-rom authoring lets you do just that – an effective package that consists of a user-friendly interface, wide compatibility with personal computers and set-top dvd players, reliable media playback, and no quality degradation over time.
vaskevich studios possesses the necessary technical knowledge and innovative methods to make your project happen. the design will be top notch and the user interface programming will be glitch-free. guaranteed.
vaskevich studios will give you the ability to:

present the information in an effective manner
give your dvd/cdrom presentation a menu-driven interface
include additional content and large volumes of text and other data
use it in the interactive and automated kiosks and electronic displays
distribute on a variety of removable and streaming media including butnot limited to cds, dvds, compact memory, web, digital broadcasts, emails, etc.
for format conversions and transfers go here.

interested in audio cd mastering? click here.


media conversion
dvd/cd/web transfer, conversion and encoding – (508) 798-0723
we offer complete in-house video conversion services. your original materials never leave our studio and the turnaround times are excellent!we use the best quality dvd and cd media and equipment on the market. what’s the difference you may ask? the consumer equipment and dvd media that are freely available to the public usually result in dvd copies that may seem to work ok at first, however, a few months or even weeks later the playback will deteriorate resulting in skips and freezes that will render your dvd copy unusable.
our expertise and equipment guarantee the results.
from:
• dvd • vhs • s-vhs • minidv • digital8 • hi8 • vhs-c
• svhs-c •videocd • super videocd • any digital video files
to:
     • dvd video     • mpeg-1/2/3/4     • windows media     • real media
• kinoma for handhelds • quicktime • divx • still images
we also digitize and encode audio and video content for delivery on virtually any digital storage media, powerpoint presentations, streaming web video, handheld devices, and electronic displays and kiosks.
international pal/ntsc/secam standards conversion – (508) 798-0723
from:
     • dvd    • vhs    • s-vhs    • vhs-c    • svhs-c   • videocd    • s-videocd      
to:
     • dvd video     • vhs     • svhs     • minidv     • hi8     • vhs-c   
• svhs-c • videocd • super videocd • digital video files
why convert your video to dvd format?
dvd video is now the standard format appreciated by professionals and consumers for its ability to preserve the quality of transferred material, provide long shell life, convenience of use, and low cost for the features it offers.
storing video and audio on a dvd is an excellent way to protect important information and memories from loss. with high-end analog and digital tape recording available nowadays, it is unreliable to keep the acquired content on a magnetic medium as it’s susceptible to deterioration from repeated playback and environmental factors such as dust, moisture, and temperature variations that eventually render the tape unusable.



categories vaskevich studios tags vaskevich studios 





kt studio genie, a story, and netflix’s secret to laughing “woo young-woo” 
2023-02-072022-08-02 by philip douglas 







“woo young-woo co-produced by studio genie and acesteri”ip is also co-owned…share future value-added revenue, such as secondary creations“protect ip by combining financial power of large companies and contents of small and medium-sized production companies.”
woo young-woo, a strange lawyer, is drawing attention as a new success model in the domestic media industry facing fierce competition for survival.
according to an industry on the 31st, woo young-woo has intellectual property rights (ip) jointly by kt studio genie and ace story. as a result, kt studio genie and ace story will distribute the profits created by woo young-woo’s ip in the future according to the terms of the contract.
due to the overwhelming influence of the global platform, korean production companies have only made limited profits despite their big box office success. netflix’s original drama, “squid game,” was sensationally popular around the world, but netflix took most of its income. because ip was on netflix. bloomberg evaluated that the economic benefits of squid games exceeded $900 million, but all south korea received was $24 million, including production costs and certain bonuses.
the structure in which ott companies pay 100% of production costs regardless of box office success and guarantee margin of 10 to 20 percent was also advantageous in that stable performance was possible regardless of box office success, but it was impossible to generate profits other than confirmed margins.
in this situation, there have been growing calls for production companies to secure ip through their own investments, but it is not easy for small and medium-sized production companies to fully cover production costs. in this situation, woo young-woo is an example of a large company’s capital-powered production companies jumping in and carrying the burden together to ease the burden.
kt studio genie, which was launched early last year, has no director, writer, or actor. instead, they plan works and invest in small and medium-sized production companies to produce together. kt studio genie plans to invest more than 500 billion won over the next three years to secure more than 30 dramas and produce more than 300 entertainment shows on its own. kevin 74, oz arena, and woo young-woo, who are the first works of kt’s studio genie original, joined hands with ace story.
the lack of recognition was filled by netflix. the industry believes that without netflix, it would have been difficult for woo young-woo to be recognized for his content competitiveness in such a short period of time.
woo young-woo’s domestic broadcasting rights are held by the cable broadcasting “ena” (formerly sky) operated by kt sky tv and kt’s ott platform “season,” respectively. ena is a new channel and the season will also stay in sixth place in ott in korea. in this situation, overseas broadcasting rights were sold to netflix, and woo young-woo quickly ranked fourth in the world in the netflix tv show program category and first in 20 countries. woo young-woo’s ratings, which were 0.9% on june 29 as viewers reversely flowed into ena through netflix, recorded 15.2% as of the 28th.
netflix, which desperately needed to secure killer content to prevent subscriber leakage, also performed well in the asia-pacific region, which is still highly likely to grow through woo young-woo.
lee hwan-wook, an analyst at ibk investment & securities, said in a report titled “the age of netflix,” “content producers are in a better environment than ever to secure basic physical strength through a profit model, and a virtuous cycle growth model that leads to securing ip.”


categories studio 





systemic cryotherapy 
2023-02-172022-08-01 by philip douglas 







only one in korea is owned by ‘full body cryotherapy’ and ‘white bear’ bear in korea
recently, a tv entertainment program showed a celebrity shivering inside a refrigerator-like machine. the device used by the celebrity is the only one called “crio artic” in korea.
cryotherapy , which has been famous in korea for several years, is a treatment that induces body self-healing ability by intentionally lowering body temperature under -110 degrees celsius, and is favored by many celebrities and sports stars for the purpose of relieving pain, restoring and strengthening joint muscles.
in addition, it is excellent in reducing stress and anxiety and improving metabolic rate by relieving insomnia symptoms, relieving the immune system, and improving blood circulation, and reducing cellulite and calories.
usually, general machines owned by most cryotherapy 안마 shops expose the head to the outside and cool from the lower neck, but cryoartic can lower body temperature to optimal temperatures and experience the effects of the entire body from head to toe by cooling the entire body.
currently, the only full-body cryotherapy “cryo artic” in korea is owned by the white bear cryo therapy shop located in apgujeong rodeo.


categories blog tags cryotherapy 





development of vr contents for the royal tomb of joseon at dexter studio 
2023-02-172022-06-24 by philip douglas 



use the unreal engine to design the overall interaction element


op사이트 공식 주소
dexter studio announced on the 20th that it has produced virtual reality (vr) contents based on the royal tombs of joseon. it is a content that freely explores the inside of the royal tomb, which is not open to general visitors. dexter studio designed the entire interaction element using the unreal engine. “we have not only optimized 3d (sd) data, but also implemented functions, 3d object assets, and ui design,” an official said. “we can enjoy new historical culture.”
the contents are divided into ‘royal tomb space’ and ‘events’. in the former, different seasons were implemented in seolneung (spring), yongneung (summer), sungneung (autumn), and mokneung (winter). sungneung, which uses drones, also causes the illusion of flying. the latter is a game that experiences historical events, rituals, and rituals. he becomes a ritual official and a royal tomb manager to explore the tomb. you can experience it at taereung, joseon royal tomb exhibition hall, and donggureung history and culture hall.


categories uncategorized 





gameberry studio ‘grandenka’ cumulative downloads over 500,000 times 
2023-02-172022-06-24 by philip douglas 







“grandjenka” is steadily.
gameberry studio (ceo kim sung-hyun) announced that its neglected game “grandenka” surpassed 500,000 cumulative downloads within six months of its launch.
grandenka is a retro-inspired neglected role-playing game (rpg) that can grow robots according to user style, and it ranked first in the overall ranking of app store games in korea at the same time as it was released in december last year.
in addition, it has been steadily loved by users since its launch, recording no. 1 in google play store’s new simulation, no. 6 in overall popularity, and no. 5 in japanese 안마야 주소 app store games.
gameberry studio has recently expanded its contents and introduced new fun elements to repay the response of granzenca users through its latest update. ▲shinhwa gangrim gate and boss content ▲ new battle due to ragnarok content ▲ shinhwa war (shinju upeiter) ranking content ▲ expansion of existing content has been expanded.
in addition, it provides users with various opportunities to obtain compensation depending on the ranking, including compensation for unopened parts (griffin, pygmalion, stigma) and compensation (compensation through the number of openings).
in addition, starting from the 16th to july 15th, a surprise event is being held to provide three golden keys (shinhwa kangrim entrance keys) and 20,000 refined cores if you enter the code “ragnarok” in the coupon application window in the granzenca game.
kim sung-hyun, ceo of gameberry studio, said, “we are looking for ways to continuously provide fun to grandenka users by applying various contents and compensation systems,” adding, “we will continue to provide large and small events so that users can play happily.”
meanwhile, granzenca can be downloaded from google play and the apple app store, and detailed descriptions of the game can be found at the granzenca cafe.


categories game studio 





seo hye-jin sets up crea studio after leaving tv chosun 
2023-02-072022-06-23 by philip douglas 







seo hye-jin, head of tv chosun production division, who created “miss trot” and “mister trot,” will stand alone.
it has been confirmed that seo hye-jin, who resigned from tv chosun, established a crea studio and started producing audition and professional content. seo hye-jin, who established an independent studio, plans to meet viewers with various contents such as audition and reality programs on various platforms.
earlier, seo hye-jin, head of the headquarters, prepared for an independent studio once, but decided to remain in tv chosun. in the end, by deciding to stand alone this time, he will show his own abilities without organizational restrictions.
director seo hye-jin joined sbs as a producer in 1997 and directed “amazing competition stockings,” “same dream,” and “same dream 2.” since then, he has moved to tv chosun to produce “miss trot tomorrow,” “mr trot tomorrow,” “taste of wife,” and “taste of love,” leading the golden age of tv chosun entertainment programs.
seo hye-jin’s replacement is said to be kim sang-bae, a producer. he is also from sbs and will go to work in tv chosun from the 27th.
resource



categories studio 





big game studio 
2022-08-04 by philip douglas 







big game studio closes funding round worth 35 billion won
big game studio announced on the 27th that it has closed a funding round worth about 35 billion won with the lead of garena, a global game developer and publisher.
big game studio is a game developer established in october 2020 by a core human resource who produced the seven deadly sins: grand cross of mobile rpg. the developer is promoting a number of projects such as ‘black clover mobile (tentative name)’ and ‘project b’.
choi jae-young, ceo of big game studio, said, “this investment will be an opportunity to prove the ability of big game studio by developing creative and original game titles that will further strengthen the faith of business partners and resonate with global gamers.”
in addition, he added, “as games are one of the most effective mediators that connect people, we will focus on providing a game experience that gamers can fully enjoy and immerse themselves in in the future.”
biggame studio recruiting participants for black clover mobile focus group test
big game studio announced on the 12th that it will recruit participants for the focus group test of mobile collection rpg black clover mobile (tentative name).
the test plans to select the subjects through a lottery by receiving applications from the official cafe for participants in the closed group test.
black clover mobile is a collective rpg genre that collects and fosters various characters, and it is a game with elements that allow you to enjoy fantasy worldviews such as beautiful illustrations and playable characters, cute sd characters, grimore (magic) and magicians.
big game studio is a company founded by ceo choi jae-young in october 2020, and has made an announcement in the mobile game market with the goal of creating a touching game beyond fun games.


categories game studio 





casper studios 
2022-08-03 by philip douglas 







“casper studio seongsu” renewal opens
casper studio seongsu is a pop-up store-type exhibition space designed to allow customers to experience casper, which has created a new boom in the domestic entry suv market, and will run for about a month from the 30th to the 28th of next month.
hyundai motor will join hands with korea’s leading street editing shop “cashina” to showcase specially produced show cars, customizing accessories, limited edition goods, and various customer experience events under the theme of play casper, play streets in the city.
in addition, it will create a pop-up store exhibition space and works with famous korean artists such as jo dae, lee hae-gang, old shoess, and mawz to show off the charm of the entry suv casper, which is both practical and trendy.
in particular, “cashina,” which will be collaborating this time, has established itself as a leading brand in korean street culture, starting with a skateboard store in haeundae, busan in 1997, and introducing a method of selling sneakers by lottery for the first time.
hyundai motor, which launched casper in september last year and introduced the first online purchase method of a domestic car brand, plans to convey the value of the two brands that constantly try to be new to customers and provide sophisticated sensibility and differentiated content through the renewal.
the two specially produced shokas are represented by a rally across the city center, and the seongsu edition, which expresses the freedom and diversity of seongsu, is displayed at the casper studio seongsu, while the busan motor show commemorative edition, which contains the local identity of casina, emphasized the collaboration of the two brands.
customers can meet the customized accessories production service “hyundai by me,” which was launched in late june, and buy limited edition tennis motif goods that are popular among the mz generation, including warm-up tops, shorts, hats, headbands, wrist guards, and chubs, which are created by adding casper’s iconographic image and casina’s sensibility.
you can also enjoy various participatory activities such as sns certification shot events, casper grill badges, thermal transfer t-shirts, bandana customization, and tattoo experiences.
an official from hyundai motor said, “i wanted to show you the joy i could feel in my own lifestyle with casina’s street mood,” adding, “i hope many customers will enjoy a rich and unique car life with casper.”


categories studio 





first class therapy holds discount promotion to commemorate opening 
2024-01-172022-08-01 by philip douglas 







healing massage shop “first class therapy” announced that it will hold a discount promotion to commemorate its opening.
“first class therapy” is a massage shop located in apgujeong that provides swedish and deep tissue therapy services. the company will hold a discount promotion to commemorate the opening with gratitude to customers. programs with discounts are business class a and first class b courses.
business class a discounts from 100,000 won to 90,000 won. you can choose between swedish/emotional deep tissue, and the near-infrared sauna and full-body aromatherapy will be held in a 60-minute course (a total of 80 minutes). first class b is discounted from 150,000 won to 130,000 won, and the options and course contents are the same.
in addition, the couple care courses a and b (business class) run 110 minutes and 130 minutes, respectively. it is based on near-infrared sauna and full-body aromatherapy, and can be selected between sauna/spa. all management is one-on-one care by a professional korean manager with a body shape management and aroma therapy license, and you can expect a clean and refreshing finish without slipping in the shower using the finest natural water-soluble aroma oil.
an official from first classification said, “sauna rooms are thoroughly managed by quarantine and management every time they are used,” adding, “many people seem to be aware of these efforts and visit us from the beginning of the opening.” i hope many people will enjoy the event with gratitude.”


categories blog tags first class therapy 





king anma (kinganma.info) 
2024-01-172022-07-31 by philip douglas 







hand therapy ‘king anma (kinganma.info)’ apgujeong, grand open
king anma (kinganma.info) announced on the 14th that it recently opened its apgujeong branch.
king anma (kinganma.info) is a premium hand therapy brand launched by foot & body franchise the foot shop.
the brand’s core technology is hand frequency therapy. it is a management technology that introduces a bio-current having a waveform similar to that of a bio-current through a manager’s hand.
it is possible to directly check the effect by measuring the in-body before and after care, drawing positive responses from customers. intensive management is possible according to the parts that customers want. it has the advantage of no discomfort and pain felt by the skin using microcurrent.
there are four main management programs of king anma (kinganma.info): king anma (kinganma.info), aroma, face care, and special wedding care. special wedding care is a systematic program for bride-to-be and groom-to-be who are about to get married. it includes not only skin but also overall care such as body care and body shape correction.
“it is located in a place with good accessibility, and you can experience body shape correction and lifting effects through current therapy,” a king anma (kinganma.info) official said
inquiries about the peak of king anma (kinganma.info) apgujeong can be consulted through the kakao talk channel.


categories blog 











aboutcontactintroduction to gangnam-gu hak-dong dao massage (학동 다오안마)privacy policyserene indulgence at ingye-dong: the thai oasis of watpo in suwon ingye-dong 






home
about
contact
 

					© vstudios.us 				








