



































vision therapy - optometrists.org












































find an eye doctor










				search near me
			























vision therapy
children's vision
primary eye care
about
join
search


























home > vision therapy






vision therapy












are your child’s school grades not a true reflection of their potential?
does your child have a learning difficulty, attention issues or lazy eye?
could your child's reading or school grades be improved?
could your child have 20/20 sight and still have a problem with their visual skills?

































guide to vision therapy
vision therapy is an evidence-based program to treat visual problems including lazy eye, eye turns and binocular vision problems. vision therapy is a customized and personalized treatment program provided by optometrists with post-graduate training and years of experience....
learn more





guide to vision therapy for adults
vision therapy can be more effective for adult patients, as they are typically more motivated in therapy.
vision therapy can alleviate eyestrain and headaches caused by long hours at the office, this leads to improved workplace production and less stress....
learn more





guide to vision and learning difficulties
approximately 80 percent of all learning comes through the eyes and visual pathways. any interference in the visual pathways can inhibit a child from performing to their maximum potential.
according to the american optometric association (aoa) 25 percent of all children (1 in 4 students) have a vision problem significant enough to impact their learning....
learn more





vision therapy for children
are your child’s school grades not a true reflection of their potential? has your child been told they have a learning or attention difficulties? 
the problem could be with their eyes or visual skills and vision therapy might the solution you have been looking for....
learn more





vision therapy for adhd
has your child been diagnosed with adhd? many visual problems can be misdiagnosed as adhd as children with adhd are 3x more likely to have an undiagnosed vision problem. vision problems can often be corrected with a customized program of vision therapy, avoiding or reducing the need for medications....
learn more





vision therapy for lazy eye
lazy eye is a common vision problem, affecting up to 1 in 20 (5%) of all children. has your child been treated for lazy eye, yet the vision remains poor? lazy eye can be successfully treated for both children and adults, with new digital  techniques using computer-based 3d games. ...
learn more





neuro-optometry
have you suffered a traumatic brain injury (tbi) or concussion and still experiencing vision problems? tbis can cause double vision, blurriness, headaches and eye strain, these can be successfully treated with a personalized vision therapy program....
learn more























our most viewed vision therapy articles




2021 update: reading fluency





boys, adhd and brain injuries





3d vision is more important than you think





the power of visualization





vision therapy for adults





vision therapy for blurred vision: success stories





how to protect yourself from a brain injury





vision therapy for dizziness: success stories














 






about us
your plain english library for vision therapy, children's vision, neuro-optometry, and primary eye care.

about us
sitemap
contact us



vision therapy

guide to vision therapy
for adults
for children
for adhd
for learning difficulties
for lazy eye
neuro-optometry



children’s vision

vision for school
vision for special needs
visual development
pediatric eye conditions
children’s eye exams
eye turns



primary eye care

eye health
binocular visual dysfunction
low vision
myopia management
eye conditions
sports vision 
eye exams
optical and contacts




looking for an eye doctor?
find an eye doctor

have an optometry practice?
join the network


© 1996-2023 optometrists network - powered by eyecarepro - 70 north meadow crescent, thornhill on l4j 3b1, canada





find an eye doctor












