





urdu poetry archive - ghazals, nazms, urdu poetry related articles, mailing lists, and more!





urdu poetry archive


  
search       site web   search tips
 home  index of poets  index of poems  what's new  about this site  contact info     ghazal singers  index of singers  index of songs  index of albums     unwaan  index of topics     mailing lists  ashaar  lafz  mehfil-e-gazal     resources  article archive  biographies  discussion forum  events  humourous poetry  novice nook     links  audio sites  bookstores  dictionaries  discussion forums  music stores  urdu poetry sites      

 wo aaye ghar men hamaare khudaa kii qudrat hai  kabhi ham un ko kabhii apane ghar ko dekhate hain  
welcome to the urdu poetry archive! urdu poetry is like a vast ocean. walking along its shores on the sands of time, i have gathered a few gems that i would like to share with you.
the ghazals and nazms in the urdu poetry archive have been indexed alphabetically as well as by poet. as of 31st december, 2005 there are 1826 ghazals and nazms by 343 poets in the archive. the index of singers has been revamped and is now available under ghazal singers. this is a relatively new section and covers only a few singers at the moment.
the ghazals and nazms are written in transliterated urdu (urdu written in the english script). i recommend that you spend a few minutes getting to know the transliteration scheme that i use. this will make it easier for you to find and read the ghazals and nazms in romanized urdu. these search tips may also prove helpful in finding what you are looking for.
  




featured poets



enjoy mirza ghalib's poetry at andaaz-e-bayaan aur
  mirza ghalib
 hain aur bhii duniyaa men sukhan_war bahot achchhe  kahate hain ki "ghalib" kaa hai andaaz-e-bayaan aur 



read and listen to sahir ludhianvi's lyrics at sahir ki yaad men
  sahir ludhianvi
 main har ek pal kaa shaayar hoon...




 










  guldastaa 


  jigar moradabadi   







  lafz 


  tasleem   







  mehfil-e-ghazal 


  pizada qasim   







  unwaan 


 daar-o-rasan  



 




 maintained by nita awatramani  url: http://www.urdupoetry.com  last updated on: 16th june, 2016 




