






john wesley – guitarist, singer, songwriter, vertical horizon’s touring guitar player





































 


























 skip to main content skip to footerjohn wesleyhome
patreon
tour
about
music
shop
videos

main contentemailfacebookinstagramtwitteryoutube

watch the journeyman guitarist | join the patreon comunity

latest videos









pro guitarist explains the silent stage




 











pro's pedalboard can do everything?!?!




 











deep lessons on how to sing live!




 











the real life of a touring rock guitarist




 











bathroom life hack from a pro touring guitarist #airport #bathroom #lifehack




 











anyone can sing -- a pro #guitarist approach to vocals




 











the most epic guitar tone??? #guitar #lespaul #guitarist




 











guitar stories - how this gibson les paul guitar changed my life -- the blackest eyes guitar




 











how a pro #guitarist travels with two custom @prsguitars in his enki case




 




 


load more...




 
                subscribe            





listen
 
spotify
pandora   apple music
youtube music iheart radio
		 

john wesley has built a long and varied career as a songwriter, “sideman” guitarist, and recording artist.
his music has been called lyrically sensitive and musically dynamic. his songwriting style incorporates emotionally-charged vocals that evoke the honesty and intimacy of roger waters and patty griffin coupled with a melodic yet intricate guitar style reminiscent of david gilmour, alex lifeson, jeff beck, and warren haynes.
wesley’s guitar-driven acoustic and electric songs represent the cultivation of many inspirations — alternative, progressive, art, and classic rock genres intertwined with poignant lyrics drawn from the poetry of the common man. what really appeals to wesley's fans worldwide is a spark of sincerity and sensitivity so oft absent in today's mainstream music.



			gear
		









subscribe
sign up to be the first to hear about new music and projects
footeremailfacebookinstagramtwitteryoutube
copyright 2024. all rights reserved.



















