







home - command


















 




































 














        close    


searchsearchrecent postshello world!
recent commentsno comments to show. 






 







capabilities
history
careers
contact
shop
 

 

capabilities
history
careers
contact
shop
 





 




building pieces into products. unifying peopleinto a community.55 years of command. 



we’re here for all of your molding,lighting, and electronic needs. 






get a quote























 



molding 



working with a range of materials, you can be confident that we will deliver the molded parts your application needs. 






get a molding quote









 



lighting 



offering prompt quotes and timely delivery, command is your source for a range of high-quality lighting products. 






get a lighting quote









 



electronics 



our customer-focused approach ensures quick turnaround on critical, customized electronic components. 






get a electronics quote

















third generation, family owned and operated since 1969 







 







founded by joe campagna in 1969, command electronics originally produced cb radios. after relocating to michigan in 1972, we began serving conversion van businesses by providing wire harnesses, clocks, and woodworking. in 1980, we added lighting to our lines. then, in 1983, built our first building in schoolcraft. 







in 1999, cary campagna took over as command’s president. shortly after, we built our second building in schoolcraft.  since 2014, command has been operated by chris and beth campagna and has expanded into both manufacturing and distribution of a wide range of parts, products, and wire harnesses. 

















 











careers 



if you’re interested in pursuing a rewarding career with the team at command, we encourage you to browse our available positions. 






search job listings












 





contact form 











								name							




								phone							




								email							




								how did you hear about us?							


 

referral
word of mouth
google search
print advertising
other





								which department would you like to contact?							


 

parts & service
sales/request a quote
human resources & careers





								message							
 




 



send












back to top
 







 





15670 morris industrial dr, schoolcraft, mi 49087 



 





need help? please call us at (269) 679-4011 













copyright command electronics 



terms of services |  privacy  |  policy sitemap 



© 2024 all rights reserved | website design by kzoom 


























