









american roads and global highways













































featured articles
 
fly 
				  safe
story and photos by kathleen wallspublished 
				  1-1-2025



the start of 2025 is the perfect time 
				to offer some airport travel tips to keep you safe and make your 
				trip more comfortable. i've been a travel writer for many years 
				and have learned a few ways to make the "getting there" part as 
				pleasant as possible when you are flying. i usually check 
				reviews on trip advisor when deciding where i want to visit. 
				since reviews are by people who have visited that place, they 
				are usually reliable. of course, always check your favorite 
				  travel writers (hope i am one of those) for good information.

				  eulogy for jimmy carter
story and photosby kathleen walls
				  published 12-30-2024

yesterday the world lost a hero. jimmy 
				carter was born in plains on october 1, 1924 at wise sanitarium, 
				now called the lillian g. carter nursing center for his mother, 
				who worked there as a registered nurse. unlike many presidents, 
				his family wasn't rich. both parents worked. 
i'm happy that my last trip of 2024 was to 
				his hometown of plains, georgia, where everybody in town is 
				related to or knew him personally. earlier, i visited the
				jimmy 
				carter presidential library and museum in atlanta. both 
				places tell the story of a great man differently.
				the presidential library has a copy of his oval office and many 
				other achivements as president. 
 

visit pennsylvania's endless 
				mountains and grand canyon
story and photos by 
				  kathleen wallspublished 12-18-2024



pennsylvania has some unusual options for a road trip. the 
				endless mountains have their own grand canyon. plan a trip with 
				a variety of adventures ranging from a stagecoach ride through 
				history along a trail at the base of the canyon, to seeing the 
				stars at a dark skies park. stepping towards the history, you 
				can visit a family winery with a historic home or tour french 
				azilum, where marie antoinette was supposed to take refuge. for 
				adventure, take a ride to the top of a mountain on an atv. there 
				is something here for everyone. 

small town americus 
				  celebrates christmas in a big way
story and photos by kathleen wallspublished 
				  12-1-2024

it's 
				  great to find a small town that celebrates an old-fashioned 
				  christmas with a flair but without the crowds and traffic. i 
				  visited americus, georgia for the start of their christmas 
				  season and loved it.
i stayed at the historic windsor hotel, and it 
				  got me into the christmas spirit with its cheerful 
				  decorations. built in 1892 and a magnificent combination of 
				  victorian architecture, it was decorated as it might have been 
				  in its early days. a christmas tree adorned with lots of white 
				  lights, silvery ornaments and streaming white ribbons and 
				  white flowers reached up past the second-floor balcony. 
				  garlands with white flowers and white lights were hung from 
				  the balcony rails. the lobby is three stories high, so guests 
				  have a magnificent view from the open balconies around four 
				  sides. the fireplace in the lobby is decorated with a similar 
				  garland and toy soldiers dressed in red and green guard the 
				  180-year-old mirror on the back wall.

				  americus' amazing architecture
story and photos by kathleen wallspublished 
				  11-29-2024
 


if 
				  walls could talk, the building in americus, georgia would have 
				  some fascinating tales to tell. americus has a vast variety of 
				  architectural styles, mainly victorian in nature. oh, the 
				  history they have seen!
one of my favorites there is the windsor hotel. the 
				  five-story, red brick, victorian structure complete with 
				  towers, balconies, and a three-story open atrium lobby was 
				  originally designed to have 100 rooms. it is a combination of 
				  several styles blended to create an unforgettable building. 
				  the tower is romanesque, and the stepped roof is flemish. 

a 
				  different kind of president
story by kathleen walls
				  published 11-11-2024

the 
				  2024 election is over. once 
						before we had a president who 
						was involved in real estate. this one didn't build using 
						other people's money for his own profit. this one build, 
						with his own hands, homes for people who would not have 
						a home of their own otherwise. jimmy carter was a 
						different kind of president and a different kind of 
						person than the average politician. when i visited 
						the jimmy carter presidential library and museum in 
						atlanta. it brought back nostalgia for those times.

three 
					fantastic bed and breakfasts in the olde english district of 
					south carolina 

					story and photosby kathleen wallspublished 11-1-2024


when you're visiting the olde 
					english district of south carolina, it's like stepping back 
					in time. i kept that good old time feeling when i visited by 
					staying at a trio of bed and breakfasts instead of a chain 
					hotel. while i loved each of these family-owned inns, each 
					had one unique feature that made them the best of the best 
					in my book.

					 

visiting susan b. anthony and frederick douglass in 
						rochester, ny

				  story and photos by kathleen 
						wallspublished 10-6-2024

				   


rochester is rightly proud of two of its most famous 
						citizens. susan b. anthony and frederick douglass both 
						fought for freedom and equal rights. in their time, it 
						was unusual for a white woman and black man to be good 
						friends. but since they were both fighting for the same 
						thing -- equal rights for all people -- it makes sense.



mill bluff 
					state park – mesas and buttes in the midwest

				  story  by tom strakaphotos by pat strakapublished 
				  10-2-2024



many wonderful historical and 
					natural sites are hidden along major highways.  


					mill bluff state park in 
					central wisconsin is one of them. it is a spectacular 
					landscape, typical more of the american west, with vistas of 
					mesas, buttes, and pinnacles. 
					it isn't really that hidden, as interstates 90/94 on 
					the route between chicago and minneapolis, pass right 
					through it near camp douglas, just before splitting up. the 
					interstate only provides a glimpse; the vistas are worthy of 
					a stop and considerable climb for a breathtaking view.  
				   

south carolina's oldest 
					and onliest bridges

				  story and photosby tom strakapublished 8-19-2024


i have recently highlighted 
					some attractions along south carolina's cherokee foothills 
					scenic highway (s.c. highway 11) in this ezine, a way to 
					avoid most of interstate 85 while travelling between 
					charlotte and atlanta. there are two attractions on that 
					route, which do not have any formal organization sponsoring 
					them, but have the appeal of being located in beautiful 
					natural settings, with enough history to be included in the 
					national register of historic places. they are south 
					carolina's oldest bridge and its last remaining covered 
					bridge. by coincidence, they are only seven miles apart as 
					the crow flies, or 14 miles by road. both are very close to 
					the foothills highway, presenting a great opportunity to 
					visit a couple of really charming bridges. both are located 
					east of the intersection of the foothills highway and u.s. 
					highway 25.    

drink up!

				  kathleen wallspublished 7-31-2024


distilleries, wineries and breweries in 
					the carolinas are great spots to visit on your next road 
					trip. they have some very unique ones. here are a few 
					of my favorites.





some history in south carolina's northeast corner

				  story and photos by tom strakapublished 7-27-2024


a 
				  few south carolina counties have a little bit of the blue 
				  ridge mountains, jutting against north carolina. the extreme 
				  northeastern one is oconee county and that jut gives it an 
				  excellent flavor of appalachian culture. it is an interesting 
				  county, bisected by the cherokee foothills scenic highway (sc 
				  highway 11), with the area north of the highway being 
				  distinctively flavored. the foothills highway is a panoramic 
				  way to get off interstate 85 with light traffic and connecting 
				  back to the interstate at both ends of the state. there are 
				  numerous short excursions to sample oconee county; a couple 
				  have been noted in this story:
					oconee station, part of the state's frontier history, 
					and a
					road trip to an unfinished railroad tunnel near the 
					river used to film the movie deliverance. the
					oconee 
					history museum offers additional insights into the 
					area's fascinating history. the museum has two locations, 
					the main museum and a general store museum nearby, plus 
					additional museums almost adjacent centered on native 
					american and military history, together providing the 
					perfect places for a side trip off of the foothills highway. 


congaree national park: an under rated treasure

						kathleen walls7-26-2024


south carolina has an under-appreciated 
					treasure in its heartlands. congaree national park in the 
					midlands, just about 18 miles from columbia, is south 
					carolina's only national park. it's the largest preserved 
					section of old growth bottomland hardwood forest in the 
					southeastern united states providing a unique ecosystem that 
					supports native wildlife, including bobcats, deer, 
					armadillos, turkeys, alligators, snakes, feral hogs, and 
					over 2000 bird species, one of the largest number in the 
					country, and ancient trees. there is a small museum in the 
					visitor's center telling the history and wildlife found 
					there. the park offers over 25 miles of hiking trails and 
					2.5 miles of boardwalks. there's a canoe trail where you can 
					bring your own kayak or canoe and paddle or rent one. it 
					also allows primitive camping. sadly, it's the 
					third-least-visited park east of the mississippi.

midwestern lodging of a 
					different era

						kathleen walls7-5-2024


there are many hotels that reflect 
					a certain period of american life in the mid-west. here are 
					four of my favorites. i'll bet you would love them too.

				     

if you build it, they will come

kathleen wallspublished 7-1-2024


in 
				  1933, president franklin roosevelt faced with the worst 
				  depression in american history needed to kick start the 
				  economy. part of his new deal was an organization designed to 
				  employ young men. he called it the civilian conservation corps 
				  (ccc) and it did much more than give millions of young men 
				  jobs on environmental projects. as travelers, we owe a lot to 
				  an organization that has been somewhat forgotten over the 
				  years. the ccc earned the nickname, 
					'roosevelt's tree army.' 
					these parks continue to provide a natural attraction and 
					much of the buildings these young men built are still in use 
					at parks across the country today. 



atlas ad astra missile silo: 
						the stuff of science fiction

				   kathleen walls6-18-2024


i remember back in school during the 
					cold war years we were told, “get under your desk when a 
					nuclear air raid sounds.” yeah, that really would have 
					protected us from a nuclear bomb! there were science fiction 
					books and rumors of underground nuclear missile silos built 
					to retaliate if russia fired a missile at the us. later 
					years proved the rumors were true. missile silos were built 
					mostly in western states like kansas. when the atlas 
					missiles became obsolete, the government decommissioned the 
					missile bases, removed the obsolete missile, and sold the 
					property. one in 
				   wilson, kansas was bought by matthew 
					fulkerson. 





d day

kathleen walls6-4-2024


it was on june 6, 1944, on the beaches of 
				normandy that the event occurred that foreshadowed the end of ww ll 
				and of hitler's reign of terror. operation 
				overlord, the allies code name for the invasion of france. it 
				began on the storm torn beaches of normandy and ended at the 
				arch de triumph with the liberation of paris. over my years 
				travel writing, i've visited many places commemorating the day 
				know to the world as d-day. it is something that needs to be 
				taught in every school and never forgotten.

discover 
				   jonathan dickinson state park

kathleen walls6-1-2024


jonathan 
				   dickinson state park on the loxahatchee river is the largest 
				   state park in southeast florida. it's the perfect place to 
				   visit any time of the year. it's in martin county, florida, 
				   which offers you wonderful places to explore while camping at 
				   jonathan dickinson park. one of my visits here was on a 
				   comped press trip, but my opinions are my own.

jazz, bbq, and 
				   fountains: kansas city

				   kathleen wallsupdated 5-26-2024


it's been awhile since i first visited 
				   kansas city but my latest 
		visit shows it still offers a visitor a hot time in a cool city, kansas city has it all: hot jazz, spicy barbecue and
        tons of sparkling fountains. it's a blend of 
		kansas and
		missouri's best 
		and a city (make that cities) everyone will enjoy.


elmwood cemetery: a microcosm of 
				 memphis history

				   kathleen walls
				   published 5-13-2024


often a historic cemetery reflects that 
				 city's history. that is the case with beautiful elmwood 
				 cemetery in 
				   memphis. elmwood was founded in 1852. elmwood's 
				 executive director kim beaden and amanda zorn, 
				 historian/visitor services & volunteer coordinator, showed me 
				 around the cemetery. it has the feel of a garden with beautiful 
				 southern magnolia, poplar tulip, and giant water oak trees. 
				 elmwood is divided into sections including the masonic section, 
				 the confederate rest section, the yellow fever section, african 
				 american section, and others. many of the tombstone sculptures 
				 resemble a museum. 


only in little rock

				   kathleen walls
				   published 5-3-2024


you may think of 
				   little rock as just the 
				 capital of arkansas, but did you know it has many unusual 
				 attractions worth a trip. little rock has attractions that are 
				 the biggest, oldest, first, or only one of a kind ranging from 
				 history to nature and culture. here are a few things you will 
				 find only in little rock.




post trip fun in 
				   murfreesboro and hot springs

				   story and photos 
				   by kathleen walls 
				   published 4-30-2024



this 
				   year i was fortunate enough to be invited to the southeast 
				   tourism society showcase in little rock. as those of you who 
				   follow my trips know, that usually includes a post trip. this 
				   year it was a delightful deep dive into newer territory for 
				   me. we visited murfreesboro and 
				   hot springs. it was an 
				   interesting trip as i learned so much i had not known before, 
				   ranging from pre-historic colonies, digging for diamonds, to 
				   conflicts with the law. one of the most fun places we visited 
				   was the gangster museum in hot springs. we visited crater of 
				   diamonds state park, where we dug for diamonds. had we found 
				   any, we could have kept them. perfectly legal. unfortunately, 
				   i didn't find any diamonds but got a deeper insight into 
				   legal situations in a short run-in with a barney fife 
				   wannabe. 


take a pink jeep trip into 
				   history

				   story and photos
				   by kathleen walls
				   published 3-6-2024

great 
				   smoky mountain national park is a place you could spend days 
				   or even weeks exploring. it is america's most visited 
				   national park.
				 cades cove is one of the most popular places in the park, but 
				   there is another lesser-known section where history still 
				   lives.
				   
				   pink jeep tours takes you there.


onslow county, nc from fishing 
				 village to travel mecca


				   story and photos 
				   by kathleen walls
				   published 1-21-2024



for the first half of the 20th 
				 century onslow county was a quiet fishing village. it also 
				 produced naval stores, lumber, and tobacco crops as its main 
				 source of income. then in 1941, onslow county and the entire 
				 world changed. wwii brought marine barracks camp lejeune to 
				 jacksonville, onslow's main city. today, tourism plays a major 
				 role in the area. it has varied attractions and world-class 
				 dining you won't find anywhere else.




history museums in greenville, south 
				 carolina

				   story and photos 
				   by tom straka
				   published 12-26-2023


some cities are full of museums. for a 
				 history buff like me, it is fortunate cities often put a 
				 priority on preserving local history, making history museums 
				 fairly common. 
				   greenville, south carolina has an unusual 
				 assortment of
				 museums, 
				 including two military history museums, a creative arts center, 
				 museum of art, children's museum, music museum, and even a 
				 shoeless joe jackson museum and baseball library. one of the
				 art museum 
				 collections in the city is said to be the second largest
				 collection of religious art in the world (second to the 
				   vatican). most of these museums are walking distance from one 
				   another, so greenville offers a great opportunity for 
				   museum-lovers. 

st. johns botanical garden and nature 
				 preserve

				   story and photos 
				   by kathleen walls
				   published 12-16-2023


as a long-time florida resident, i am 
				 familiar with palm trees but until i visited st. johns 
				 botanical garden and nature preserve (sjbgnp), i had no idea 
				 there were so many variants. dr. john rossi, founder and 
				 resident biologist led our small group on a tour of the garden. 
				 the garden is 
				   st. johns county's newest attraction. it focuses 
				 on an important, but often neglected side of the county, the 
				 natural side. 



music a la cajun in 
				   lafayette

															story and photos 
				   by kathleen walls
				   published 12-10-2023


lafayette 
				   parish in louisiana is alive with music. it's a part of their 
				   culture.  in the 
				   1760s, thousands of arcadians driven out of canada because of 
				   their religion were welcomed in catholic spanish owned 
				   louisiana. they brought their music with them. however, in 
				   the new environment, it modified to create a totally 
				   different music from french canadian. ranger jodie at the 
				   acardian cultural center in lafayette explained, 'the main 
				   instrument in cajun music is the german accordion. and then 
				   we have the fiddle which is french we also have a guitar 
				   which is a spanish influence and we have the triangle, rub 
				   board and spoons which are african instruments.'

a spooktacular jacksonville 
				   zoo visit

				   srory and photos 
				   by kathleen walls
				   published 10-26-2023



the 
				 jacksonville zoo and gardens is one of the top zoos in the 
				 united states. they are doing it big for halloween with their 
				 36th annual 
				 spooktacular. a few ghosts and ghouls fit right in with the 
				 wildlife. you enter beneath the watchful eye of some giant 
				 skeletons. then pass under a spooktacular archway. 


				    



				   bristol: birthplace of country music


story and photos by
				 kathleen walls
				 published 9-14-2023


birthplace of country music in 
				  bristol, 
				 virginia/tennessee has a fantastic history behind it. the 
				 museum tells how country music was recognized as a genre at the 
				 famous 1927 bristol sessions. it's an amazing story. 












the gardens and grounds at monticello

 
 				  story by tom straka
				   photographs by pat straka  published 9-4-2023


about a year ago we spent the better part of a day at 
				   monticello, the home of thomas jefferson. the details are in an
				 earlier article in this digital magazine. while monticello 
				 is recognized as one of america's most famous homes, the 
				 grounds surrounding monticello are almost as interesting as the 
				 house. they were attractive enough to bring us back for a 
				 second visit, centered on the restored vegetable and flower 
				 gardens, orchards, jefferson's favorite trees, and a bunch of 
				 fascinating outbuildings. they were well worth a second better 
				 part of a day. tours at monticello have various options, mainly 
				 the house tour and the
				 gardens and grounds tour. 


				   cleveland's rock and roll hall of fame

				   story and photos 
				   by kathleen walls published 7-27-2023


i 
				   just visited 
				   
				   cleveland's rock and roll hall of fame. it's an 
				   amazing time travel trip into american music. sure, it's 
				   about rock and roll, but remember rock and roll evolved from
				 blues and country with many other genres adding a touch or 
				 two. what i love about the museum is that it takes that into 
				 consideration and showcases those early influences. over the 
				 years, they have inducted many influencers, including sister 
				 rosetta tharpe,
				 ma 
				 rainey,
				 robert johnson, hank williams, bob willis, and countless 
				 other musician whose music led to rock and roll.
				  


an extraterrestrial heritage area in georgia

 
 				  story and photos 
															by tom straka 
															published 7-17-2023


newsweek magazine recently 
				 published an
				 article 
				 with a catchy title: “the weirdest, most extraterrestrial spots 
				 you can visit, here on earth,” promising “some of earth's most 
				 bizarrely surreal natural wonders.” there were eleven 
				 locations, ranging from a national forest park in china with 
				 bizarre rock formations, a desert in canada's yukon, easter 
				 island, the world's largest salt flat in bolivia, the skeleton 
				 coast of namibia, to glowworm caves in new zealand. one 
				 location caught my eye, as it is only a few hours away. the
				 arabia mountain natural area, just east of atlanta, was 
				 described as “as close to the experience of walking on the 
				 moon's surface as we have on earth.” as you begin the hike up 
				 arabia mountain, shown in the lead photograph, you are on solid 
				 rock, and the scant forest soon gives way to the “lunar 
				 surface.” you'll be on a monadnock.


the perfect 
				   home-away_from_home in new iberia  


 
				   kathleen walls
				   published 7-2-2023


i 
				   had a wonderful experience when i visited new iberia. there 
				   was so much more than i expected. 
				   new iberia
				   is a quiet 
				   little town on the banks of bayou teche with a big history. 
				   founded in 1779, by spaniards new iberia is the only 
				   louisiana city retaining a spanish name. later, the acadians, 
				   settled there after being driven out of nova scotia by the 
				   british. 

for earlier stories click 
				   here.




                   

public disclosure 
					 please read ftc has a law 
				 requiring web sites to let their readers know if any of the 
				 stories are  'sponsored' or compensated. we also are to 
				 let readers know if any of our links are ads. most are not. 
				 they are just a way to direct you  to more information 
				 about the article where the link is placed. we have several ads 
				 on our pages.  they are clearly marked as ads. i think 
				 readers are smart enough to know an ad when they see one but to 
				 obey the letter of the law, i am putting this statement here to 
				 make sure everyone understands. american roads and global 
				 highways may contain affiliate links or ads. further, as their 
				 bios show, most of the feature writers are professional travel 
				 writers. as such we are frequently invited on press trips, also 
				 called fam trips. on these trips most of our lodging, dining, 
				 admissions fees and often plane fare are covered by the city or 
				 firm hosting the trip. it is an opportunity to visit places we 
				 might not otherwise be able to visit. however, no one tells us 
				 what to write about those places. all opinions are 100% those 
				 of the author of that feature column.

				 






search our site

 

we'd love to have you follow on social media. please use our hashtag,
#arandgh  
 












							pintrest





							email us



 





privacy policy/
american 
roads and global highways  travel magazine archives /  

contributors / 
subscribe to 
american roads 
books by 
kathleen walls / 
contact /  
become a 
sponsor or advertise / 
american roads travel magazine home page 
�americanroads.net, all rights reserved   |   
	copyright 2024
  


.




