




grasslands observatory
































latest news


image gallery


our operations


comets & asteroids


arp galaxies

barnard objects

messier objects


meteors


moon & planets


northern 

	        caldwell objects


southern 

	        caldwell objects


ngc & ic objects


objects with 

	        common names


photographic messier marathon album


essays


















 getting started for the evening


 
 


 
 


 
 






 setting august milky way


 
 


 
 


 
 





 canopus culminating on the southern horizon


 
 


 
 


 
 





the zodiacal light, venus, and the milky way


 
 


 
 






 looking north from the observatory during the day
at the gate looking south to the observatory


 
 







rainbow at the grasslands observatory


 










more rainbows at the grasslands observatory


 
sharpless and other miscellaneous objects
 


the astronomical league

this site last updated on saturday january 18,     2025
 
now available



the barnard objects - then and now
 



the sky at night - easy enjoyment from your backyard
 
now available in their entirety:
arp objects
barnard objects in color
messier objects
northern caldwell objects
southern caldwell objects
 
we support:
ida (now darksky international)

 



the grasslands observatory is owned by tim 
		        hunter. 
the director of the observatory is james mcgaha, who 
		        is in charge of the 
		        observatory's operations. 
the grasslands observatory was started 
		        in 1985 when tim 
		          hunter purchased 20 acres of land at a remote 
		        location in southeastern arizona approximately an hour's drive 
		        from tucson. the site has no horizon obstructions in any 
		        direction and sits on a large grassy plateau surrounded by 
		        distant mountains. it is at 5000 feet elevation, and there is 
		        only minor light pollution from distant tucson, sierra vista, 
		        and nogales, arizona (and sonora, mexico). 
in 1986, a 24-inch f/5 
                equatorial newtonian (f/20 cassegrain telescope) was purchased 
                from its builder jeff shaffer and installed in a 20 x 20 foot 
                roll-off building. the building was designed by tim hunter and 
                james mcgaha and built by them under the guidance of jeff 
            shaffer. 
to the direct west of the original observatory building is 
				the warm room (sometime called the control room) a separate 14 x 14 foot building which is 
				heated and insulated. it contains the controls for multiple telescope, a microwave, refrigerator, computers,  bed, power, telephone, and internet service. unfortunately, there is no running 
			water. 
the warm room was originally built in 1995 when the original 24-inch  
                telescope was changed from mainly visual use to electronic 
            imaging. 
in 2013 the warm room/control room was expanded considerably by a 14 x 26 foot additon, and a separate 12 x 14 foot storage room was added.  a new weather station and an all sky cam were also added. 
since 2015, the grasslands observatory has been significally improved and enlarged with the addition of three new 14 x 14 foot roll-off roof buildings containing telescopes for remote operations. 
a  planewave 24-inch cdk24 f/6.5 telescope, an asa 20-inch f/3.6 telescope, and a takahashi epsilon 180 f/2.8 telescope are in active use via remote operation.  further improvement in software and hardware for more "automatic" operation is continuing.
tbh 11 november 2017; tbh tuesday may 21, 2019
 


this site last updated on saturday january 18,   2025
web page first uploaded 16 december 1998
web page redesigned and uploaded july 2014



















 
home | about | contact | 3towers

grasslands | sabino  canyon | essays


 
copyright â© 2013 the grasslands observatory. all rights  reserved. 






