










martlet | the university of victoria's independent newspaper


























































page loading

























news
opinions
features
culture
sports | lifestyle
humour
about
jobs
more

podcast – the nest
back-to-school guide
digital archive
volunteer
advertising
pitch your story ideas























 









featuressportssports | lifestylevikes women’s basketball seek u sports tournament berth
by paul voll} february 6, 2025







news

first nations and uvic researchers convene to raise their voices about local herring fishery
by scott van haren} february 6, 2025environmentalnews“the dfo and the minister of fisheries [seem] to be ignoring the first nations, and that's why the hereditary chiefs are stepping up to the fight now,” said chief pelkey.uvic researchers use drones to increase healthcare accessibility across vancouver island
by kiera clark} february 6, 2025localnewsa budding partnership between uvic’s centre for aerospace research (cfar) and island health highlights the innovative future of healthcare on vancouver island, and the groundbreaking work being done by uvic…victoria is not immune to fires like la’s: experts 
by ethan barkley} february 6, 2025environmentallocalnewsworld“i know the island is getting [to be] of concern as global change happens. it appears to be getting warmer all the time here, and drier. we have so much…

opinions

five ways to not get a co-op
by cooper anderson} february 6, 2025humouropinionsi signed up in august. i attended mandatory workshops at uvic through september, october, and november, performed a mock interview audition, networked against my will, and applied to jobs relentlessly…canadian universities need a better business model
by fernanda solorza} february 6, 2025opinionsto ensure the sustainability of canada’s post-secondary education system, institutions and governments must return to their core mission and ensure that equitable, high-quality education remains a public good for all…canadians should care about trump’s sweeping executive actions
by helena howland} february 6, 2025opinionsas the people of the united states suffer, we call for empathy, hope, and power in numbers from the rest of the globe. we call for you, canada, to care. 

culture

meet dr. dick, the lək̓ʷəŋən artist behind uvic’s newest banners
by hannah link} february 6, 2025culturevisual arts“my artwork, a lot of the time, has to do with the environment, or the ecosystem. at the time of reconciliation, i would hope that it creates understanding. it would…augmented reality has surprising uses in healthcare, says former canada research chair
by julien johnston-brew} february 6, 2025campusculturescienceone of black’s projects incorporated ar with rehabilitative treatment following surgery, using the technology to “[guide] individuals to remotely manage musculoskeletal disorders.”what does it take to create new programs at uvic?
by keira holman} february 6, 2025culturelifestyle“students’ voices are very much championed in those discussions,” she said. “getting to be a part of that process, and knowing that my voice was also important in that conversation…

sports | lifestyle

the only swim club for adults with disabilities is at risk of losing its home
by fernanda solorza} february 6, 2025localnewssportssports | lifestylethe recent closure of pools across victoria such as crystal pool, the uvic mckinnon pool, and the upcoming possible closure of the downtown ymca, have left swimmers like the spirit…the victoria royals are poised for a playoff run
by paul voll} february 6, 2025sportssports | lifestylerealizing his team was a legitimate western conference contender this season, general manager jake heisinger rewarded his players by acquiring some reinforcements at the trade deadline. on new year's day,…ringing in victory
by eric kwakernaak} february 6, 2025sportssports | lifestylelooking to the future, allison, hodge, and others on the team hope to continue growing the game on the island, and to potentially continue sending teams to the ucc. neither…

features

vikes women’s basketball seek u sports tournament berth
by paul voll} february 6, 2025featuressportssports | lifestyle“our goal is to finish as one of the top two teams in the b.c. division,” said pankratz. doing so would allow the vikes the opportunity to host a quarterfinal…flying under the radar
by ashley ciambrelli} january 23, 2025featuressportscheer is, surprisingly, one of the more dangerous contact sports when it comes to serious injuries. the combined skills and trust required to execute stunts leave little room for error.…vikes women’s field hockey stars rise to national dominance
by paul voll} december 12, 2024featuressportssports | lifestylein 2003, current head coach krista thompson, who was the program’s assistant coach at the time, started the rising stars program, which allowed the vikes to offer scholarships to future…

humour

five ways to not get a co-op
by cooper anderson} february 6, 2025humouropinionsi signed up in august. i attended mandatory workshops at uvic through september, october, and november, performed a mock interview audition, networked against my will, and applied to jobs relentlessly…how to lock in and win this year — according to 2025 astrology
by rae dawson} january 23, 2025humourlifestyleto get the most out of these tough transits, embrace jupiter’s expansive energy, and continue to clear out the old and welcome the new.what’s in and what’s out this new year?
by hannah link} january 9, 2025culturegameshumourturkey is fine twice a year and at no other time. i can’t express how out turkey will be in 2025. as we move farther away from the blatant food-replacement…



can’t get enough?subscribe to newsletterour digital print issuethe martlet on instagram 









tags
campus
local
national
victoria
editorials
letters
news 
film
food
literature
theatre
sports
lifestyle
housing
recent posts } february 6, 2025first nations and uvic researchers convene to raise their voices about local herring fishery} february 6, 2025uvic researchers use drones to increase healthcare accessibility across vancouver island} february 6, 2025victoria is not immune to fires like la’s: experts 

@themartlet

tweets by themartlet 
courier the martlet
student union building
room b011
university of victoria
3700 finnerty road
victoria, b.c.
v8w 5c2
 





 











about the martlet



the martlet has been uvic’s source forindependent news since 1948. we have a strong audience of approximately 1000 readers per day on our website, and pride ourselves in being the place the uvic community can look to learn more about what’s going on at their university.




contact us






call us



followfollowfollowfollow






latest posts



} february 6, 2025first nations and uvic researchers convene to raise their voices about local herring fishery} february 6, 2025uvic researchers use drones to increase healthcare accessibility across vancouver island} february 6, 2025victoria is not immune to fires like la’s: experts 






newsletter





subscribe to newsletter






categories



 

alumni testimonialsbusiness | techcultureelectionsfeatured storyfeaturesgroup/campus profilehumournewsopinionssports | lifestyleuncategorizeduvic lifevideo 









our paper is written and published on the unceded lands of the lekwungen peoples, and the songhees, esquimalt, and w̱sáneć peoples whose relationships with this land continue to this day.

2022 © copyright martlet publishing society. all rights reserved. website by cl web developers.



 
































