

 episcopal diocese of georgia – always ready to worship and serve." headquartered in savannah, our diocese consists of 70 congregations serving central, south and coastal georgia.






















skip to content

 menu   searchhome 
about bishop frank logue 
diocesan staff 
racial justice and healing resources 
what is an episcopal church statements of what we believe 

convocation deans 
history 
saints of georgia 
archives of the diocese of georgia 
resource library background checks 
safe church, safe communities 
positions available 
medical insurance 
diocesan financial reports 
supply clergy 
congregational development links 
remarriage after divorce 
saluda clergy cottage 
diocese of georgia prayer cycle 
diocesan emblems 
help creating a congregation website 
logo & image library 
digital communications for congregations 


ministries chaplains 
clergy spouses 
community of st. joseph 
companion diocese activities during 2019 
activities during 2018 
activities during 2017 
activities during 2016 
activities during 2015 
activities during 2014 
activities during 2013 
activities during 2012 
activities during 2011 
activities during 2010 

deacons 
education for ministry 
leadership training 
episcopal schools 
youth ministries 
episcopal church women (ecw) about ecw 
diocesan ecw by-laws 
church periodical club (cpc) 
the united thank offering 

honey creek 
cursillo in christianity 
diocesan leadership episcopal youth and children’s services 

the legacy society 

news/events from the field 
photos 

parishes 
diocesan convention 2024 convention home 
convention 2024 nominations 
convention 2024 resolutions 
nominations for diocesan commissions and committees 2024 
voting guide 
convention 2024 lodging 

 close menu   episcopal diocese of georgia
serving central and south georgia since 1733 
diocesan leadership diocesan newsletter racial justice & healing honey creek  
 resource library 
 prayer cycles, financial reports, budgets, pledges, and other documents of interest are maintained in this library together with images and logos.  
 leadership training 
 find out more about the leading with grace, emotional intelligence training, our peer coaching network, and safeguarding god’s children.  
 youth programs 
 learn more about our various youth programs and events by visiting their website. diocese of georgia news & events 

 view all news & events  
 1book1diocese in lent and easter lent 2025 – rowan william’s passions of the soulthe 1book1diocese read for lent 2025 will be rowan williams’ deeply wise book passions of the soul. in this brief text the former archbishop of canterbury tells how self-awareness about our instincts and emotions can offer practical assistance in diagnosing what is binding us to unhelpful and potentially destructive […] 
 holy kinship: 2025 lay ministers’ conference  
 a christmas message from bishop logue 2024  
 closing remarks to convention 2024 https://youtu.be/fzkyyxlxuf4 setting our sea anchor to face the wavesclosing remarks to the 203rd convention of the episcopal diocese of georgiathe rt. rev. frank s. logue “i really believe that god is in our lives. every day. every single day. when we walk outside, anything can happen, but if you have faith and believe in god, […] 
 bishop’s address to the 203rd convention living hope – bishop’s address 2024 beloved in christ, we gather in convention celebrating our living hope in a risen savior as we continue to work on discerning how the spirit is leading us into the future.  since we last met in convention in augusta, that city has been hit hard by hurricane helene. as […] 
 bishop frank logue
frank logue is the bishop of the diocese of georgia, with oversight of the 70 episcopal congregations in central and south georgia. frank believes that the mission of the church is to invite people into relationship with jesus. by keeping jesus at the center of our common life we are empowered to live lives of service, seeking justice for all people and communities.
frank was ordained and consecrated as the 11th bishop of georgia at christ church, savannah, on may 30, 2020. prior to his election, he served 10 years as the canon to the ordinary, the chief assistant, to the 10th bishop of georgia. from 2000-2010, he served as the church planter for king of peace episcopal church in kingsland, georgia. a graduate of the virginia theological seminary, frank and his wife, victoria, wrote seven books on the outdoors and travel before he responded to a deeply felt call to serve god in ordained ministry. the logues continue to write. their daughter, griffin, is married and serves as a veterinarian in albuquerque, new mexico. 

 learn more  parishes & missions
search for a particular church or mission by using our map tool. find all parish information like staff and clergy by visiting our parishes page. 

 view all parishes   
 
back to topabout
diocesan ministries
leadership training
news & events
parishes
news & events1book1diocese in lent and easterholy kinship: 2025 lay ministers’ conferencea christmas message from bishop logue 2024closing remarks to convention 2024bishop’s address to the 203rd conventioncontact us18 east 34th street
savannah, georgia 31401
phone (912) 236-4279
office hours
m-thu: 8:30am-4:00pm
fri: 8:30am-noon
   diocesan house© episcopal diocese of georgia 2020 | web design by summerhill creative




 

