










home - hillsborough/orange county chamber of commerce






















































  




















skip to content




























 
our chamber what we do who we are our major investors email newsletter sign up testimonials contact usmember directoryjoin now why join? membership tiers & benefitsmember corner member login renew membership chamber resources chamber member savings get involvedvisit & relocate featured realtors our community resources map elected officialsprograms & events events calendar central carolina women in business hillsborough young professionals engage 2024 annual gala and awards ladies night out holiday parade 2024 all events gingerbread contest: homes for the holidays hometown holidays festival woman of the year awardbusiness resources starting your business job postings local resources for development








 













we bring visibility to your business and connections to help you succeed
marketing, professional development, networking, education, savings and more to help your business thrive









join today











talk with us about membership












 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 





















we want your business to prosper and
become an integral part of our thriving community.
joining our network of 225+ chamber members in hillsborough, mebane, and throughout orange county, nc will help you build meaningful new relationships, receive greater visibility with potential customers, have access to information and resources to run your company, and belong to a diverse group of business leaders, from solo entrepreneurs to ceos of large corporations.











did you know...









hillsborough is the fastest-growing municipality in orange county, north carolina with an average growth rate of 9.5%.




















photo credit: cesar carrasco photography.

















chamber membership provides:

new customer leads
business listing in our online, searchable membership directory
free membership in central carolina women in business (ccwib)
free membership in hillsborough young professionals engage (hype)
new member highlight in the hillsborough happenings email newsletter (2,000 distribution) and social media (facebook and instagram)
business listing in our digital newcomers/relocation guide
access to complimentary educational seminars on business and marketing topics
ribbon cutting, grand opening or groundbreaking celebrations
access to use or offer member-to-member discounts
ability to post events/promotions on the chamber website
membership in the hillsborough merchants association (if applicable)
static-cling membership decal for windows/doors and digital decal for website
discounted hillsborough holiday parade entry
admission to business after hours networking socials at area businesses and more!








join today










click below to learn more about hillsborough, north carolina with our online community profile and newcomers guide























 


mission statement 
the hillsborough-orange county chamber of commerce is the primary voice for member-business development and economic growth through innovative community collaboration.
 













					business directory				








					upcoming events				








					newsletter signup				








					join the chamber				








					member login				




















 


upcoming events 


 




















 


learn more


 


 


learn more


 


 


learn more


 


 


learn more


 


 


learn more


 


 


learn more


 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 












































resources









member partnerships











central carolina women in business unites, educates and supports all women through a platform designed to inspire and empower. learn more...









looking for a meeting space conveniently located in the heart of hillsborough? maybe you started a new business or relocated your company. check out these business resources that can help you build success.









every dollar counts, so we continue to look for ways to save money for our members. as a member of the chamber, you will have access to new partnerships and offers while also having the chance to offer member discounts of your own. see the deals...

















trustee level members
















                                warren - hay                            














                                town of hillsborough                            














                                wchl the hill                            














                                unc health                            














                                the news of orange                            














                                the colonial inn                            














                                cmit                            






next
previous












all major investors


















foundation level members





















                                piedmont electric                            













                                edward jones                            













                                sports endeavors                            














                                bb&t                            














                                orange county government                            














                                chapel hill/ orange co visitors bureau                            














                                phe, inc.                             














                                whup                            














                                lumos                            






next
previous












all major investors










 












© 2025 hillsborough/orange county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












hillsborough-orange county
chamber of commerce










(919) 732-8156 










200 n. churton street hillsborough, nc 27278 













contact us 










listen live
to our community stations:






whup 104.7fm
97.9fm the hill wchl
hometown community newspaper:
news of orange









tweets by @hborochamber 















































 © 

 hillsborough/orange county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















