


harrison-banks: equestrian architecture  





h a r r i s o n  · b a n k s

architecture for the horse industry



107 garland road · newton, massachusetts 02459 usa

telephone: 617-236-1876 · facsimile: 617-247-3907

e-mail: harrison-banks







about harrison·banks

|  horse-related projects

equine links  |  other
links
 

about
harrison·banks:
the architectural practice of harrison·banks specializes in design for the horse
industry. harrison·banks' expertise in the design of equestrian facilities is the
result of over twenty years experience in building design, and over thirty years
experience in equestrian activities. harrison·banks' intimate understanding of day to
day facility operation is translated into high quality design, gracefully blending
aesthetic and functional criteria.


hannah banks, harrison·banks'
principal, is an award-winning horseperson. she keeps abreast of the horse industry
through memberships in the american horse council, usa equestrian (formerly the american
horse shows association), and the united states eventing association (formerly the united
states combined training association). in addition to knowledge acquired in the design of
equestrian projects, ms. banks actively studies market and practice trends in the horse
industry, through extensive travel and investigation of active, successful facilities in
the united states and europe. her knowledge of equestrian project development, use, and
detailing, creates environments that provide pleasure for those who use them, are
successfully sited, and effectively fulfill program requirements.


harrison·banks brings to each project its unique combination of experience in
designing equestrian facilities, profound understanding of the needs of equestrian
disciplines, and command of animal safety standards. our contribution ensures design
integrity and harmony, uniting concern for human and animal users with the functional
requirements of the project.


a woman-owned business enterprise, harrison·banks' services include:

·economic and market studies

·site planning

·programming

·building design

·construction document preparation, and

·construction administration.


the firm has planned and designed public and private equestrian facilities throughout
the united states. with flexible staffing to meet project needs, the firm is supported by
computerized scheduling, budgeting, design and documentation.


let us help make your project a success!

back to top


projects



eventing barn, rhode island

harrison·banks designed an 8-stall barn for a three day event rider. large stalls and a stone facade characterize this barn which is harmonious with the existing buildings on this 88 acre property. construction completed winter 2003.


ford plantation equestrian center, georgia

consulting with the developer and local architect, harrison·banks assisted in the
design of a 22-stall barn. the design is in keeping with the architectural guidelines of
the private gated community. completed in 2002.


indoor riding arena, new york

for a private client, harrison·banks designed an indoor riding arena on a large
site. the arena has glu-lam arches, and is built into a hill, diminishing its mass. the
exterior has a stone base with clapboard above, large windows, and a two-story observation
area. construction completed in summer 2003.

 nantucket farm, massachusetts   collaborating with a landscape
architect and local architect, harrison·banks designed a four-stall barn and
equipment building. these structures complete a complex consisting of an existing house,
pool house and two guest houses. the project complies with historical commission
guidelines, with its natural cedar shingle siding and roof. completed in 2002.


private farm, virginia

harrison·banks provided site and barn design for a four-stall barn, equipment and hay
building, and covered round pen on a 200 acre site. designed  for a young couple on
virginia's eastern shore, the barn complex abuts an existing grove of trees for protection
from the sea's winter winds. three large pastures surround the barn. barn design builds on
eastern shore vernacular architecture. construction complete in 2001.

 recreational driving facility, new york  on 33 acres near buffalo,
harrison·banks designed a driving facility and small breeding operation. a barn for
10 horses and four mares and foals, isolation barn for visiting mares, indoor driving
arena, covered octagonal round pen, show carriage display, and staff housing comprise the
program. also included are a driven dressage arena, paddocks and carriage house designed
in joint venture with machado|blake design .

 private equestrian center, hawaii   for a combination residential and
show facility on extremely challenging topography, harrison·banks established siting
strategies. a highly articulated program included a 16-stall owner's barn, a 20-stall
boarding barn, multiple paddocks, large and small riding arenas with judges' stands and
grandstands, as well as a large hay, shavings and equipment structure, a small veterinary
facility, and three staff houses.


pecan alley farm, south carolina


harrison·banks created the exterior for a 10-stall morton buildings barn on a 160
acre site outside greenville. in a joint venture, machado|blake design designed a 6,000 square foot,
plantation-style house. set at the end of a majestic pecan allee, the house presents an
elegant facade. building on themes developed for the house, the barn has stately columns
and a porch overlooking the outdoor riding arena. barn completed 2001.



pine meadow farm, north carolina


a 3,200 square foot, plantation-style house and 10-stall barn were designed by
harrison·banks in joint venture with machado|blake design, on a 15 acre site outside charlotte.
designed for a family who enjoys dressage and jumping, this private facility has four
large paddocks, and dressage arena, as well as a large jumping arena. completed in 2001.


kingbrook club community, new york


harrison·banks completed a feasibility and planning study for an equestrian center to
be developed for a 1,200 acre gated club community offering skiing, golf and riding near
buffalo. the facility is anticipated to provide a boarding, training, clinic, and show
facility with its projected 48 stalls, exhibition-size indoor arena, and outdoor arenas.
building design is expected to begin next year.


equestrian resort, connecticut


consulting to centerbrook architects, harrison·banks designed an equestrian resort on
400 acres. the project included a large indoor arena for rodeos and other events, had 120
horses in three barns, and provided a carriage storage building, as well as restaurants,
locker rooms and guest facilities.


camp lake of the woods equestrian center, missouri


working as a consultant to a landscape architect, harrison·banks expanded a 12-horse
facility to a 20-stall barn and added an indoor arena. the program offers riding programs
for children and adults. as part of a day camp in a 1,880 acre olmstead-designed city
park, the redesign must accommodate challenging topography. the project was completed in
fall 1999.


plains property, virginia



for a washington, dc couple, harrison·banks worked with the client's architect and
landscape architects to design an equestrian complex as part of a 2,000 acre estate. built
around the ruined stone foundation walls of a old bank barn, the center includes an eight
stall barn (expandable to 14), a hay barn, groom's quarters, and farm manager's dwelling,
outdoor exercise arena and two very large paddocks with run-in sheds. the project is
designed to accommodate the owners' western style riding.


paduka run, new york

for a dedicated equestrian couple, harrison·banks created a carefully designed
six-stall barn attached to a regulation indoor dressage arena. nestled in the woods to
conceal its mass, the indoor arena has glu-lam arches, giving it a gracefully arched
ceiling. the barn gives a airy open feeling, with an opening, through the hay loft floor,
from the roof to the stalls below. the project is designed to be complementary to the
owners' house, using similar materials and colors. completed 1996.


mothersfield, new york



designed for an active three-day event rider and trainer, this project provides a barn for
twenty horses attached to a regulation indoor dressage arena, giving maximum protection
from the weather. working with a very restricted budget, the project put design flourishes
on the portion of the project visible from the road, leaving the rest of the building
attractively utilitarian. completed spring 1997.


pirouette farm, massachusetts



this project consisted of renovation of a 1790's farmhouse, conversion of a gambrel-roofed
bank-style cow barn into a barn for six horses, construction of a free-standing indoor
riding arena, and creation of paddocks and an outdoor arena. adhering to a very tight
budget, and on limited acreage, the project created a cohesive, efficient, complex.
completed 1994.

1996 olympic equestrian facilities, georgia



harrison·banks was a member of a short-listed team competing for the design of the
equestrian facilities for the atlanta games. work involved schematic design for a project
meeting the needs of 400 horses and a multitude of competitors, spectators, and vip's
participating in the sports of the three-day event, show jumping and dressage.


dressage facility and residence, massachusetts

 this in-town farm residence is designed for a successful author who
escapes from her writing to the order of dressage. a barn for four horses is designed for
expansion to six stalls, with the two unused stalls used for tack and feed storage.
paddocks flank either side of the barn and are immediately accessible. in a small
tree-bordered valley, the regulation dressage arena provides seclusion. room for trailer
loading is provided at the barn entrance. the house is sited to shield the barn from view
by existing neighbors and also acts as a security point.

green mountain resort, washington



having prepared an economic feasibility and market viability study for an equestrian
competition facility as a major component of a 400 acre destination resort near portland,
oregon, harrison·banks expects to begin programming and design for the project soon.
disciplines to be accommodated include: dressage, combined training, show jumping,
combined driving, and hunter/jumper. the project will create facilities for upper level
competitions in the pacific northwest.


boxborough equestrian park, massachusetts



this 70 acre horse show facility for 200 horses will satisfy the needs of many
disciplines: combined driving, combined training, dressage, hunters, and grand prix
jumping. clear separation between competitor and spectator traffic makes the facility safe
and easy to use. natural landscape features are incorporated; trails connect to 300 acres
of wooded conservation land, site of future cross-country courses. in planning.

residential community, virginia



harrison·banks was the equestrian architectural consultant, providing economic,
market and site evaluation studies, on the conversion of an existing thoroughbred breeding
and training farm into a new small town, with village center and outlying large
residential lots. equestrian activities utilizing the existing facilities and ambiance of
the farm were to be a major focus of the community, maximizing the development potential
of the land while maintaining open space and general rural feeling of the property.



public stables, boston, massachusetts



located on a small site near a large park in a boston residential neighborhood, this
public stable was to have offered riding lessons and trail rides in the park. replacing a
previously existing public stable, the project consisted of a 70 horse barn, indoor arena
with observation area and a manager's apartment. outdoors were an outdoor riding ring,
paddocks and parking. the barn was be two stories tall, with stalls on both levels;  ramps
would have allowed horses to go between floors. the architecture of the barn and indoor
arena were to blend with the surrounding buildings in the neighborhood.



grand prix farms at palm beach, florida



330 acre project adjoining the palm beach polo and country club. harrison·banks
worked with the developer and his planning team in creating this facility for high-ranking
show jumping competitors, and for those who enjoy an equestrian ambiance. rider lots, in
multiples of 2.5 acre parcels, were designed primarily for barns and paddocks. 1 acre lots
in an area connected to, but separate from the riders' area, were available for
non-riders.


show horse barn, virginia *



a private 36 horse facility. site selection, planning and careful programming resulted in
two 18 stall barns with wash stalls, tack, utility, and feed rooms. the project included a
lounge, offices, staff housing, hay barn, paddocks and outdoor dressage arena. a covered
arcade links the buildings.


dressage barn, massachusetts *



a private 14 horse facility. careful programming produced a barn, indoor dressage/jumping
arena and farm manager's quarters. the barn facilities included tack, utility, feed rooms,
hay loft and lounge.


three-day event training center, california



west coast facility for the three-day event. using an existing competition site with
cross-country courses up to the advanced level, the project included stabling for 80
horses, housing for 40 riders, separate indoor dressage and jumping arenas, offices and
veterinary facilities.

* as associate at perry, dean, rogers & partners

back to top


equine links
us eventing association's official
website
equiworld
american connemara pony society
american driving society
american endurance ride conference
federation equestre internationale (fei)
hay and pasture
united states dressage federation - a source for "under
foot" about the construction of outdoor arenas
new england dressage association
united states equestrian team
united states pony club
united states polo association

the american horse council
the kentucky horse park and the international museum of
the horse
the chronicle of the horse
the blood-horse interactive
the horse interactive
horse country - junior riders web page - a
place for kids to discuss real horses and equestrian concerns
horseweb.com -a very extensive horse site
equinet - classified ad service
horselist.com
the jockey club - thoroughbred related site
university of kentucky equine
research foundation
equine resources - from
oklahoma state, very informative
cornell university's listing of poisonous
plants.
equine world u.k
horsekeeper.com, nancy ambrosiano's page
cherry hill books - information on training and
horse care
jessica jahiel's holistic horsemanship
page - review of horse books and videos and audio cassettes, etc.
breakthrough publications
the horse exchange
equisearch
equiworld magazine
links to news about
warmbloods




other links
american institute of architects home page -
all about the aia
massachusetts architects
boston society of architects
aec infocenter: architectural firms and
services - another architectural resource
buildfind - a builders network
the building industry exchange - internet resources
for the building industry.
cyburbia - planning and architecture internet resource
center
buildingonline - building products
 the building trades directory
constructinfo.com




copyright ©1996 -2009 harrison·banks. all rights reserved.

e-mail: harrison-banks

this page was created on 6 february 1996 and last modified 25 august 2009.






