










engineering council






































engineering council




main menu

home
check a registration
about us
professional registration
standards & guidance
education & skills
professional development
international activity
news


glossary & faqs
publications
shop
contact us
partner portal




show form














can’t find it? try a-z
check a registration
information for:




school leavers & advisors




students, apprentices and graduates




current registrants




potential registrants




journalists and media




educators, developers and providers




employers




members of the public




pocket guide to professional registration




statement of ethical principles




sign up to our engage enewsletter

join us on linkedin
watch us on youtube
twitter



home



guidance for engineers and technicians
free guidance is available on sustainability, risk, security, ethics and whistleblowing








the engineering council is the uk regulatory body for the engineering profession. we hold the national registers of nearly 223,000 engineering technicians (engtech), incorporated engineers (ieng), chartered engineers (ceng) and information and communications technology technicians (icttech).
in addition, the engineering council sets and maintains the internationally recognised standards of professional competence and ethics that govern the award and retention of these titles. this ensures that employers, government and wider society - both in the uk and overseas - can have confidence in the knowledge, experience and commitment of professionally registered engineers and technicians.


about professional registration
discover the range of benefits of professional registration and find the right title for you.


professional engineering institutions
find the right institution for you and learn about your membership options.


professional affiliates
if you work in a specific field, you may find more benefits to membership with a professional affiliate.




course search
find an accredited degree or an approved apprenticeship or training programme.


news
read the latest engineering news including engineering council enewsletters and press releases


case studies
read professional registration testimonials from individuals working in a wide range of sectors.




uk-spec
find our uk-spec, ict technician, ahep and aaqa standards documents here for your reference.


regcheck
regcheck is an online tool that can be used to verify an engineering council registration.


continuing professional development
read the cpd policy statement and cpd code for registrants.




©engineering council 2023. registered charity no. 286142. privacy | quality | disclaimer 

 








