 



home | cyt national







































 toggle menu    
 


 
 about 
 find your branch 
 programs 
 safety 
 donate 
 contact 


login 


























 













find your branch!






  previous    next 








what is cyt?
christian youth theater (cyt) is one of the largest after-school theater arts training programs in the nation. our branches across the country offer classes in drama, music, dance, technical theater, and more! each local program offers camps and classes for ages 4-18, and full-scale productions for ages 8-18.

learn more about cyt!




















learn more about cyt classes!
more info














learn more about cyt camps!
more info














learn more about cyt shows!
more info









i have built friendships that i know will last & i have so many incredible memories of having an absolute blast at rehearsals & classes.

cyt student








  


something for everyone
cyt classes include drama, voice, dance, and a broad spectrum of other specialty theatrical workshops. there are three ten-week sessions a year (fall, winter, and spring), and a showcase at the end of each session that allows students to show off what they have learned to family & friends.

cyt class information


  








all the world’s a stage
students who are enrolled in classes have the opportunity to audition and perform (or work behind the scenes) in a broadway-style musical performed for the community.

cyt shows are appropriate for the entire family and are an excellent way to introduce children to the arts.

cyt show information


  






  


what are your summer plans?
cyt theater camps are designed to create a hands-on theater experience. campers will enjoy making new friends as they build performance skills and learn self-confidence and teamwork. there is no better place for kids to experience theater than in cyt’s positive and encouraging atmosphere - and every camper gets the opportunity to perform on stage!

cyt camp information


  








other ways to participate!
there are many ways to be part of cyt beyond the stage! cyt programs consist of everything that is not a class, camp, or show. some of the available programs include decathlon, cyt@school, apex teams, and the yearly cyt expo.

cyt programs information


  






  


contribute to cyt!
cyt is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational organization funded primarily through its tuition, ticket sales, and outside contributions. we rely on your donations to provide the necessary tools and materials to deliver top-notch programming at an affordable rate!

why support cyt?


  








job opportunities
we are always looking strong, dedicated individuals to help us carry out our mission of building character in children and adults.  learn about the many ways you can get involved!

more info


  








connect to cyt:



    
    
    


























signup for our newsletter








 






×
monthly giving


schedule details


amount:



 





start date:







day of month:



12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728 




designation:



general

you can change your designation at any time





billing & payment details


  
							for security reasons: in order to update any billing details, all details must be entered, including the full credit card number.
						


						payment method on file: 
manage payment methods



payment method:

--new card--






first name:



last name:





address:



apt/suite:





city:



state:


alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming 


zip code:





  
								this card is linked to a reseller account. changing details here will update your reseller account card on file as well.
							



card number:



cvv:





exp date:




month
jan (01)feb (02)mar (03)apr (04)may (05)jun (06)jul (07)aug (08)sep (09)oct (10)nov (11)dec (12) 



year
202520262027202820292030203120322033203420352036 







 close
 delete monthly giving
 schedule this monthly donation









×

delete monthly giving



  
					are you sure you want to delete your monthly giving plan?
				

 close
 yes, delete









×

callboard message













documents






 close
				








×







 close
				








×
exit reseller checkout


				do you want to exit the reseller checkout process? this will remove any unpurchased show tickets from your cart.
			

stay
exit










×
reseller checkout


				you are currently using the reseller checkout process. here's how this works:
				
your reseller has provided you with the ability to purchase discounted tickets for certain shows.
when you make a purchase through your reseller's box office, your reseller gets credit for each ticket sold.
if you would like to exit the reseller checkout process, you can do so at any time before finalizing your purchase by clicking the "exit" button near the top of every page.



close











×
family account login:





 


 




														forgot your password?  request a reset




 create new account
cancel
login






×
new family account:



















						i already have an account
					
cancel
  create account







 ×










