


institut für informationsverarbeitung (tnt) - home












 











   
           

fakultät für elektrotechnik und informatik
fakultät






h
contact




u
deutsch








institut für informationsverarbeitung












 
staff
present staffformer staff 
research
areas of researchpublicationsresearch projectspartners 
education
coursesstudent projectsjob offers 
events
upcoming eventspast eventsnewsawardsabout uscontact 


















personalized medicine turns reality through advanced medical information processing













enable the machines to teach themselves and let them do the work – faster, better, more reliably.













teaching computers to perceive the world.













extraction and processing of information from audio signals for damage detection, hearing devices, language disorders and human-machine interaction.













human motion, the science of capturing human pose and movement, and its applications in movie production, computer animation, medical analysis, sports sciences, surveillance, action recognition, and human-computer interaction are being explored at tnt.













more than just playing games! advance the capabilities of ai agents while teaching them to solve complex decision-making tasks in a variety of games.













multimedia coding enables efficient storage, distribution, and streaming of image, video, audio, genomics, 3d, and other data













active, weather-independent images with a resolution independent of distance: we compute sharp images of moving and static scenes






























personalized medicine turns reality through advanced medical information processing













enable the machines to teach themselves and let them do the work – faster, better, more reliably.













teaching computers to perceive the world.













extraction and processing of information from audio signals for damage detection, hearing devices, language disorders and human-machine interaction.













human motion, the science of capturing human pose and movement, and its applications in movie production, computer animation, medical analysis, sports sciences, surveillance, action recognition, and human-computer interaction are being explored at tnt.













more than just playing games! advance the capabilities of ai agents while teaching them to solve complex decision-making tasks in a variety of games.













multimedia coding enables efficient storage, distribution, and streaming of image, video, audio, genomics, 3d, and other data













active, weather-independent images with a resolution independent of distance: we compute sharp images of moving and static scenes
















the home of machine learning at leibniz university hannovernews and eventsour paper qpm: discrete optimization for globally interpretable image classification
 has been accepted at the international conference on learning representations 2025 (iclr)
. our work on quantized inverse design for photonic integrated circuits
 has been accepted for publication in the acs omega journal! the source code and accompanying release of our fdtd implementation is available via github.
additionally, we will present results of comparing our implementation against other fdtd engines at the photonics west conference in san francisco.       who we are and what we do



the “institut für informationsverarbeitung” (institute for information processing) is the home of machine learning at the leibniz university hannover. we focus on three main research directions, namely (i) computer vision & representation learning, (ii) signal processing & -coding and (iii) automated machine learning. our methods range from deep learning, automated machine learning, reinforcement learning, image analysis, remote sensing and compression of audio, image, video as well as dna to biomedical data. our efforts are directed towards making efficient use of multi-modal and high dimensional data for reliable predictions, ultimately supporting end-users, developers and decision makers in a vast range of applications.


since the foundation in 1973, the institute holds a strong tradition of cultivating connections to industry partners and jointly developing solutions to automatically process and harness information. some of the developed methodology were successfully spun-off commercially as for instance with driver assistance modules, cochlear implants or component testing. the institute is also well known for being actively involved in the standardization of mp3, mpeg-2, avc (h.264), hevc (h.265) as well as mpeg-g.


do you want to join us? we have open positions.

     current spotlightthe projects aims to develop new tools to quantify information flow in quantum systems.  (more...)
superpixel algorithms for computer vision applications (more...)
"am tnt erhalte ich für projektarbeit & lehre sehr viel vertrauen, kann eigene vorschläge einbringen und forschung & lehre auf diese weise aktiv mitgestalten. im rahmen der forschung genieße ich viel gestaltungsspielraum und schätze die vielseitigen themen hier am institut, welche einem viele blicke über den tellerrand ermöglichen. als familienvater schätze ich außerdem die flexiblen arbeitszeiten und das damit verbundene verständnis."alexander lange
   last changed: 2023-12-22 






















 



h
contact



© 2025: 
      leibniz universität hannover


impressum


privacy statement









