


folkart.com™ your source for world class art






























 





 


 






home


about us


policies













 
 





product categories
baskets
dolls
glass
hex signs
music
political art
pottery
religious art
textiles
voodoo




  









welcome
                      to folkart.com™
your source for world class art



 
from
                        the wire scorpions crafted by a street entrepreneur
                        for oaxacan tourists to museum-resident oils created
                        by an historically renowned painter, the works of creative
                        people find a special place in our lives. artists bring
                        their own experience to bear in their work. and each
                        beholder brings his or her experience in reacting to
                        the creative process.
at folkart.com™ we hold that
                        this artist-beholder relationship is one of the key characteristics
                        of the human experience: the scorpion may elicit a
                        smile, while the museum piece may generate a tear; or,
                        indeed, vice-versa. these reactions are evidence of the
                        divine within us.
but where there is divinity,
                        there’s a buck to be made.
                        our mission at folkart.com is to facilitate
                        the artist-beholder relationship by introducing these
                        artists, their cultures and their works to our audience,
                        and, in most cases, to offer their works for purchase.
                        we represent many of our artists directly either having
                        met them through our travels, or by these artists introducing
                        themselves to us through
                        our web site. other artists come to us through various
                        country-resident brokers who have personal connections
                        to these creative peoples, either individually, or through
                      town or tribal councils. 
                        when you purchase a work of art from folkart.com, your
                        order will be fulfilled directly by the artist or broker
                        but, at the same time, you are backed by the folkart.com guarantee
                          of delivery and satisfaction.
categorizing our artwork
                        is a difficult process for us. it requires that we link
                        minds with our customers who may have something very
                        specific in mind. while we present some very general
                        categories in our menus, you can simply
                        send us an e-mail
                        at art@folkart.com;
                        we’ll help you find the art
                        you’re
                        searching for.






 
 
 
                  



















home  | about us  | policies






 the advertisements on this page are provided
                by google. these advertisements are provided for the convenience our
                customers  and visitors. folkart.com™ makes
                no recommendation regarding the products or services promoted by google.












copyright © 1994 - 2022 folkart.com™. all rights reserved.



