




joshua technology services














homepage
company
services
contact

 


 
welcome to joshua technology service



welcome to joshua.co.za! explore our site to see the various 
				services and solutions that am joshua cc offers, trading as joshua technology services. contact us 
				for a no obligation consultation for your needs.
we offer specialist services in the ict sector. these 
				range from data and information management solutions, technology 
				strategy, cio services, process optimization and re-engineering, 
				website development. our service offering includes policy and 
				regulatory consulting.
 

we bridge the divide



often technology is misunderstood. as a result demands and expectations aren't based on 
				reality and this has a ripple effect.
technology solutions need to fit or optimize business 
				processes. solutions are in general not impossible but may 
				require time and budget to implement. we bridge this divide in 
				adequate provision of resources for the business requirements.
 
 
about our company
am joshua cc was established in 2008. the 
				intention was to provide technology solutions in specialized 
				niche markets. this has evolved to providing main stream 
				solutions for many varying technology system requirements.
we are primarily a business intelligence / data warehousing 
				consultancy who develop mainly on the microsoft sql server 
				platform. while amiel is a trained oracle database professional 
				he has concentrated on the ms platform for over 10 years now on 
				versions from 6.5 to 2008.





clients have included the johannesburg stock exchange 
					limited (jse), the greater edgars group (edcon), the 
					independent electoral commission of south africa (iec), 
					first rand banking group (fnb, commercial & support/ 
					finance), heartlines (subcontract), saica, smaller 
					entities, ngo's and more recently united nations agencies (un).
we outsource if we are unable to provide 
					specific solutions and innovation for your solution so be 
					rest assured that you are hiring a specialist in each step 
					of your solution implementation. we're a development consultancy ie trained programmers 
					so as such we will not do your graphics and design work. 
					but we may offer suggestions and we work through skilled 
					designers for the needed expertise and skills.
 


 
services offered




analysis, design, implementation, testing 
					and commissioning of technology solutions.
these solutions vary according to your needs and 
					requirements:

business intelligence (bi) / data warehousing (dwh) / management information systems (mis) primarily on the ms 
						sql server platform (may include db2, sybase, oracle, mysql as needed).
data migration between various sources, between new and old systems or reporting platforms, extract, transform and load (etl in ssis, datastage, dts or your choice of tool). 
data quality / integrity  measurement and analysis.
ad hoc reporting, operational data stores creation and maintenance.
data analysis, trending.
planning, monitoring and evaluation, strategy based on your data.
policy and regulatory consulting (around ict legal 
						aspects).
process optimization and re-engineering.
technology strategy, appropriate use of assets and resources.


 
 
contact us


amiel@joshua.co.za
083 714 0978

 
 



        copyright â© 2012 am joshua cc | designed by free websites

 

 


