



adventure classic gaming - acg - adventure games, interactive fiction games - reviews, interviews, features, previews, cheats, galleries, forums












adventure classic gaming


saturday, 15 february 2025





reviews
interviews
features
previews
cheats
galleries
forums







current articles














the mystery of the mummy
retro

frogwares is arguably among the most recognized independent adventure game developer, best known for its now long-running sherlock holmes series. while a number of adventure games have also been previously released based on arthur conan doyle's seminal character, frogwares' series has been widely regarded by critics to be the most successful adaptation to date. the mystery of the mummy, later…

review  posted by jenny rouse.


















detective case and clown bot in murder in the hotel lisbon
retro

as a subgenre of crime fiction, detective murder mystery stories have been serving as plotlines for many novels, movies, and television shows. these stories have occasionally appeared also in adventure games. when an indie game developer from portugal decides to tackle this subgenre on its own terms—by adding to it elements of wacky humor, infusing it with tributes to classic graphic adventure…

review  posted by patrick talbot.


















murdered: soul suspect
retro

murder: soul suspect originated as only a game concept for a supernatural thriller from japanese publisher square enix. wanting to expand with greater appeal to the western game market, the publisher approached american developer airtight games (who past credits included the puzzle adventure game quantum conundrum) to help to develop this concept into a full-fledged action adventure title. while…

review  posted by mervyn graham.


















cognition: an erica reed thriller - episode 3: the oracle
retro

there is an intangible compelling quality about a good detective novel—it simply transcend time. similarly, many classic detective mystery games are remembered because of their great storylines. cognition: an erica reed thriller, from indie developer phoenix online studios in collaboration with veteran game designer jane jensen, is another example of a great adventure mystery game because of its…

review  posted by gustavo calvo-simmons.


















secret files: sam peters
retro

secret files: sam peters is the fourth game in the secret files series from animation arts (developer of lost horizon). however, this game does not feature nina kalenkov or max gruber who are the main protagonists from previous games in the series. rather, it is a spin-off to secret files 2: puritas cordis, the sequel to secret files: tunguska, and turns a minor character sam (or samantha)…

review  posted by peter rootham-smith.






past favorites














adventure game puzzles: unlocking the secrets of puzzle design


for a lot of games, you can figure out most of what you need to know about them from simply looking at an in-game screenshot or watching a gameplay trailer. with a quick glance at the head-up display and the quality of the graphics, you can get a good sense of what kind of monster killing mayhem you will be engaging in and what kind of experience you will likely get from playing the game.…

feature  posted by mark newheiser.


















the rise and fall of full throttle: a conversation with bill tiller


playing full throttle is like tasting a rich bowl of roadhouse chili filled to the rim with biker gangs, chick mechanics (covered in engine grease too), and truckers with badass tattoos. an action packed, comical (albeit short), animated graphical adventure set in the backdrop of an apocalyptic future, full throttle touches on the subculture of motorcycle gangs and their steel horses. it is also…

feature  posted by marshall ratliff, philip jong.


















roberta williams


no adventure game designer had ever achieved the level of success as roberta heuer williams (roberta williams) had. born in 1953, she and her husband ken williams co-founded on-line systems, which later became sierra on-line, when she was only 26. mystery house, which she wrote in 1979, was the first graphic adventure game ever created for the pc. her portfolio of games, spanning over nearly 20…

interview  posted by philip jong.






random picks














pompei: the legend of vesuvius
retro

the city of pompeii immediately conjured up images of the cataclysmic event that took place in august 79 a.d. an earthquake shattered the walls of the city, followed then by the eruption of mount vesuvius. the 20,000 or so inhabitants were buried under some 20 meters of volcanic ash, stones, and pumice. for nearly 1,700 years, the lost city of pompeii was just that—a city lost and entrapped in a…

review  posted by mervyn graham.









about us
join our team
authors' instructions
help
staff
contact us

























rss
atom



join our team!

we need your help! we are now seeking talented gamers to join our team as volunteers to be editors or contributors. no prior experience is required. if you like to write about adventure gaming for this site and see your work read by your fellow adventure game fans worldwide, read our authors' instructions and contact us for further information.



last comments


 in the name of mr. robert is written. it should be ożóg
for danuta sienkowska, robert ożóg

 could somebody take me step by step on the towels
for nancy drew: the white wolf of icicle creek

 just completed mummy on an old win 98 machine. i found the game both more charming and more…
for the mystery of the mummy



staff login









username

password










 


all logos, trademarks, and media related to commercial software are copyrighted by their respective owners. all copyrighted works are reproduced here under the fair use clause. all opinions expressed within are those of the authors alone and do not represent the views of this site. mistakes and inaccuracies are not intentional and cannot be held responsible by this site or its owner. all original materials in this site are copyrighted by adventure classic gaming (www.adventureclassicgaming.com) © 1996-2025 and cannot be duplicated without permission.

31 0.0995 1.6.7 20090211 20250215154101






 


