


build your own cars or racing cars lotus 7 replicas






 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 


 
do you want to build a lotus 7 clone, replica
for road or race  then skip to the sentence in
bold below ?
build your own cars  - a cheap motoring locost
based on lotus 7 motor vehicles designed by colin chapman similar to caterham westfield
race cars or caterham westfield road cars using low cost sheet and cheap steel tubes to
form spaceframes chassis. this self builds motor vehicles lotus 7 clone based on low cost
materials provides a race or road two-seaters open sports cars for a fraction of the cost
of a lotus 7 replica kitcars such as a caterham or westfield . colin chapman being the
originator of the lotus spaceframes unlike kit-cars from caterham westfield cars the
locosts designed by ron champion can be self
built from cheap motoring materials. the spaceframes steel tube chassis used by the lotus
sevens and lotus replicas motor vehicles is used as a base for cheap self build car
building motoring skills. build your own racing car replica cars or two-seater build your
own road car this self builds lowcost option provides cheap motoring open sports cars fun
an addictive hobby. caterham sports cars or westfield kit-cars were not locosts lotus 7
options for ron champion in 1995 when he wanted
to build your own road car so he self built the lowcosts later named the locosts for his
son based on cheap motoring parts using his motor skills from the chassis up an excellent
use for female hobby or hobbies for men. this progressed to self builds your own low costs
racing cars attracting interest from caterham and westfield kit-cars two-seater sports
cars and other kitcars lotus replicas fans. a lowcosts one-make motor racing series for
racing cars followed in 2000 giving locosts and lotus sevens replica cars motor racing
opportunities for youngsters and hobbies for men thanks to colin chapman and ron champion. if it's cheap motoring or just some
hobbies for men then build your own cars or build your own racing car then locosts or low
costs kitcars replica cars lotus 7 building is for you. hours of fun can be had then build
your own road cars or build your own racing car especially considering the tremendous
enjoyment low costs two-seater replica car build your own road car gives to the kitcar and
lotus replicas builder. the future looks excellent for self built lotus sevens kit-cars
replicas or lowcosts racing cars based on this lowcosts model potential to enjoy the hobby
even more. now the serious bit , - apologies if you have just read the above it's
simply there for me to test the search engines i hope it wasn't too non-sensical. please
enjoy the rest of the site where i promise not to mention kit-cars or kitcars , caterham
westfield again - especially the word cheap ! - where else can you enjoy a hobby for
$5  (£3) per hour building something you can be truly proud of ?. 
start from this  (click on image to
explode) :-
                         
    ford escort mkii 1980 model used as donor
                              

 end with this : -
  formula locost -  raced 1999
   
you just need  £1000  ....  $1600
  ....  a$2300
and 600 hours enjoyable effort with lot's of
friends and plenty of patience.   
 
interested ?  - explore further - see how
the money and effort is spent. apologies for the paragraph above - hope you can may some
sense of it ! - i'm using it to test the search engines.
 
approx 250 people have so far visited this site since
4th january 2000
- if this is slow in loading please contact webmaster - click here
 
this page was last updated on sunday february 13, 2000. 

   
  









