




callonwood – callonwood neighborhood – matthews, north carolina



































skip to content



















homenewsprojectscalendarfaqhoa portal (login) 





search











































toggle menu





facebook




search







































neighborhood projects



calendar / events



questions / answers



hoa management(login required)



townhomes management(login required)






news and notices





		2024 annual & budget meeting of members  – december 5, 2024	



an email was sent to callonwood neighbors on november 15, 2024: hello callonwood residents, due to a scheduling conflict, the annual meeting will be held on december 5th, 2024 at 7pm at the community clubhouse, rather than november 21st, 2024. additionally, we have included a nomination form for any callonwood members interested in joining the board of directors, along with a proxy if you are not able to attend. the deadline for submission of nominations and proxies is december 2nd, 2024 at 5pm. please find the annual meeting information here. we apologize for any confusion ...read the full post here 




		indian trail street repaving update – october 25, 2024	



an email was sent to callonwood neighbors on oct 25, 2024: dear callonwood residents, this email is for residents of indian trail. we wanted to share an update on the upcoming street repaving project in our area. as you may have noticed, concrete work has already started, with contractors replacing some curb sections in preparation for the upcoming milling and paving of selected streets. while an exact schedule for the roadwork is not yet available, it is anticipated that milling and paving will begin no sooner than november 11. milling involves grinding down the current pavement to prepare the surface ...read the full post here 




		indian trail developing transportation master plan – august 22, 2024	



an email was sent to callonwood neighbors on august 22, 2024: dear callonwood community, the town of indian trail is currently developing its first transportation master plan, with a focus on identifying and addressing key intersections of concern. three intersections have been identified for improvement based on input from both the consultant's intersection screening and public feedback gathered earlier this year. the town is now seeking additional resident input on these proposed intersection improvements, as well as on proposed amendments to the crtpo’s comprehensive transportation plan. we encourage all residents to participate by taking a brief survey at https://arcg.is/1qqrns. the ...read the full post here 




		armyworms in the neighborhood – august 22, 2024	



an email was sent to callonwood neighbors on august 22, 2024: dear callonwood community, we have recently noticed an infestation of armyworms in the area and have begun treatment in the affected spots (common open space along revelwood, clubhouse next to traffic circle, and woodkirk/aringill common open space). armyworms, which resemble caterpillars, are approximately 2 inches long and can be green, black, or brown in color. these pests pose a significant threat to your lawn, particularly fescue, and can continue to cause damage until the first frost in the fall. the damage can occur rapidly once they hatch, with a ...read the full post here 




guide to the icons and menu above:

news and notices – current news for callonwood & surrounding area.
neighborhood projects – a listing of current and recently completed callonwood projects.
calendar – schedule of neighborhood events and meetings.  hoa and townhome board meetings will be posted on the calendar.
questions / answers – answers to common neighborhood questions

a lot of content from our old site is categorized on this page.


hoa management – access callonwood firstservice residential community portal

my statement, hoa online dues payment, documents, architectural change requests (arc), issues & more.
first service residential is the management company for callonwood single-family homes.  

https://callonwoodhoa.connectresident.com

 24×7 emergency phone:  855.546.9462 


general customer care questions : 704.527.2314 





townhomes management

first service residential is the management company for callonwood townhomes. 

https://callonwoodtownhomes.connectresident.com
 24×7 emergency phone:  855.546.9462
general customer care questions : 704.527.2314 




search – click the menu search icon to search the website.
nextdoor – link to the callonwood group on nextdoor.com.  (click the icon at the top-right corner of this site.)

note: this social media site is not an official callonwood method of communication.  it is not controlled or monitored by the callonwood board.  we link to it here for informational purposes only. 




  
























contacts 







© 2025 callonwood
matthews, north carolina
 











scroll to top
scroll to top
 












home
news
projects
calendar
faq
hoa portal (login)
 

















toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 




