





environmental monitoring – lumcon website






























































skip to content









facebookinstagramyoutubepinterest 

≡menu


home
about

mission and vision
executive director
faculty and staff
management team
consortium
history
reports & newsletters
giving
broader participation


locations

campuses
facilities
visit and directions


research

research areas
faculty

stephanie archer
marshall bowles
kevin du clos
alex kolker
nancy rabalais
guillaume rieucau
brian roberts
havalend steinmuller


research publications
marine synthesis center


education and outreach

overview
marine center programs
blue works programs
public
digital content and activities
expansion and collaboration


vessels

overview
r/v pelican
r/v acadiana
r/v point sur
small boats
r/v gilbert r. mason


resources

overview
library
environmental monitoring
short-term visitor program
scientific diving
experimental facilities


employment










loading...






























environmental monitoringrayj2024-11-15t17:45:29+00:00 
environmental monitoring
view our real-time station dataview our tower camera broadcasts
mission statement
lumcon’s goal is to document and quantify the changing landscape by leveraging high-resolution monitoring in the coastal southeastern louisiana region.  this will include the design and implementation of scientific surveys, monitoring programs, and investigations of the chemical, geologic, atmospheric, and biological environments.
lumcon-generated data
lumcon’s monitoring stations are equipped with meteorological and hydrographic instrumentation. the operational stations collect and archive real-time data. to view our real-time data please click here.
the defelice marine center tower is equipped with cameras that display views north, south, east, and west. to view these please click here.
if you have any questions or concerns or would like information on the instruments we use to gather this data, please email monitoring@lumcon.edu.
view our quality assurance plan        •        view our metadata       •       publication list
the following links will redirect you to ebird.   from ebird you can view bird observation data collected around the marine center by lumcon staff and other ebird members by using the links below.
bird species observed bar charts     •     bird species observed hot spot
ebird is is managed by the cornell lab of ornithology to gather information in the form of checklists of birds, archive it, and freely share it to power new data-driven approaches to science, conservation and education.




 
 





contact lumcon
8124 highway 56
chauvin, la 70344
phone: 985-851-2800
fax: 985-851-2874

 

get involved join our email list
schedule a visit
upcoming events
courses and camps
short-term visitor program

 

donate to lumcon





join our email list 

quick links employment opportunities
fees, policies, and forms
buoy data live broadcast
tower cam live broadcast
diversity and inclusion programs

 

search lumcon.edu










 

 
 
 






© louisiana universities marine consortium
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link















































































































go to top




