






st. thaddeus episcopal church – st. thaddeus episcopal church


























































st. thaddeus episcopal church









new here?










watch online










give










announcements













 











 











 











 































menu

 


about

leadership
calendar
history
work with us


worship

live stream
lay support
service archives


parish life
outreach
formation
mead hall
st. thaddeus home and garden tour

















loving god. 
serving others. 
living our faith 






welcome to st. thaddeus episcopal church in aiken, south carolina. 





at st. thaddeus episcopal church, we invite you to join us in worship and service. all are welcome. though saint thaddeus is an historic church, it remains as active within the community now as it was during aiken’s formative years. the church supports christian education through its episcopal day school mead hall. for over 25 years, the church has continuously served weekly meals to those in need. saint thaddeus is also active in the wider church through its membership in the episcopal diocese of upper south carolina and the episcopal church. if you are looking for a church home, consider making our home yours.  





service schedule 



sunday at 7:45 am – holy eucharist (rite i)sunday at 9:00 am – holy eucharist (rite ii, contemporary music)sunday at 11:15 am -holy eucharist (rite ii, choir & organ)wednesday at 11:30 am – holy eucharist with prayers for healing in the chapel of the holy apostles 







 










 








 








 












 






contact 



st. thaddeus episcopal church125 pendleton st., s.w.aiken sc 29801803.648.5497 






facebook-f
 



vimeo-v
 



envelope
 










sign up for news & events 



first name *last name *email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe toacs master email for constant contact example: yes, i would like to receive emails from st. thaddeus episcopal church. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact









 





 










copyright ©2024 st. thaddeus episcopal church. all rights reserved. design by alive media. 




 

 




























