



walk in coolers and freezers by barr refrigeration



















































keeping it cool since 1978

monday-thursday: 7am-5pm ct
 (888) 661-0871













				menu
			


coolers & freezersback coolers & freezerswalk in coolerscoolers with floorwalk in freezersfreezers with floorcombo unitsportable refrigerationdrive-in coolers freezersdoorsrefrigeration equipmentback refrigeration equipmentmedium temp systemslow temp systemscondensing unitsevaporatorscompressorsblast freezingcold storage panelssurplusback surplussurplus equipmentequipment removal

 888-661-0871
hablamos español









walk in cooler suppliers





the world's largest inventory of commercial refrigeration since 1978
 
view inventory 





over 6,500 cold storage panels in stock!

five sizes ready to ship  





always in stock!






all size walk-ins 
ready to ship today!
see our inventory  








			your browser does not support the video tag.
		




browse popular categories





							coolers & freezers
						






							cold storage panels
						






							refrigeration equipment
						






							portable refrigeration
						















walk-ins
we offer the best warranty, quality and price in the business! most inventory is in stock and ready to ship today!

view inventory 










we do removals
the barr cooler and freezer removal team is professional, fast and thorough in removing refrigeration equipment in your time frame. we have crews nationwide ready to tackle any size project. no job too big or small.

learn more 










industrial shelving
add industrial shelving to your walk-in or warehouse. barr offers a huge selection of new and used tear drop style pallet racking at the best prices. best of all, your items can ship with your refrigeration saving on shipping costs.

shop pallet racking 









testimonials
what our clients say about us.
at barr refrigeration, we take great care in what we do. our attention to detail and the quality of our service is reflected in the satisfaction of our customers. below are just a few of the nice things people have said about us.







amazing company. i was tasked with having a cooler built for our company, having no prior experience in refrigerated rooms myself. barr walked me through this process and supplied all the drawings, panels, and material for our cooler. huge shout out to jacob for his patients and expertise in answering my seemling endless questions to learn about my project, helping me all the way to it's completion.
kristal klafadsi logistics









barr is a leader in freezer/refrigeration. a first class company, they are professional, and well staffed. the product is fantastic and gets the job done. highly recommended.
jim tunisfarren international









great price and service!
gonzalo pridamultimodal logistics inc.









i cannot express how absolutely professional, trustworthy, and will do whatever it takes barr inc is. i recently had to move my business quickly, i needed two indoor walking cooler boxes shipped almost immediately. i had never used barr before, but every company i called in my search for in stock units said you need to call barr. therefore i did. i ended up with two boxes, on time, nothing damaged with time to spare. my refrigeration guys had never worked with barr panels before. but they were impressed. so much so, they called the owner of their business to come look at them. secondly, i needed to convert a 48ft refrigerated semi trailer to all electric. barr engineers calculated the btu load, in south louisiana heat, and were spot on with the sizing of the evaporators and condensing unit. we cranked that unit on in 102 degree heat in august and the trailer pulled to temp within a hour. all in all, i cannot say enough about this company. if you need cooler boxes, evaporators, whatever, i can highly recommend them without hesitation. this is a first class operation and when no one else had the equipment, they did at a fair price and high quality.
thomas spedalespedales florist inc









we have purchased and installed many walkin coolers over the years from many manufacturers and last month we needed more refrigeration in one of our kitchens. barr was the only place in the us that had a large cooler box in stock! the transaction was the smoothest we have ever had and the cooler was at our door 1000miles away in 4days after payment! cooler box was not quite as nice as aircooler or us cooler but it is still a nice commercial cooler and we give the over all 5stars!!!
ingallinas box lunch









have done business with these folks on three occasions. they don't oversell you and their customer service is second to none.
gene barzizzaforest hill grill









good honest people!
cody bergkampmexico foods inc.









paul, 
just a quick note to say thank you. i'm very pleased with our cooler door and the refrigerator equipment. our hvac guy that installed the equipment kept saying what a nice setup it is with everything included. it runs like a top... 75 degrees down to 35 degrees in 80 minutes. thanks again, 
don g.









todd,
thank you for making this process so easy. as a business owner who provides customer service, we have been extremely satisfied with the customer service we have received so far.  after the process of purchase and install is complete, i'd be happy to leave a positive review for barr inc. so others know.
kind regards,
brandon c.









hello jim, i wanted to write to say thank you for your help and support on my walk-in. the unit arrived in great condition and went together with no problems at all, it was actually almost a pleasure to put it together. 
little toad creek inn & tavern









i had a great experience with purchasing my walk-in cooler. i purchased a used cooler with a new compressor. the used cooler was in great condition and went together very quickly and easily. customer service was great.
hunter davis









great group of people at barr inc. very happy with the service i received, from their sales department to shipping department. all very friendly!
john dine









everyone at the barr group was very helpful and knowledgeable. my order was processed in a timely manner and ahead of schedule.
kevin daughrity









we have been buying from barr inc for all our walk-in installations since 2001. reliable and excellent service!
wally poon









massey fish co has been extremely pleased with barr inc.'s service. our last purchase was a very big investment for our company, they were very patient and helpful while we were securing finances. their staff was very helpful with any of our technical questions. great company, highly recommended!
jamie massey









we have been buying freezer doors from barr for several years and have always been satisfied with their services. typically shipped next day and well packaged to prevent shipping damage.
mike alecock









on target every time!
we have expanded our main plant several times and have built 3 satellite locations - barr has assisted us with each and every project. the attention to detail, rapid turn-around, excellent service and punctual follow through have been the keys to our loyalty.
sam m.





view all 







need a quote?
request quote 








products

coolers & freezers
refrigeration equipment
cold storage panels
surplus



site

home
contact us
testimonials
faq



resources

financing
job opportunities
document library
(888) 661-0871
follow us on facebook! 







© 2008 - 2025 barr, inc.
follow us on facebook! 









