





crisanda papillons & affenpinschers™










crisanda papillons & affenpinschers™
~ where quality dogs are a must...~~ akc breeder of merit ~ 
~ home of multiple toy group winner & placer ~ 
~ producing four decades of akc breed champions, performance & obedience titled winners ~ 



home
contact info
beware of scams!!
bespotted savannahs
breeder of merit
references







crisanda papillons
beware of scams!!
availability
pca breeders list
papillon update
papillon gallery
notable papillons
notable females
notable males
show papillons
2015 show dogs
2015 show results
champions
advertising
helpful papillon information
papillon club of america
pca breeders list
american kennel club
papillon standard
papillons
phalenes
rainbow bridge
in memory
performance horses
no restrictions
kickin' some can
my final romance
raspberry beret

please feel free to contact me should you have any questions. 
you can easily reach me at: 
vickie
crisanda affens
montana
phone: 1(406)661-2300

text: 1(406)661-2300

email:crisandaaffens@gmail.com





welcome to crisanda papillons & affenpinschers...

fifty years of dedicated commitment to the sport of purebred dogs.
" a promising future is most often the result of a legendary past. 
founded on the footsteps of breed legends,looking to a future filled with great promise".






"our 40th year of butterflies is here..."

welcome to crisanda papillons & affenpinschers...


hello, my name is vickie and i am the owner of crisanda papillons & affenpinschers™. i thank you for dropping by today, and 
i welcome you to my large and informative site! i have been told by many, many visitors that my website is user friendly, and beautiful. 

thank you, i just happen to agree! 
crisanda's beautiful logos are the creation of my dear friend:
julie baldani photography



i am an akc breeder of merit with the american kennel club, a pca judges education mentor, and
i have been a member in good standing with the papillon club of america since 1984, and the affenpinscher club of america since 2013.
i also belonged to the columbine papillon club based in colorado 
while it was still active. 

i have shown and titled numerous breeds of dogs in both breed and obedience since 1978, 
but have been exclusively breeding and showing papillons since 1982 and affens since 2013. 

i have served on several pca committes throughout the years; 
pca je mentor, pca color comittee, pap talk committee, serving as a regional reporter, proof reading advertisements,
and the pca reflections committee. 

i am the list moderator/owner of an on-line group; 
the original phalcne list(founded 1998), and i'm a member of about twenty more! 



the beautiful papillons that grace the pages of this website took over 50 years of pedigree 
research, skill, knowledge, heartache and dedication,and as a result crisanda was able to produce lovely, typey papillons crisanda was known for.  
 
		

©vickie ehrlekrona ~ crisanda ~ 



all rights reserved

		 

		©2011-2025



website photo credits: 
current banner photos taken by vickie ehrlekrona
julie baldani photography










"when a breeder is willing to lower their standards they ultimately  
produce the quality of dog they deserve; thus having compromised everything".
  ©vickie ehrlekrona
~ crisanda ~


 crisanda affens™
our home
about me
member of aca
akc breeder of merit
my breeding philosophy
pca judges education mentor
gallery
notable males
notable females
availability
puppies
application
terms & conditions
warranty
deposits
papillon gallery
notable papillons
notable females
notable males
helpful affen information
affenpinscher club of america
health testing
affen breed standard
affenpinscher wins 2013 wkc
meet the breeds
breeder referral
affen rescue

