
























































layne — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































layne67
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














layne67







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







recent entries

friends entries

calendar

memories









 





layne
layne







links
the impalpable ash  /  shirebound's stories  /  elenya's fanfiction archive  /  olitz fics  /  eye on everything  /  birthdays  /  photobucket  /  dreams in blue  /  strange as news from bree  /  rovers04  /  my fics  /  j2 fic recs  /  spn fic recs :.wincests  /  spn fic recs : wincests 2  /  spn fic recs : sam, dean - gens  /  anderson cooper  /  john's journal  /  spn fic recs : dean, castiel



january 2023










1
















2
















3
















4
















5
















6
















7

















8
















9
















10
















11
















12
















13
















14

















15
















16
















17
















18
















19
















20
















21

















22
















23
















24
















25
















26
















27
















28

















29
















30
















31
















 
















 
















 
















 

























                        tue, jan. 31st, 2023 04:41 pm
                        







last of us had me crying like a baby. again.this image will stay with me for a long, long time.the end scene was what really got to me ... right at the end. and the song omg. seriously, one of the best ever.( *cries*collapse )tags: last of us, pedro pascal, tv 















                        fri, jan. 20th, 2023 05:23 pm
                        







last of ustake a bow, pedro pascal.( read more...collapse )tags: lou, pedro pascal, tv 

















                        fri, sep. 2nd, 2022 11:03 am
                        







it's too muchfirst the dragons.now the rings!and young!elrond was young!ned stark - i'm beyond excited!!tags: dragons!, got, lotr, rings!, tv current mood:  ecstatic10















                        sat, aug. 27th, 2022 05:29 pm
                        







and now i can't get this song out of my headi was not that much of a fan of rick astley back then, but i knew of ( and enjoyed ) his songs esp *that* song. so it was such a lovely surprise to suddenly see this on my news feed. what an awesome "now and then", "recreation" thingie and to see him after all these years ( i didn't follow his career ) is like a reunion of sorts lol.been watching that many, many times and like someone said in the comments, the person who did that ad deserve a raise!and what a coincidence. i was still on a rickroll-high ( ha!! ) when this came up on ted lasso. so unexpected but so awesome! any fans of rick astley here? :dtags: rickroll 4

















                        sat, aug. 21st, 2021 01:18 pm
                        







this is the wayit's been a while since i'm this invested in a tv show or a character but the mandalorian got me hook, line      and sinker ( or helmet, blaster and beskar steel i should say ).the show had been aired a couple of years before. i didn't watch it then, for some reasons i thought the series was a cartoon? and also, while i enjoyed the movies, i'm not a hard-core fan.but they're airing it again and they showed those trailers with the mando-baby!yoda scenes and i thought baby!yoda looked exquisitely adorable and my son wanted to watch it ( he was away in boarding school when the show first aired ) so we watched the first episode and i found out that pedro pascal was mando and i was like whattttttt??? why didn't i know *that*????so yeah, thoroughly and utterly invested in mando and grogu now and i find myself reading-up on the empire and jedi and the new republic. still not into the whole star wars movies yet but if they made a new one with the mandalorian in it? count me in, because that. is the way.this is the image that got me.tags: mando is the way, pedro pascal, star wars, tv 10

















                        sun, feb. 28th, 2021 01:02 pm
                        







i'm enjoying wandavision very, very much. and they were not even my favourite avengers! they certainly are now. oh, you clever, brilliant writers, how you put me on the edge of my seat! it didn't start that way though. as one reviewer said - it's a slow march from sitcom to horror. i even rewatched age of ultron and oooohed and sighed when wanda and vision came on screen. lol who would have thought :danyone else watching it?tags: tv 4

















                        wed, feb. 3rd, 2021 04:03 pm
                        







as seen everywherei'm asking those who love the outdoors to post a picture on your page. a picture that you took. just a pic. no description. the goal is to regain peace and harmony without negativity. please copy the text, put a picture on your page, and let's look at these beautiful pictures.tags: meme, outdoors, pic 7















                        sun, jan. 24th, 2021 09:29 pm
                        







it's a birthday!hope it's been a good one!birthday hugs,laynetags: birthday 1

















                        sun, mar. 29th, 2020 04:31 pm
                        







to a dear friendto shireboundhappy birthday janet!!!!tags: birthday 2















                        mon, mar. 9th, 2020 04:17 pm
                        







i watched this yesterday. it's eerie the way the current crisis follows that script. i just hope that it won't get to that extent *shudders*tags: health, movie 2

















                        wed, feb. 5th, 2020 05:00 pm
                        







new squee ( haha haven't used that word for quite some time ).anyone here watching succession? i've been mainlining it for the past week and now i'm just starting on season 2. it's soooooo good and i need someone to talk to about kendall and shiv and rome and connor and the rest. anyone? :dddtags: tv 

















                        thu, oct. 10th, 2019 03:54 pm
                        







do you often shop online for clothings and shoes? you know, they looked so pretty when worn by those ( pretty ) models but not so much when worn by yours truly. and you would have thought i'd have learnt my lesson ( after quite a number of bad buys ) but nooooo, i still think that they'd look the same on me as they did on the models *sighs*  and returning them is such a hassle that  i almost never did that. on a more cheerful note, there's a new nancy drew the tv series yay! ( yes, i'm 25 ). the reviews don't seem to be all that good but i'll still watch it because it's nancy drew! i grew up reading all her books!my favourite nancy drew is pamela sue martin. for me, she'll always be the nancy drew ( as she'll always be the fallon carrington ). and apparently she'll guest star in the first episode?tags: nancy drew, shopping online, tv 10

















                        tue, apr. 30th, 2019 03:58 pm
                        







and another birthday!dear casey <3happy birthday!!lots of love,layne xxxtags: birthday 1















                        tue, apr. 30th, 2019 03:39 pm
                        







it's a birthday!to shadowc44happy birthday!!!!!!much love,layne xxxtags: birthday 

















                        wed, apr. 17th, 2019 03:17 pm
                        







final seasonand they only have six episodes???? *cries*( spoilers. obviously.collapse )talking about hugs, these two win the prize for best hugs of westeros hands around jon down.oh robb!i teared up each and every time i saw this.on to episode 2!tags: game of thrones, jon snow 14















                        fri, mar. 29th, 2019 01:03 am
                        







yayy it's a birthday!quick! the birthday girl is here, where's the cake???? she's here, she's here!happy birthday shirebound!! many happy returns of the day!!tags: birthday 1

















                        fri, oct. 5th, 2018 04:36 pm
                        







has anyone here watched gracepoint? or broadchurch?i've just finished watching gracepoint and i absolutely love it! then i googled up broadchurch, the original british version of gracepoint. and it seemed like a lot of people, the ones who had watched broadchurch first, did not like gracepoint.totally understandable. i probably would have felt the same way if i had watched broadchurch first ( i watched a few scenes of bc on youtube and they were *exactly* the same as in gp. makes you wonder why they made gracepoint in the first place, but i for one, didn't mind a bit! ).as it is, i really, really like gracepoint  and think that anna gunn totally rocked. nick nolte was super awesome in it too. as for david tennant, he made me want to watch dr who!!i'm now starting on broadchurch season 2. it takes some getting use to, seeing ellie miller being played by someone else and i do wish there's more of gracepoint but apparently they made that as a "limited series". i miss seeing anna gunn as her! one thing about broadchurch though, i thought it kind of odd listening to the american version of detective miller calling her boss "sir" but it sounded ok when the british version did it!for those who had watched gracepoint, did you get any twin peaks vibe from it? :)tags: gracepoint, tv 13

















                        fri, sep. 21st, 2018 11:23 am
                        







it's a birthday!to lbiloverhappy birthday, ellen!♥♥♥tags: birthday 1

















                        wed, may. 2nd, 2018 04:55 pm
                        







it's a birthday!i hope it's a great, glorious one! ♥tags: birthday 5















                        tue, apr. 24th, 2018 04:27 pm
                        







the tears in the finale.i got rather emo last night, watching the last episode of the final season of bones *sniffs*but it was a good end. bittersweet, yes, but good. though for a moment i really thought they were going to kill off everybody when they found the double ( triple? ) bombs in the jeffersonian. that would have been horrible.i love it when they end a show after a good long run with a great episode and everything all tied up nicely.house had been good, love that final swan song. fringe was good too, even though i didn't quite like the final season. coming up - scandal. i'm still many episodes behind the final one, i'm savouring the last few , trying to make them last as long as possible.and game of thrones final season also coming up.though for that i'm bracing myself for the worst. hope for the best but expect the worst etc etc.bye brennan. bye booth. bye everyone. i'm going to miss you all.tags: bones, tv 2









recent entries

friends entries

calendar

memories









 


































