
notice:  function _load_textdomain_just_in_time was called incorrectly. translation loading for the wordpress-seo domain was triggered too early. this is usually an indicator for some code in the plugin or theme running too early. translations should be loaded at the init action or later. please see debugging in wordpress for more information. (this message was added in version 6.7.0.) in /home/freeflashlogoscom-11884/public_html/prod/wp-includes/functions.php on line 6114










free flash logos - online company logo design














































skip to content






 
free flash logos
online company logo design



toggle navigation






home
contact me












 
free flash logos
online company logo design


toggle navigation







home
contact me






 





home 

home 
















may 14, 2019



the 3 best online tools for generating logos automatically
by hilltonda

in tools





if you want a good looking logo, you might think to try making one yourself, or paying a graphic designer to make one for you, but both of those options might take some time, and can get expensive. what if you just want a decent logo now, cheaply or for free? luckily there are many tools online for generating logos for a sex finder app, that let you enter your company’s name, chose from some simple options, and have a logo within minutes. i’ve reviewed many of these tools, and found which ones are the best.
hatchful by spotify
https://hatchful.shopify.com
this tool is my favorite. it’s free, easy to use, and doesn’t try to force a premium version on you. shopify created this tool so its sellers could quickly create high quality logos for their stores and social media presence, but you don’t need to be a shopify customer to use it. the process is quick, and you end up with something that looks good and fits your brand, and they deliver to you by email a zip folder with different versions of the logo suited towards different uses on your site or social media profiles.
the options are somewhat limited, but it’s nice to use and the results can be great. for options with more flexability, check out the rest of the list.
designhil logo maker
https://www.designhill.com/tools/logo-maker
the process of generating a logo is similar, but a bit longer and more involved than hatchful. there are more options to chose from, and a bit more variety at the end with this one, however it is not free to save your logo, but the prices are reasonable, starting at $20 for one logo. you can try it out and see the final result before you pay.
logomakr
home
this is a different kind of logo maker than the last two. it has an interface more similar to photoshop or illustrator, rather than a guided process. you can search through many icons, draw shapes, choose your fonts and colors, and lay everything out exactly as you want. this may be a happy medium between starting totally from scratch and using something that completely does the job for you. this one will let you download the full resolution version of your logo for $20, but will let you download a lower resolution version for free.

 


may 13, 2019



tips for creating a memorable logo for your website
by hilltonda

in logo designer, logo maker, tools




one of the most integral parts of forming a successful website is to create a memorable logo. even if your customers don’t notice it, they will subconsciously remember your logo, and it will make them want to come back. logos are an essential part of every business, and you should take the time to develop yours so that it is memorable, beautiful, and says what you want it to about your company. it is the visual connection between your brand and your users, so be diligent about how you want it to identify you to your customers. here are a few tips you can use to craft your own logo or to discuss with your design team to develop it. 
keep it simple
you’ll find that one of the easiest ways to make your design process less stressful and more meaningful is to embrace simplicity when it comes to your logo design. some of the best and most memorable logos are incredibly simple; just take a look at apple or nike, for example. the apple and swoosh logos are so simple but have become so iconic that practically everyone could look at the logo and know what company it is. simple designs also work well for different applications and use, making your logo easily adaptable. to keep your logo as simple as possible, you should use no more than four words (30 characters), three or fewer colors, one design effect, and also avoid thin elements for type and artwork.
consider colors
colors are an important part of the logo that no designer should overlook. colors can draw in the attention of viewers, and you can use colors to say something about your brand and your website. logos that make good use of color tend to work in either full color or single-color applications, and stick to a simple color palette of no more than three colors. bold color choices can also help, but remember not to overdo it.
flexibility
creating a memorable logo also means that you need to create a logo that is flexible in the number of iterations it can have. the color accents used on your website, for example, and the font for the main logo should remain the same in the other versions of the logo, which are typically smaller. if you use grey letters for your logo with a white background on your website and use green accents throughout, you could incorporate this into various iterations of the logo by keeping the green, white background, and maybe one grey letter. by using the same typography and colors, the user makes a connection to your full logo and website. you should also consider if your logo, no matter what size, will work over an image, can add a tagline to it, work on labels for products, and if you have an icon version for mobile devices. 
don’t follow trends
a key aspect you should consider when designing your website logo is to think of longevity and future use. trends are what’s hot now, but won’t always withstand the test of time. it’s easy to fall prey to the intricate designs you see being used today, or finishing touches like gradient, glow, or shadow, but these elements make your design less memorable and can date the design. it’s okay to pick one trendy element and incorporate it into your logo, but using too many won’t make yours memorable. 
test for scalability
this goes hand-in-hand with creating a flexible design. scalability is a critical aspect of any logo because it can appear on anything besides the web if you decide to take it from online to physical products. they should be recognizable on both tiny and large scales and be easy to read.

 


may 13, 2019



3 tools for creating a great logo
by hilltonda

in logo maker, tools




from one graphic designer to another, i’d like to tell you this; you’re using the wrong tools. no iphone app will ever compare to the power you can get when you use the right tools.countless new graphic design tools are flooding the market every day, so pinpointing the best can present itself as quite the challenge – but that sure didn’t stop me from handing them over. let’s get into it, guys.
photoshop
adobe photoshop: one of the most well-known pieces of software ever gifted to the people of earth. photoshop is actually so popular that 94% of all graphic designers (as far as i know) use it every single day- i know i do.photoshop give you several abilities that just drawing free-hand never could. i mean, i get that there are rulers out there, but creating a piece with photoshop saves you tons time. the only downside to owning and operating adobe photoshop is the fact that you’ll probably have to watch about 30 hours of tutorials before you find a slide grasp on it.the guess the only other thing you should know about photoshop is that it is expensive – like 25 dollars a month: expensive. that might sound a little bit too expensive for the average novice, but if you are serious about your career in the way that so many others before you have been, you should consider getting a source of steady income to pay for your new career path. it’ll be worth it, i promise.
proofhub
up next, we have proofhub. it’s a system designed with project management in mind. we all know that working on a big project can be time-consuming, collaboration with a team is key to designing a logo that really pops. even if you’re designing a logo all by yourself, it’s hard to stay in contact with your clients when you have to use imessage or some other similar communication app.proofhub saves you time and energy that you would be otherwise be spending attempting to communicate with your team members. i can’t even begin to tell you how many hours i’ve spent trying to set up an effective form of communication between my team members and myself.when it comes to graphic design, communication is key; that’s why proofhub is a must-have for anybody in the creative field. don’t believe me? go ahead and check it out for yourself!
adobe illustrator
photoshop is great and all, but adobe illustrator is probably the deadliest weapon in the graphic design arsenal. if you’re serious about making logos for a living, then illustrator should be the first thing on your shopping list. its kind of like photoshop, except every single feature, is dedicated specifically with graphic designers in mind.honestly, purchasing the entire creative cloud package is the best way to go, but it can be pretty costly if you aren’t getting a steady source of income. also – if you’re a student, it’s actually a whole lot cheaper than the original price – so that’s nice.

 


july 30, 2018



here’s how to maintain a meet and fuck relationship
by hilltonda

in logo maker, tools



if you’re lucky enough to have found yourself in a friends with benefits relationship or even a meet n fuck relationship, you’re probably wondering how to hold on to it, right?
of course you are. a friends with benefits relationship is like a long-term relationship but without the commitment, the pressure and the expectations. they’re a way of maintaining a healthy sex life without having to worry about all the added baggage that comes along with it.
however, friends with benefits relationships aren’t for everyone. it’s not easy for some people to put aside their emotions while they enjoy a vigorous sex life, which is totally understandable. physical intimacy by its very nature produces intense emotional responses, so having to ignore these feelings can be a difficult task.
but if you keep the following things in mind during your friends with benefits relationship, you’ll both get the most enjoyable experience possible.
keep your expectations in check
there’s a very clear line between casual sex and exclusive dating. with the former, you don’t get a say in your partner’s activities outside of your time together. with the latter, you do.
providing you’re okay with the fwb setup, it’s important to understand that you may have to share your fuckbuddy with other people. you will only survive a friends with benefits situation if you’re content that your relationship is transient by its very nature, and gives you no jurisdiction over their extra-curricular activities.
it’s normal for a little jealousy to creep in now and again, but you need to be able to handle it.
be open about your emotions
just because you’re fuckbuddies doesn’t mean you can’t have a healthy line of communication between you. be honest with your fwb about exactly why you’re only interested in a casual sex relationship and nothing more. this avoids any possibility of your partner believing that you may progress to anything more, or vice versa.
keep it as sex-only as possible
pillow talk will be commonplace if you spend enough time in the bedroom, but once your fwb arrangement transcends the boundaries of sex, you risk straying into relationship territory. if you speak to each other every day, you’re only going to get annoyed or upset when your fwb is busy or can’t reply. at this point, it stops being a friends with benefits relationship and becomes a regular relationship – something neither of you signed up for.
prepare for the inevitable end
unless your fwb blossoms into a full-blown relationship, there’s only one other route it can go. fwb relationships tend to have short lifespans, meaning you’re going to end up breaking a few off in your time.
but it’s important to remember that there’s a reason why a fwb relationship will end. if one person develops feelings for the other, then it’s a good idea to call the relationship off and find solace elsewhere. if this does happen, remember not to blame yourself or the other person for the way the end result. don’t take it personally and respect yours and theirs emotional boundaries.

 


november 11, 2017



3 do’s and don’ts of affiliate marketing
by hilltonda

in logo designer, tools



for you to be successful when trying to incorporate affiliate marketing into your career or a side job to have an extra inflow, you must understand how it works. there are various tips available, but it’s important to realize what you should and should not do when deciding how to go about it all.
1. do use credible sources:
if you’re choosing to focus on sharing a link to various sites and sources make sure that they are credible. working with successful sites or posting the information about the product somewhere that’s familiar with your audience will give you a higher success rate.
there are many of times where certain sites look like they contain viruses or just flat out look like spam, so it’s best to refrain from looking like a scam. many people use yahoo answers or google blog sites to display their link to their product while captioning something enticing to catch their audience’s attention.
2. don’t rely on shortcuts:
one thing about affiliate marketing is that you do have to be patient. there are success stories of posting a link and waking up to a large revenue, but that doesn’t happen every time. wishful thinking will only end up disappointing you so instead take a step back and let it all work out for itself. not saying that you should post one link and stop being proactive, but instead try various outlets and ways for you to see progress but understand that this entire process takes time.
if your only strategy is posting a link to one credible site, there is no guarantee you will have a heavy cash flow within days, weeks or even months. sometimes it takes time for your link to be considered credible or the product to be in high demand so don’t consider affiliate marketing a ‘get rich quick scheme. take this approach seriously and realistically, so you’re not overly frustrated when you aren’t receiving the results you were hoping for.
3. do try different strategies:
many different strategies and approaches are used when starting off your affiliate marketing journey. unless you’ve had your trial and error experiences, it all be best to research all your options to find the one that best fits you. whether you want to create a website, pay a credible site, or post links to various sources, it’s important to try multiple strategies to see which one will work best with your schedule and personality.
affiliate marketing can be aggressive and time-consuming if your primary focus and source of income are relying on expanding your shares.
take these tips into consideration before taking affiliate marketing for dating head on because it is crucial to avoid any unnecessary mistakes when getting started.
depending on your strategy, it’s important to understand and accept the risks and guarantees beforehand rather than learn the hard way with any money that is out of pocket.

 


may 13, 2014



top 5 logo designers on fiverr
by hilltonda

in logo designer, logo maker




fiverr is a website that allows freelance artists to find clients for as little as five dollars. that’s right – some of the people on the site are willing to do just about anything for five dollars, which can make for some pretty entertaining content.  and while some of the “artists” on fiverr are a complete joke, the graphic design community is full of some pretty impressive stuff. let’s break down which five fiverrs are worth of the title; “the best.”
magisworks
this phillipino man by the name of “magisworks” is a master of his craft. for as little as five dollars, anybody can contact him and ask him to design tow professional logos for you. if you don’t like them, you can always send them back and ask for them to be redone for five dollars. just a fair warning; if you think you’re going to get a logo you like from him on the first try, you’d be wrong. the very nature of graphic design revolves around tweaking, changing, and remaking the piece until the client is satisfied with the final product. magiswork knows this, and so he charges the measly five dollars time and time again. but by the looks of his work, you can tell that he’s professional and highly skilled. not just any fool can learn photoshop and create complex simplicity in every logo – but apparently, magisworks can. 
fahmihaz
while users like magisworks can create some truly unique pieces, he tends to take a decent amount of time to get back to you. this user (fahmihaz) is the exact opposite, in all of the right ways. his work is professional-looking enough to pass for your newly-found business. in some cases his work is indistinguishable from a highly trained professional, but in others it looks like someone passed out on the keyboard with the photoshop window open.  the best part about fahmihas is his response time. this guy could receive a request for a five dollar logo at 3 pm and have it sent to your by 4 – he’s quicker than quick. so, if you need your logo designed and ready for a “workflow” meeting, you can always hit up fahmihaz for a quick (and cheap) sketch!
i_am_best
ok, when i said we would find out who the best really was, i meant to say it was this guy. his work is unparalleled in the fiverr design community, and his reviews are insane. he has some of his best work on display when you go to his homepage that will blow you away.  another way i_am_best proves that he really is the best is by making “unlimited revisions” available on all orders. that means that he’ll be able to create a rough idea of the logo for five dollars and he will spend hours of his own time perfecting the logo until it has all the qualities you desire. in a world where everyone is overpaying for their services, it’s nice to know that some peop

 


august 14, 1017



a brief history of how flash became obsolete
by hilltonda

in logo maker, tools




it is 2017 and flash is officially dead. there was once a time where you had to opt in to use adobe flash to experience almost any website in its full glory, however that earlier, simpler time has now past and this script is virtually obsolete.
it is however very impressive how flash went from one of the most used plugins on the internet to basically an extinct species. there were several factors that contributed it flash’s untimely demise, all of which finally coming together so strike a fatal blow to the plugin.
here is a brief history on how adobe flash became completely and utterly obsolete:
• security issues:
one of the biggest issues with flash was how flawed it’s security protocols where. there were so many holes left unchecked in their security to where in some cases it lead to user’s computers being controlled by hackers.
if someone is scared to use your plugin for fear of the life of their laptop then you probably have a problem on your hands.
• accessibility:
mozilla and apple took some serious steps to make it extremely difficult for users to see banner ads that were run by flash. you already have to opt in to use flash but with firefox and safari it was increasingly difficult to see ads made with flash.
and if consumers can’t see adds, companies are going to see a dip in traffic and profit. when their profit dips they’re going to change something about their advertising campaign. and when they change their ad campaign they’re probably going to create ads that do not utilize flash. and when less people are using flash, adobe gets hit.
firefox forces users to opt in to see animations build in flash with each user encounter. chrome does enable flash by default but will soon release a version of chrome which will idle flash content when a user is not actively engaging with the content.
this causes a huge problem for advertisers which will be very quick to jump ship if they want to continue to gain ad revenue.
• downloads on downloads:
safari forces users to go out of their way to download the flash plugin and in updates of safari, it has forced people who already have flash to re-install newer versions of flash to view the content made with the plug in.
i would be lying to you if every time i was forced to re-install flash i didn’t fear for my computer’s life. i would check the url over and over again making sure i was downloading from the right site.
this anxiety lead to less and less people downloading the plug in for fear of accidentally downloading malware.
yes, flash was the catalyst for some of the most cutting-edge animations over the course of the computer age. without flash, we wouldn’t have the flashy (ha!) animated advertisements we see today or have had the games we used to waste countless hours at work with. and so, we do have adobe to thank for that, however we have now shifted into an era dominated by html5.

 









blogs updates


the 3 best online tools for generating logos automatically


tips for creating a memorable logo for your website


3 tools for creating a great logo


here’s how to maintain a meet and fuck relationship


3 do’s and don’ts of affiliate marketing


categories

logo designer

logo maker

tools


archives

may 2019
july 2018
november 2017
may 2014
august 1017

pagescontact me
privacy policy















proudly powered by wordpress | theme: spicepress by spicethemes 




















