
















zak martin - world-famous clairvoyant and best-selling author

















zak martin


world-famous clairvoyant, media personality and best-selling author











home









about









reviews









holistic centre









articles









news























irish-born zak martin is one of the world's foremost psychics, a leading figure in the new age movement and a best-selling author of books on psychology and extrasensory perception (esp). he has been featured extensively on tv, radio and in the world press, and is widely acclaimed for his powers of psychic detection and criminal profiling on behalf of police forces throughout the world. 




advisor to the stars



he is personal, creative and career advisor to world-famous pop celebrities, tv personalities and movie stars. an accomplished composer and  musician in his own right, he has advised and collaborated musically and creatively with some of the world's most talented and successful recording artists. he believes that psychic ability, music, art and other forms of creativity are all closely linked. as a child he was a musical prodigy, able to play virtually every instrument expertly, despite never having received musical training of any kind.  


profiler


zak martin made headlines in the uk for his psychic and psychological profiling work with scotland yard, his friendship with princess diana, and his founding of the london psychic centre at baker street, in mayfair. during the time he lived in the uk he was a frequent guest on london's two main radio stations, lbc and capital.

best-selling author

he is author of several books, including quantum perception, a scientific exploration of the mind and consciousness, and the worldwide best-selling guide to psychic growth, how to develop your esp (harpercollins). his books have been published in twenty languages. he has contributed to the growth of public interest in psychic and psychological matters by writing articles, giving lectures and taking part in tv and radio programmes dealing with these topics. he currently lives in granada, in the south of spain.     

anti war activism

zak martin has been actively involved in anti-war activism and advocacy for palestinian independence throughout his life. he founded "recognise palestine," a group campaigning for the recognition of palestine, which has almost 50,000 members. additionally, he created a change.org petition urging google to include palestine in google maps; this petition has been signed by over two million people and has received public support from notable figures such as journalist and filmmaker abby martin, musician roger waters, and pop singer madonna.   

https://www.swissreplicas.co/ replica uhren relogiosreplicas.co fake watches replica watches review https://www.bongsupplyau.com https://www.igetaustralianvapor.com


courses









  





books








zak martin's worldwide best-selling guide to psychic growth, how to develop your esp (harper-collins) is published in eighteen languages, including english, portuguese, spanish,  arabic, persian, hebrew, urdu, swahili, and japanese. over 2 million copies sold in paperback!
"many books can teach you to develop latent psychic powers, but this is one of the best i have read... recommended" prediction magazine

how to develop your esp is now available from amazon in paperback and as a kindle ebook. read reviews.












quantum perception is now available from amazon as a kindle ebook, price $7.50. download it today!in this thought-provoking book, zak martin explores those areas of the mind for which scientists can offer no satisfactory explanation - including prophetic dreams and visions, clairvoyance, and telepathy - and he makes a powerful intellectual argument for their reality. in clear, non-technical language, he examines the implications of recent scientific discoveries - particularly in the field of quantum physics - to our understanding of the mind, consciousness and psychic phenomena, and he arrives at some astonishing conclusions. 



"whether you believe in the paranormal or not, this book will fascinate and astound you." sasha fenton (tv personality and best-selling author)






press comments

all press quotes are genuine, accurate and verifiable. names and dates of publications cited can be found here.






"one of the world's foremost psychics" - bbc
"britain's most gifted psychic - very impressive" - mirror (uk)
"top psychic zak martin..." - star (uk)
"leading psychic to assist scotland yard" - the guardian (uk)
"london's best-known psychic" - time out (uk)


"i didn't believe it until i saw zak work those uncanny powers" - irish independent
"zak martin has an impressive roster of people who trust his powers, having been consulted by police forces all over the world." - london evening standard

"zak martin's prognostics have been remarkably sound" - what's on  (uk)
"charismatic new age guru, zak martin..." - cosmopolitan
"zak predicts - and he's been right so far!" - herald (ireland)
"irish psychic's amazing predictions" - sunday world (ireland & uk)


"britain's best-known clairvoyant - frighteningly accurate"
 - london capital radio
"zak martin, a leading psychic..." - the observer (uk)
"one of the foremost figures in the new age movement" - hot press (ireland & uk)

















new!  -  zak martin is now on facebook. please click the "follow page" button below to stay in touch with this website. 

zak martin




copyright © 2025 zakmar llc (usa) all rights reserved



