




welcome to  reclaim walther














 
reclaiming walther in
               the lcms


















 







home-page




welcome
to
                                our website. if you're new to the lutheran
                                church - missouri synod (lcms), or don't
                                follow what happens in the synod outside of your
                                local congregation, the information on this
                                website may give you new information about your
                                synod, its positions, and its struggles.
may 26, 2012: today we had to move the hosting of this website to the luther quest site. this was done under a tight schedule and chances are good that some links may not work. if you find broken links, please contact the webmaster with the details so we can correct it. thank you for your understanding.

 

c.f.w.
                                walther
was the first
                                president of the lcms and its finest
                                theologian. his theology has been lost in the
                                latter half of the 20th century. we
                                hope to reclaim it. we want to motivate
                                laity and clergy alike to study walther, realize
                                how far the modernists have steered us off
                                course, and correct the trend. basically, we
                                hope to reinstate the doctrine and practice that
                                walther outlined from scripture and the lutheran
                                confession in his book church and ministry.
acknowledgements:
  
                                thank
                                you, concordia
                                historical institute, for your kind
                                permission to allow us to use the photograph of
                                c.f.w. walther from your collection.
**note:
                                if you find a broken link, please email this
                                site's webmaster.





 





fastcounter
      by bcentral
this
      site was established on easter sunday 1999
11/11/04

 










the
                music you're hearing is from c.f.w. walther's hymn, "he's
                risen, he's risen". it's number 198 in the lutheran hymnal
                and number 138 in lutheran worship. the audio file is courtesy
                of lutheran-hymnal.com,
                copyright © 1999 rev. richard jordan, used by permission.
if
                you don't hear any music playing, you may need an audio player
                for your web browser. some of the more popular choices are:


crescendo 

quicktime 

realplayer 

windows
                    media player

tlh-189.mid
 

                 
                 




 

copyright © 2004 [reclaim news]
 
 





