






kosmos journal – journal for global transformation























































 

























































join
login















about kosmos
submit a work
join | donate
podcasts
archive
contact

search









cart





your cart is currently empty. 








 











24 years of conscious publishinggrounded in spirit...sustained by beauty 
a warm welcome from kosmos – the celebrated journal for transformation
now in our third decade, kosmos journal informs, engages and inspires by sharing transformational thinking, practice and policy grounded in spiritual wisdom and aesthetic beauty. we believe a new consciousness is rising, no longer based on greed and competition, but on healing and cooperation in harmony with all life. this profound shift calls us to hospice the era that is passing away and participate in the birth of a new one, guided by principles of interbeing, collective intelligence, and sacred action.
we are heartened to see many signs of this shift happening now and invite you to participate in its unfolding with kosmos.





“in addition to examining and changing our personal inner lives and our cultural values, the conscious activist is challenged to apply this wisdom to strategies that affect the manifest world. we balance action and reflection, working with a fierce heart at all scales from the personal, to local, to national, to global and even kosmic levels.”
— nancy roof, founder of kosmos






































 


sign-up for our newsletter





















our current issue
















volume 25 issue 1beyond conditioned thinking

 
beyond conditioned thinking


welcome to the newest issue of kosmos, 'beyond conditioned thinking'. click here for the full list of features and to read the editorial: "the news of the day can make our heads spin. but what is actually going on when our thoughts spiral like that? we lose our freedom, becoming prisoners of our fear, outrage, and confusion. freedom isn't given to us—not even by our constitution."
	

read more
 
















selected features
















technology
 
have we outsourced our thinking?


by charles eisenstein


artificial intelligence is the culmination of the revolution in information technology that began in the 15th century with the printing press, followed in succeeding centuries by lithography, photography, phonography, and film, each of which extended the mass production of information to a new realm. a review of the cognitive and social effects of those previous technologies will help to illuminate what is crashing upon us in the age of artificial intelligence.
	

read more
 


























commons
 
bioregioning and our felt sense of place


by nate hagens, isabel carlisle, samantha power, daniel christian wahl


a bioregion is a coherent geographical entity—a landscape—not politically defined. it has coherent geology, landform types, fauna, flora, rainfall, and human history. so, there's a coherent story that runs through all these layers. when we think about the kinds of "islands of coherence" we need to move forward as a species, bioregions provide that cultural grounding—what was historically true and what we need for the future.
	

read more
 


























spaceship earth
 
design science: thinking like a planet


by medard gabel and david heeney


design science is different from other problem-solving and planning methodologies in its comprehensive, anticipatory, inclusive, and transparent approaches to the development of solutions. it takes a ‘whole to particular’ approach that is both global in perspective and in its examination of options. it seeks to build capacity rather than merely solve problems and to develop solutions that are transformative rather than merely the reforming of already inadequate systems.
	

read more
 


























cosmogenesis
 
the art of belonging | emergent universe oratorio


by sam guarnaccia, cameron davis, paula guarnaccia


the emergent universe oratorio (euo) is a musical and poetic composition for chorus, orchestra, and orator, of the great story of our vast evolving universe, the new scientific cosmology of our cosmic birth, to galaxies, stars, earth, life, of human emergence and transformation. it is a response to the greatest crisis in the history of humanity, and if we can respond as one thread in the tapestry of living earth, it is also its greatest opportunity.
	

read more
 


























living earth
 
gaia within | choosing care in an unraveling world


by michael gray


time might bring back the coral reefs and provide space for species that are not yet extinct to rebuild their populations. forests could reclaim hillsides while birds, butterflies, and bees construct their nests and hives in their shade. but how can our species survive when we choose leaders who are blind to the living intelligence that created us?
	

read more
 


























mind and wellness
 
softening the rhetoric: what therapy teaches us about social change


by pauline baudon


much of today’s social and climate justice culture focuses on change—yet often skips over the loss that comes with it. it’s okay to grieve what we’re leaving behind, even if it was flawed. it’s okay to feel conflicted. there’s a call for a softer approach to change—one that makes space for paradox, complexity, and the full spectrum of our emotions.
	

read more
 

















our newest podcast 

deschooling dialogues
episode 7 | alnoor ladha with vanessa andreotti

vanessa de oliveira andreotti, is a scholar, activist, organizer, and dean of education at the university of victoria. she is author of hospicing modernity: facing humanity’s wrongs and the implications for social activism

more podcasts of note








the way out is in
with jo confino and brother phap huu 
							
this podcast series is aimed at helping us to transcend our fear and anger so that we can be more engaged in the world in a way that develops love and compassion.  
							 



the beautiful question 
							with scott lennox 
							
as you listen to these intentionally brief podcasts, you can allow yourself the gift of stillness, out of which clarity will naturally arise. you will then be listening to the wisdom of your innate self.  
							 



kosmos live! 
							preparing for profound change 
							
this podcast series, preparing for profound change, explores the shifting global landscape. economic collapse, climate chaos, political upheaval – these may seem like forces to fear, but in fact offer us deep opportunities for transformation.  
							 



sounds of sand 
							science and nonduality 
							
sounds of sand is a podcast from science and nonduality which contemplates and reveres the beauty, complexity, pain, and great mystery that weave the infinite cycles of existence.  
							 



deschooling dialogues 
							with alnoor ladha 
							
a collaboration between culture hack labs and kosmos journal, the first season explores some of the basics of deschooling, including decolonization practices, alternatives to traditional education, discoveries from the edges of social justice movements, and the deep time lessons of indigenous wisdom and knowledge systems. 
							 








contributor spotlight
 





earth4all
author of inner dimensions of systems transformation





isabel carlisle
author of bioregioning and our felt sense of place





michael gray
author of gaia within | choosing care in an unraveling world





john bell
author of it’s time for beloved community circles





rama mani
author of ubuntu in action: the ‘one home journey’ connects in africa





sam guarnaccia
author of the art of belonging | emergent universe oratorio






follow the one home journey on kosmos!
 7 years for 7 generations



trending


the end of human supremacy			arkan lushwalabiodiversity is biosecurity			leen gorissen, phdit’s time for beloved community circles			john bellhave we outsourced our thinking?			charles eisensteinnature’s guide to ending our diet wars			elisabet sahtouris, phdcomposting grief | co-healing with the earth			ruslana remennikovawhen wolves returned to yellowstone –…			randall k. wilson, phdbioregioning and our felt sense of place			nate hagens, isabel carlisle, samantha power, daniel christian wahlsoftening the rhetoric: what therapy teaches us…			pauline baudonlike water and wind | resisting massive offshore…			erica shugart


perspectivesideas that support our ethos
the system within: addressing the inner dimensions of sustainability and systems transformation | club of rome
7 steps back and 7 steps forward (or aside), gesturing toward decolonial futures
4th person: the knowing of the field | otto scharmer and eva pomeroy
the fourteen mindfulness trainings of thich nhat hanh
prefixing the world, jonathan rowson
deep adaptation: a map for navigating climate tragedy, jem bendell
uncivilization: dark mountain manifesto, the dark mountain project
an integral theory of consciousness, ken wilber
deepen your connection
 
kosmos accepts no advertising or sponsored content. 
everything is offered freely.
we rely completely on the support of our readers.
go deeperdonate to kosmosvideo spotlight

at work in the ruins
dougald hine is a social thinker, writer and speaker. after an early career as a bbc journalist, he co-founded organisations including the dark mountain project and a school called home. his latest book is at work in the ruins: finding our place in the time of science, climate change, pandemics & all the other emergencies (2023). 






conversations















feature

the ageless wisdom of nancy roof


by nancy b. roof




























ai and society

the future of “intelligence”


by tam hunt, charles eisenstein, and freely




























resources

‘the grab’ | conspiring to control the world’s food and water


by nathan halverson




























community

trauma and healing for boys and men of color


by jerry tello, jason seals, david bouttavong




























leadership

being leaders | in conversation with christiana figueres


by emelina corrales


















staff selections















sacred activism

summoned by the earth | a story of healing and protection


by cynthia jurs




























film

films for a more sane civilization


by katie teague




























peacebuilding

gaza on my mind


by judy wicks




























inheritance

surrendering wealth


by justine epstein




























reparation

cracks in the wealth extraction system


by chuck collins


















art and beauty















beauty

a wild love for the world


by betsey crawford




























gallery

sy-zy-gy | the close union


by hansa piparsania




























gallery

impermanent and eternal | portraits of tibet


by diane barker




























art

why beauty matters


by scott guyon


















more from kosmos















earth wisdom

the end of human supremacy


by arkan lushwala




























presencing

‘fourth person’ | collective sensing


by c. otto scharmer and eva pomeroy




























values

how well do ‘elites’ understand the metacrisis?


by nate hagens




























sense-making

inner dimensions of systems transformation


by earth4all




























reparation

cracks in the wealth extraction system


by chuck collins


















24
years of conscious
publishing
14,000+
members in
our community
1,900
articles in
our open archive
1.6m
engage with
kosmos
our thought partners
influencers in our ecosystem who inspire us daily.

















































 










copyright © 2025 kosmos associates | 15 north long point lane | rose valley, pa 19063


 


















 














































