

farsight.org












































introductionsubscribe to our free newsletterh o m ewhat is remote viewing?scientific remote viewing (srv)recording uaps/ufossearchcommunication 📡publication datesdeep newsiranian plans for israelpresidential threats 2025the bilderberg meeting of 2024israeli and hezbollah warcelestial projects uaps/ufosorigin of the moonthe mystery of bob lazarthe shootoutufo crashesbase on mars (latest research)secret space programufo fleet over pensacolatumbling ufocloaked mothershipcigar-shaped ufopoliticaltwa flight 800american airlines flight 77israel's future possibilitiesthe next pandemicthe consequencescrosshairs robert f. kennedy, jr.jeffrey epstein murder/deaththe collaboratorsthe disclosure warpresident xi jinping and taiwanhuman leadership has been compromisedvladimir putin and his inner circle2024 election aftermathpresidential meetings with etsenigma of elon muskmystery of nikola teslacoronavirus pandemic originarchaeologyeaster islandtanisnoah's arkthe mystery of puma punkugöbekli tepeeye of the saharathe nazca linessodom and gomorrahreligionbuddhamystery of lao tzupope francis and the vaticanjesus and the crucifixionthe prophet muhammadlucifermoses: beyond exodusra: the "sun god"zeusets:good&badet psyopet presidential manipulatorsairl: alien interviewthe insectoidsthe orionsreality of harveyreptilian moon basegreysessassani resistance movementthe reptilians: here and nowcontrollers of reptiliansreptilian origin in the milky waythe domainashtar command and bases on venus'oumuamua and the bird of preypublic negotiations with extraterrestrialsgalactic federation of worldscydonia, marset newset warwar in heavenannihilation of the dinosaursoperation highjumpearth's defensegalactic defensealiens on iapetus!super soldiers of ceresremote viewing envisioning star warstunguskabattle of dulcethe human conditionthe openai embryowhere we came fromthe death trapsthe escapeet encountersmichael herreracourtney's daughterlacerta filesarea 51roswell ufo crashthe phoenix lightssecret apollo moon missionsclose encounters of the farsight kindreflectionsfree projectshuman news 2023human news 2022human news 2021human news 2020appeal to galactic federation of worldsreturn to the galactic federationappeal to the domain on behalf of earthtime-cross mysteries seriesbase on mars (early research)jfk assassination9/11 projectadolf hitleratlantis (new! revised 2016)martin luther kingjfk afterlifegreat giza pyramidmultiple universesexploding planetcico plus forecastingforcasting methodpast forecasts and analysescico+ introductioncico+ current cryptocurrency forecastsinstructionremote viewing coursesfarsight meditation (free!)the young mastersin-person instructioncrv history and resourcesresourceseight martinis (magazine published by daz smith)missionother resourcesvideosfarsightprime.com (full projects. this is what you want.)farsight (youtube)light sidefarsight chronicles (comic by vic guiza)storesfarsight press (books)farsight's store (merchandise)connectingcorporate structurecontact us introductionsubscribe to our free newsletterh o m ewhat is remote viewing?scientific remote viewing (srv)recording uaps/ufossearchcommunication 📡publication datesdeep newsiranian plans for israelpresidential threats 2025the bilderberg meeting of 2024israeli and hezbollah warcelestial projects uaps/ufosorigin of the moonthe mystery of bob lazarthe shootoutufo crashesbase on mars (latest research)secret space programufo fleet over pensacolatumbling ufocloaked mothershipcigar-shaped ufopoliticaltwa flight 800american airlines flight 77israel's future possibilitiesthe next pandemicthe consequencescrosshairs robert f. kennedy, jr.jeffrey epstein murder/deaththe collaboratorsthe disclosure warpresident xi jinping and taiwanhuman leadership has been compromisedvladimir putin and his inner circle2024 election aftermathpresidential meetings with etsenigma of elon muskmystery of nikola teslacoronavirus pandemic originarchaeologyeaster islandtanisnoah's arkthe mystery of puma punkugöbekli tepeeye of the saharathe nazca linessodom and gomorrahreligionbuddhamystery of lao tzupope francis and the vaticanjesus and the crucifixionthe prophet muhammadlucifermoses: beyond exodusra: the "sun god"zeusets:good&badet psyopet presidential manipulatorsairl: alien interviewthe insectoidsthe orionsreality of harveyreptilian moon basegreysessassani resistance movementthe reptilians: here and nowcontrollers of reptiliansreptilian origin in the milky waythe domainashtar command and bases on venus'oumuamua and the bird of preypublic negotiations with extraterrestrialsgalactic federation of worldscydonia, marset newset warwar in heavenannihilation of the dinosaursoperation highjumpearth's defensegalactic defensealiens on iapetus!super soldiers of ceresremote viewing envisioning star warstunguskabattle of dulcethe human conditionthe openai embryowhere we came fromthe death trapsthe escapeet encountersmichael herreracourtney's daughterlacerta filesarea 51roswell ufo crashthe phoenix lightssecret apollo moon missionsclose encounters of the farsight kindreflectionsfree projectshuman news 2023human news 2022human news 2021human news 2020appeal to galactic federation of worldsreturn to the galactic federationappeal to the domain on behalf of earthtime-cross mysteries seriesbase on mars (early research)jfk assassination9/11 projectadolf hitleratlantis (new! revised 2016)martin luther kingjfk afterlifegreat giza pyramidmultiple universesexploding planetcico plus forecastingforcasting methodpast forecasts and analysescico+ introductioncico+ current cryptocurrency forecastsinstructionremote viewing coursesfarsight meditation (free!)the young mastersin-person instructioncrv history and resourcesresourceseight martinis (magazine published by daz smith)missionother resourcesvideosfarsightprime.com (full projects. this is what you want.)farsight (youtube)light sidefarsight chronicles (comic by vic guiza)storesfarsight press (books)farsight's store (merchandise)connectingcorporate structurecontact us<the farsight instituteremote viewing is a controlled and trainable mental process involving psi (or psychic ability). it is used to transfer perceptual information across time and space.
remote-viewing procedures were originally developed in laboratories funded by the united states military and intelligence services and used for espionage purposes.
the farsight institute is a nonprofit research and educational organization that is dedicated to understanding the remote-viewing phenomenon through the process of scientific experimentation. the most advanced remote viewing on the planet! farsightprime.comsciencefarsight is grounded in science, the science of tomorrow. remote-viewing data are verifiable by statistics and direct observation, the same way data in biology and medicine are evaluated. double-blind and instrument-blinding protocols are used to ensure that the data of the remote viewers are not influenced by external factors.universities and colleges of the futureerror loading videoeducationfarsight is committed to teaching people how to increase their perceptual capabilities. some want to enhance their abilities to navigate daily life activities, and others want to become world class remote viewers. whatever your goal is, farsight is there to guide you, and to show you the heights of possibility.remote viewing 101 - the complete lessonerror loading videoapplicationfarsight trained remote viewers work to demonstrate the extreme possibilies of remote viewing. our viewers go where no human has gone before, across time, across space. there are no limits. farsight does not wonder if there is evidence of life elsewhere in the galaxy. we study the life, watch its wars, examine its dramas, and analyze its threats to humanity. no where on earth is there more drama and excitement than in our farsight mysteries projects.base on mars (definitive updated investigation)error loading videoverificationfarsight is committed to verifying all of our discoveries. concrete examples matter. when our remote viewers perceive extraterrestrial space craft in earth's atmosphere, we also teach people how to make video recordings on demand of those space craft. we do not ask you to believe us. we show you the evidence, and we show you how to replicate that evidence. this is science, not mysticism. farsight is data driven. we show you proof of what we do, and we do not use the word "proof" lightly.reliably recording videos of uap/ufoerror loading videoserviceour full projects can be found on our streaming service: farsightprime.com,
and you can watch our projects on your computer, your phone, or cast
to your flat panel tv using our free apps: android ("farsight" in
google's play store) and apple ("farsight tv" in apple's app store).
our full projects reinterpret the history of humanity. what you learn in
school is not correct. we do not rely on what others tell us. we use
only our own direct observation, using remote viewing and our cameras.
we only ask that you look at the data yourself, and make up your own
mind.farsight pressor kindle versionarticles "remote viewing the future with a tasking temporal outbounder", journal of scientific exploration  "physical and remote viewing evidence of active artificiality on mars", farsight press  see also:  base on mars (definitive updated investigation) < scientific remote viewing®, srv®, and farsight® are internationally registered service marks of farsight, inc. the farsight protocolssm is a service mark of farsight, inc. session analysis machine™ and sam™ are trademarks of farsight, inc. this entire site is copyright © 1996-2025 farsight, inc. all rights reserved.disclaimer url: https://farsight.org 
