






the stella group, ltd |



















about

scott sklar
sklar’s zero-energy home & office
renewable energy demovan


our resources

audio
books
fact sheets

software and calculators
what can i do in my home or office?
what can i do to promote clean energy?


solar development infographic
video


outside resources

databases/websites
laboratories and databases
non-profits
online tools & merchants
regional websites
u.s. government websites


installations

africa
asia
europe
north america
oceania
south america


in the news
contact
 












home
 


select page


  
 
 











tsg specialties:






building-integrated systems








energy load reduction








stand-alone power generation








telecommunications & wireless








utility power augmentation













new sklar publications

puerto rico needs microgrids and private buy-in for reliable energy by scott sklar — 10/04/17 04:40 pm edt his peer-reviewed paper on zero-energy buildings was published on zero energy buildings in 2013, “perspective on multi-scale assets for clean energy technologies... 
read more 








wind turbine

 ever wonder if residential wind turbines are loud or intrusive? this video should put such fears to rest. 
read more 








royal philips to use 100% wind energy

royal philips, a netherlands-based technology company, will use wind energy for all of the electricity used at the company's 133 north american sites by the end of 2016. under a deal with edp renewables north america, royal philips will purchase 250,000 megawatt-hours... 
read more 








city of san diego signs 20-year ppa with sunedison

sunedison and the city of san diego have signed a 20-year power purchase agreement (ppa). under the agreement, sunedison will install 6.6 megawatts of solar systems across 25 city-owned sites in san diego. the solar systems are expected to supply more than 70 percent... 
read more 








detroit zoo goes 100% renewable energy

the detroit zoo has moved to 100 percent renewable electricity to power its royal oak campus operations. detroit zoo has bought renewable energy certificates (recs) through itc holdings corp. itc will supply the recs from electricity generated by wind farms through... 
read more 







energy options:















































the stella group, ltd, is a clean energy technology optimization and strategic policy firm specializing in blending clean, distributed energy technologies and financing for commercial, industrial, governmental, institutional, and mixed-use projects. scott sklar has forty years of experience in the energy sector, including national military and energy policy as a us senate aide, technical performance and standards as acting r&d director at the national center for appropriate technology, and business/financing running (15 years) the solar and biomass industry associations and his own company for 13 years.





scott sklar
owner, the stella group, ltd
scott sklar runs a clean energy technology optimization and strategic policy firm, the stella group, ltd, which he founded in 1995 and came on full time to lead in 1999. read more here.
linkedin




 









designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
















