





startlist = function() {
if (document.all&&document.getelementbyid) {
navroot = document.getelementbyid("sidelist");
for (i=0; ibeau jest moving theatre, boston

















                “a seamless ensemble, handling extremely eclectic material with seeming effortlessness. the snappiest satire since the vintage days of saturday night live... polished to the point of near perfection.” - boston globe
            


news

tickets

about

the company
productions:
in concert
ubu roi
a mall
motion sickness
cardiff giant
krazy kat
8 1/2
war of the worlds
last resort
samurai 7.0
outward bound
remarkable rooming house of madame lemonde
american gothic
ten blocks on the camino real
apt. 4d
wild williams
larry's play
the next beau jest show


video

mailing list

support us

press

home





up next  beau jest presents screwball! for one night only at celebration barn in maine!
more... 
recentbeau jest performedjourney to the center of the stage at the charlestown working theater...   more... 
press"what makes this production enchanting is robinson's willingness to let the various moments play out almost as if we're catching them out of the corner of our eyes" - terry byrne, arts fuse“samurai 7.0” is funny, poetic, and grand. it’s epic. it’s slight. it’s silly. it’s profound. it’s ”samurai 7.0,” and it’s 70 minutes of quietly dazzling invention by beau jest moving theatre...”  - boston globe   “samurai 7.0” is not a version of the movie so much as a sly meditation on how theatre should be inspired by comradeship and artistry rather than money and razzle dazzle.”  - bill marx, wbur radio    more...
about  beau jest is based in boston, where new works are premiered before being toured to theaters, colleges, and festivals around the country. the company also presents the work of other national and internationally known movement theater artists, making beau jest a center on the east coast for the promotion of physical theater.   
more... 


home | news | tickets | about | productions | video | mailing list | support us | contact


                                            beau jest moving theatre |  email: us@beaujest.com
                                            site design by robert deveau




