




honda dealer dallas, texas | john eagle honda of dallas






























































































skip to main content




new honda models in dallas - features, specs & inventory










call us: (214) 646-1564 




5311 lemmon avenue
directions
dallas, tx 75209 














john eagle honda of dallas









new vehicles




shop new honda



all new honda inventory




new honda hybrid/ev 




new honda suvs




new honda cars




new honda specials




honda ev education



research



understanding evs




value your trade




sell us your car





select a new honda model










used vehicles




shop used vehicles



all used inventory




featured used vehicles




vehicles under $20,000




luxury used vehicles




low mileage vehicles




value your trade




sell us your car



shop used honda



all used honda 




certified used honda




hondatrue certified



shop by body style



shop used cars




shop used trucks




shop used suvs





 










finance & leasing




finance



apply for financing




finance center




honda lease center




sell us your car




need help with credit?




value your trade




get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)




vehicle protection packages





john eagle honda specials & services



new honda specials




honda incentives




pre-owned specials




service specials




parts specials





contact us










service & parts




honda service



schedule service




service center




service specials




express service




check your recall




oil change service





honda parts



parts center




parts store




honda accessories




shop for tires 





service hours










express service




service coupons




dealership information




company



about us




directions




meet our team




we are hiring! 




our reviews




green dealer awards




honda dealership virtual tour




honda info center




costco auto buying program




dallas isd employees




things to do after buying a car




enroll in hondalink




our blog





contact us







showroom hours





service hours










español




sobre nosotros





ev hub 




honda ev education






search




search our inventory
















we want to buy your car

even if you don't buy ours!

























i'm interested innew218resultsyearmakebody stylepriceall filterssearch








schedule express service: we service all makes and models




new car special offers & incentives




used car specials




vehicles under $20k























search by model 






popular models


hatchback


suv


sedan


truck


van


















2025 cr-v suv













2025 cr-v hybrid suv













2025 pilot suv


















2025 civic hatchback













2025 civic hybrid hatchback













2025 civic type r hatchback















2025 cr-v suv













2025 cr-v hybrid suv













2025 hr-v suv













2025 passport suv













2025 pilot suv













2024 prologue suv















2025 accord sedan













2025 accord hybrid sedan













2025 civic sedan













2025 civic hybrid sedan













2025 civic si sedan















2025 ridgeline truck















2025 odyssey van





 






























welcome to john eagle honda of dallas 


when it comes to all of your automotive needs, you don't want to have to travel all over the dallas area to find a full-service dealership experience.  you can come to john eagle honda of dallas, located at 5311 lemmon avenue in dallas, tx.  we have the complete experience that you want out of any car dealer, and conveniently located near plano, mesquite, grand prairie, and arlington, texas areas.  it doesn't matter whether you need to buy something from our new or used inventory, get a tire rotation for a car you already own, or you want to purchase genuine honda parts or accessories, we are here for you.shop the new honda vehicles in dallas, txfor folks in the market for a new vehicle, there are several brands vying for their attention.  how do you decide which one is the best for you?  it might not be a bad idea to consider a new honda car, truck, suv, or minivan from the team at john eagle honda of dallas.  the honda brand has earned the respect and trust of many drivers all over the world because of the excellent performance of the lineup.  at our dealership, we have many of the most popular honda models in stock, including the honda civic, honda accord, honda hr-v, honda cr-v, honda passport, honda pilot, honda odyssey, and honda ridgeline.view all of the used cars for sale in dallas, tx at john eagle honda of dallasdo you feel like shopping our used inventory?  you won't be disappointed.  we have a wide selection of pre-owned vehicles that is sure to delight most folks in search of great value.  since we take great pride in being a premier used car dealer in dallas, we always make sure we have plenty of high-end options from which to choose.  you can check out our certified pre-owned (cpo) honda models, as well as used cars from top-notch brands. no matter what the body style you want, we have something for almost every kind of driver in our selection.










john eagle honda of dallas has auto financing options for you


if you are here to buy or lease a new honda vehicle, you may be wondering how you are going to pay for it.  the finance center at john eagle honda of dallas is here to try and help you figure out a way.  our finance experts are here to discuss your options with you, as well as to try and secure and option that works for your situation.  we work with many financial institutions, both local and national, to try and find you car financing.  our easy-to-complete online credit application is also an excellent way for you to save time when you come to buy or lease your new car.  additionally, our finance center has many exceptional financing specials and lease deals on popular new honda models for you to peruse.




















explore honda service and parts at john eagle honda of dallas


an important part of owning a vehicle is ensuring that it is properly maintained.  it is the best way for your vehicle to have a shot at seeing the 200,000-mile mark.  of course, everyone wants to find a service center they can trust with the health of their car, truck, suv, or minivan.  the service center at john eagle honda of dallas has the factory-trained, honda-certified service technicians that can tackle any kind of service or repair.  you can even make your appointments online and search our service specials for savings.do you like doing your auto service on your own?  the parts center at our dealership is supportive of your efforts.  in fact, we sell the genuine honda parts and accessories you need at our dealership.  additionally, you can also save on them with our parts specials.  floor mats, air filters, oil, tires, spark plugs, and brake pads are just a few of the items you will find in our parts center.  if we don't have what you need in stock, one of the friendly parts associates at our dealership will order it for you.we look forward to your visitjohn eagle honda of dallas, in dallas, tx, wants to do whatever it can to earn your business.  visit our dealership, or give us a call, to let us know how we can best serve all of your automotive needs.










get in touch 




contact our sales department: (214) 646-1564 



monday8:30am-7:30pmtuesday8:30am-7:30pmwednesday8:30am-7:30pmthursday8:30am-7:30pmfriday8:30am-7:30pmsaturday8:30am-7:00pmsundayclosedsee all department hours








john eagle honda of dallas



5311 lemmon avenue dallas, tx 75209 



sales:
(214) 646-1564 




visit us at:  5311 lemmon avenue dallas, tx 75209


loading map...



























our inventory 




new inventory*




current specials








service & parts 




schedule service




service specials




premium maintenance coupons




order parts & accessories




parts specials




service hours








finance center 




finance application




payment calculator




value your trade








our dealership 




contact us




directions














sitemap




privacy




buy, sell, service cars online – driveway.com




investors 




employment




lithia privacy




lithia.com




lithia4kids




customer service




american honda








ad choices









































 

 

 








;
;











































































