



















i have originally put together this web site back in 1996 telling you a little about myself. since then, it has outgrown so many "hosts" that it needed a final home as "sky-chaser"! this should be an easy name to remember for hurricane chasing, storm chasing, severe weather, extreme journalism, skydiving, photography, travel, computer graphics and video, computer programming, web design, and much more! i am a computer programmer / analyst, writer, skydiver (uspa c30317), amateur photographer, extreme storm journalist, and computer artist. i enjoy flying and aerobatics, boating and jet skis, surfing, ham radio, skydiving, and videography. i am also a volunteer skywarn storm spotter (fl b036 / 5257) for the national weather service as well as a licensed ham radio operator (kg4pjn)."sky-chaser" consulting, as this site reflects from a business standpoint, mainly specializes in storm / hurricane chasing, and other documentation of extreme weather events for media, educational, charity / benefits, and public awareness goals. this site also contains my computer consulting services in pick (universe, unidata, and similar multivalue-db oriented) programming for many major business requirements. the "sky-chaser" site also has lots of information about my other sports, hobbies, and lifestyles besides storm journalism and computer consulting. i feel you should enjoy or even be able to utilize some of the areas on this web site for anything from education to entertainment ... and be sure check back often, because it is updated on a continuous basis!
    




chris collura - sky-chaser consulting - ham kg4pjn - skywarn fl b036 / usa 5257 - uspa c30317

youtube channel - cdcollura - for videos

since 1996! ... last major site update: sunday - january 26, 2024




table of contents - click to go to page



ads - ads from sponsors for this web site
news - news and information
tempest - current weather conditions (tempest station)
tropical - current global tropical activity
areas - main directory for this web-site
conus - important information for media inquiries
counts - see statistics for this site
author - about the author






interesting websites


stormcenter storm chasing app

online paralegal program at washington online.

couponmonk.us - one stop shop for finding high quality discounts and coupon.

esportspoint.net. its a sports magazine with sports news, events & guides.

advancedwriters.com is a leading writing company for hiring expert academic writers.




news and information



happy new year 2025




wishing everyone a safe and happy new year 2025! 2024 was a challenging year for me, but more good things happened to be grateful for.


thanksgiving in 2024 and certainly thankful (and resilient)




hurricane season draws to a close on november 30, and the holidays are upon us. thanksgiving really had a meaning this year ... since i managed to beat cancer over the course of 2024. this was a very rare form of male breast cancer, called "invasive papillary carcinoma". i first noticed something was wrong after a bruise i got while skydiving in 2022 never quite healed - leaving a fluid-filled area under my left breast. this is what made me see a doctor, and eventually i found that the cancer was a "tiny speck" surrounded by the fluid-filled sac! this "alerted" me into catching it early and seeking treatment, preventing its spread, and saving my life and health. i put this video out there so people can get advice, and be aware of the insidious effects of such diseases. the video also shows my journey to being cured, and rather interesting aspects of my treatment (including radiation therapy).
be sure to check out the gallery section of my website (which has a video of my story - click here for the gallery). you can also click the image above, or the link here to jump directly past the gallery and to my video.




current global tropical activity




western pacific activity (jtwc)
central pacific 2-day activity (nhc)






western pacific activity (jtwc)
central pacific 5-day activity (nhc)


eastern pacific 2-day activity (nhc)
north atlantic 2-day activity (nhc)






eastern pacific 5-day activity (nhc)
north atlantic 5-day activity (nhc)



the images above shows any current global tropical cyclone activity for the indian, pacific, and atlantic basins. tropical activity for the western pacific (wpac) and indian ocean basins appear under the responsibility of the us navy jtwc, or "joint typhoon warning center" (from www.metoc.navy.mil/jtwc/jtwc.html). you can click on either links for the western pacific (jtwc) to jump to the jtwc activity and forecast page. the central / eastern pacific and atlantic is under the responsibility of the national hurricane center (nhc). the nhc forecasts tropical activity for the central pacific (cpac), eastern pacific (epac), and north atlantic (natl) basins, and is updated most frequently during the normal hurricane seasons for each (cpac and epac is may 15 through november 30 and natl is from june 1 through november 30). click the images above to go to the nhc site for the 2-day (48 hour) outlooks on tropical activity for each of these three basins (nhc). for the nhc 5-day (120 hour) outlook, click on the link below the images for each of these three basins (nhc). this data has been provided by the national hurricane center (from www.nhc.noaa.gov). please note that these images and links are directed to websites not maintained by this web site and are subject to availability! for the tropical weather link on my website for the atlantic basin - please click here.





main directory for this web-site



sky-chaser blog page
all archived facebook page(s) for "cdcollura" & "skychasercom" (cleared!)
airshow! aviation at its finest
alcatraz island and prison
america - tributes plus september 11, 2001
art and drawings gallery
aviation and flying
aviation and propulsion principles
buddha audiobook religeous benefit project (external link)
car burglary at miami tgi friday's
chris collura's career resume
goodies and cool stuff
information on diabetes
internet fraud - always a first time!
outdoor activities and boating
pets and animals page
roller coasters and extreme rides
short stories and commentaries page
sky diving and other extreme sports
software products page
special offers and media sales page
storm chasing by chris collura
surviving a roll-over car accident
tesla coils plus "weird science" stuff




current weather conditions (tempest station 134819)
(subject to availability / location dependant)





this section is for my tempest (weatherflow) weather station ... this will update here when on-line and in use. the embedded window above shows current conditions at my location (base is in south florida, but location can vary on storm chases). my station id is 134819. you can also visit tempest earth for more information on this product.




important information for media inquiries





all of my stock-video footage is also managed by my agents at conus communications. please refer to conus first as they can be of much better help at providing any fulfillment of stock video requests (this does not include dvd productions offered on this site). for such stock footage requests, please contact chris bridson at conus. their phone number is (651) 642-4576, or you can go to their official web site at the link www.conus.com.

you can review all production videos, dvd's, documentaries, and stock video on my offers page which can be viewed by clicking the link here. please not that you can request stock video through me directly, or through the conus archive, which is much easier!





"may a thrilling time be in your immediate future!"









      \\|//
      (@ @)
      ----oooo--\ ( ) /--oooo----
      ~


below is a count of the total hits to this main page








about the author



view information about the author of this site

this entire web site is the work of christopher collura (myself) and is intended for informative, entertainment, and educational purposes. the intent is to show the pure thrill and essence of natural phenomina, extreme sports, experiences, and many other unique things or events, many from viewer's perspective. please click the link above to find out more information about myself, the author of this great web site.



html file "index.htm" - developed by chris collura





