




 



arizona cabin rentals - resort lodging at cabins on strawberry hill

































































 










navigation menu







 



home
cabins

cabin info
2 bedroom (1 queen and 2 twins)
2 bedroom (2 queens)


weddings & events

weddings
family reunions
corporate events
church retreats
payments


  


 

activities

attractions
dining
events
fishing
hiking
hunting
mountain biking
shopping
swimming
wildlife


more info

about us
rates

cabin rates
cabin specials


directions
faq
policies
pet friendly
blog
photos
reviews

write a review




contact
  
 












 





mountain lodging in arizona's mogollon rim country



welcome to the cabins on strawberry hill, az
reserve your own cabin at arizona’s finest mountain cabin rental resort, cabins on strawberry hill! we offer fourteen (14) relaxing and private 1 and 2-bedroom rental cabins in the heart of mogollon rim country in central arizona, perched atop strawberry hill at a cool 6100’ elevation.
the majestic mogollon rim rises tall above the resort and stretches out over 200 miles across the rugged arizona countryside and makes for the perfect vacation destination. we are phoenix and tucson’s closest cabin rentals, located in the tall pines of central arizona, just 17 miles north of payson. our cabin rentals are less than a 90 minute drive from scottsdale and fountain hills in the northeast valley of the sun and about a two hour drive from downtown phoenix. flagstaff az is an hour to our northwest.
our convenient yet gorgeous location and roomy, comfortable rental cabins provide the ideal setting for your vacation, family reunion, wedding, corporate retreat, church group or just a fun-filled weekend of arizona mountain recreation, relaxation, and lodging.
clean, pet friendly (except for event/group reservations, please call if you have questions) and well-equipped rental cabins are difficult to find, but we are the mountain hideaway in arizona you have been searching for!

spring brings beautiful blossoms and flowers as rim country awakes.
summer monsoons provide cool temperatures and lush vegetation for those seeking an escape from the desert heat- a great time for a family reunion, vacation, or to take the kids to one of our forest lakes and stay at our pet friendly (except for event/group reservations, please call if you have questions) cabin rentals in beautiful arizona.
autumn ushers in the many brilliant colors of our red oaks, aspens, cottonwoods, poplars, willows and wild berries- a very popular time for weddings.
winter is a great time to enjoy the breathtaking, snow-covered mountains, go sledding with the kids or just lounge around the fire at our fine cabin rental vacation resort.









						vacations					






						family memories					






						weddings					






						family reunions					






						corporate events					






						clubs/retreats					




 






this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no posts found.make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com. 


  










view this profile on instagram























cabins on strawberry hill (@cabinsonstrawberryhill) • instagram photos and videos


 

 






cabins on strawberry hill 
phone: (928) 476-4252
email: info@azcabins.com
address: 5306 n. highway 87
strawberry, az 85544


 






 


photos
policies
faq
property map
directions
blog
about us
 
© 2025 cabins on strawberry hill | privacy policy | sitemap








homecabins

cabin info2 bedroom (2 queens)2 bedroom (1 queen and 2 twins) back
weddings & events

weddingsfamily reunionscorporate eventschurch retreatspayments back
activities

attractionshikingfishingmountain bikingswimminghuntingdiningshoppingeventswildlife back
more info

about usrates

cabin ratesspecials back 
faqpoliciespet friendlydirectionsphotosblogreviews

write a review back 
 back
contact

				× close panel			

















 
