






our planet | groundbreaking series









our planeta netflix original documentary series and groundbreaking collaboration between wwf, netflix and silverback films, our planet showcases the world's natural wonders, iconic species and wildlife spectacles that still remain.we're all a part of this amazing planet, but we're changing it like never before. discover the story of the one place we all call home.exploreone planetfrozen worldsjunglescoastal seasgrasslandshigh seasfresh waterforestsget involvedwhat can i do?news and partnersschools and young peoplebusinessexplorable globenow streamingabout wwfwinner of two emmy® awards - our planet is a groundbreaking netflix original documentary series.watch on netflixlatest from our planetone planethow to save our planetone planetfive steps to help save our planetcoastal seasbehind the scenes - great barrier reefjunglesbirds of paradiseexplore habitatsone planetthe habitats that make up our planet are connected and reliant upon each other. the astonishing diversity of life on earth depends on these global connections.one planetthe habitats that make up our planet are connected and reliant upon each other. the astonishing diversity of life on earth depends on these global connections.frozen worldsour poles are some of the earth's last remaining wildernesses. and yet just as we are beginning to understand these extraordinary places, they are changing fast.frozen worldsour poles are some of the earth's last remaining wildernesses. and yet just as we are beginning to understand these extraordinary places, they are changing fast.junglesin jungles, everywhere is special. host to a staggering array of species, they are the oldest and most diverse ecosystems on our planet.junglesin jungles, everywhere is special. host to a staggering array of species, they are the oldest and most diverse ecosystems on our planet.forestswe are uniquely reliant on trees – without them, life as we know it would not exist. we’ve exploited our forests through the ages, but if we give them the chance, they will bounce back.forestswe are uniquely reliant on trees – without them, life as we know it would not exist. we’ve exploited our forests through the ages, but if we give them the chance, they will bounce back.grasslandsour planet’s grasslands are the rich home to our big land animals, but they’re also shrinking. life in our grasslands depends on space.grasslandsour planet’s grasslands are the rich home to our big land animals, but they’re also shrinking. life in our grasslands depends on space.fresh waterwithout fresh water, life on land wouldn't exist. it is the most precious resource on our planet, but it's finite. every drop is vital for all species and us humans that rely upon it.fresh waterwithout fresh water, life on land wouldn't exist. it is the most precious resource on our planet, but it's finite. every drop is vital for all species and us humans that rely upon it.coastal seasour coastal seas are a rich community of plants and animals working together, all of which are vital to the health of our planet and humanity.coastal seasour coastal seas are a rich community of plants and animals working together, all of which are vital to the health of our planet and humanity.the high seasthe open oceans are the world’s largest ecosystems, vital to everyone, owned by no-one. traversed by whales, sharks, turtles, tuna and albatross and home to mysterious deep-sea creatures, these are the true wilds of our planet.the high seasthe open oceans are the world’s largest ecosystems, vital to everyone, owned by no-one. traversed by whales, sharks, turtles, tuna and albatross and home to mysterious deep-sea creatures, these are the true wilds of our planet. watch on netflixlove our planet? now help save it.take actionschools & youthhelp us inspire the next generation to connect with nature and safeguard our planet.view allthe film-makers behindour planetfind out moremore our planetnews, book, soundtrack, apps and morefind out moreget the latest news & films from ourplanet.comi am happy to receive updates about conservation, fundraising, campaigning and events from my local wwf office you can unsubscribe from these emails at any time. see our privacy notice for more detailsnowstreamingwhat can i do?news and partnersbusinessabout our planetterms & conditionsprivacy & data protectionlanguage:englishenglishfrançaisespañolportuguêsdeutschfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutubewwf-uk is a registered charity in england and wales 1081247 and in scotland sc039593 and a company limited by guarantee registered in england and wales 4016725.this website uses cookies and similar identifiers to give you the best online experience. by clicking 'allow' you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our privacy notice.allow
