

easyworship - church presentation software














































































































































































































softwaremediasupportmy informationlog inyour church service presented with ease.import, build, and display your lyrics, videos, and slides with a presentation software that is reliable as it is powerful.display your lyrics, videos, and slides with a powerful & reliable presentation software.free demosubscribe nowgo beyond the basicsexpand your service with our free remote app, along with ndi, midi, and livestream integration.learn morewindows onlybuild your entire worship service quickly and efficiently in one placelyrics & videoimport and project song lyrics, scriptures, and videos into easyworship and create a complete schedule for your church service in minutes.sermon slidescreate engaging sermon slides using easyworship's presentation editor or easily import slides from powerpoint.livestreamintegrate easyworship into your livestream setup via ndi to create professionally easy displays.subscribe nowdesigned to help your whole teamfrom volunteers to pastors.volunteerkeep the focus on what's important with our intuitive presentation software that's easy to use and simple to understand.tech teamneed easy integration with your livestream? easyworship can integrate via ndi, most capture cards, and streaming software.worship leaderprojecting song slides has never been easier with ccli and midi integration.pastorcreate your sermon slides with our robust presentation editor or import slides from powerpoint.designed to help your whole teamfrom volunteers to pastors.volunteerkeep the focus on what's important with our intuitive presentation software that's easy to use and simple to understand.tech teamneed easy integration with your livestream? easyworship can integrate via ndi, most capture cards, and streaming software.worship leaderprojecting song slides has never been easier with ccli and midi integration.pastorcreate your sermon slides with our robust presentation editor or import slides from powerpoint.basicsoftware only$15.00/mo.**billed yearly, prepaid at $180/yr.premiumsoftware + media$23.33/mo.**billed yearly, prepaid at $280/yr.learn more about premiumaverage weekly attendance1-99100-199200-499500-9991000+get startedaffordable pricing optionsget the most dependable & trusted presentation software at a price that your church can afford.get startedtry easyworship for freedownload easyworship today and see how intuitive and powerful our church presentation software really is.free demotrusted around the worldit was easy to integrate with obs for live streaming live church service with lyrics and lower thirds scriptures and speaker notes.aireen c.our experience has been totally positive. the tech support is second to none and will make sure the issue is resolved.becky b.great product and support staff. would highly recommend using easyworship for churches. easyworship wins.steve g.i really enjoy and trust easyworship. our volunteers don't have to be computer specialists to operate it.michael m.i am very pleased with this software. easyworship is so versatile to help me program my service.randy h.i'm very glad we purchased easyworship and honestly wish i had done so sooner.katherine m.easyworship was quick to integrate with obs for live streaming our church service.aireen c.i especially like easyworship's dark mode as well as their means of diagnosing any issues that pop up.doug p.easyworship greatly exceeded my expectations, especially with after-sale support. i would recommend their software to everyone.thomas d.easyworship was recommended to us in that anyone, whether or not they had formal computer training, could run this software. and it is true.mark s.other products are way too complicated to operate for the average person.dean g.love being able to include and onboard volunteers easily and having features that make running a smooth service up front doable.joy s.it was easy to integrate with obs for live streaming live church service with lyrics and lower thirds scriptures and speaker notes.aireen c.our experience has been totally positive. the tech support is second to none and will make sure the issue is resolved.becky b.great product and support staff. would highly recommend using easyworship for churches. easyworship wins.steve g.i really enjoy and trust easyworship. our volunteers don't have to be computer specialists to operate it.michael m.i am very pleased with this software. easyworship is so versatile to help me program my service.randy h.i'm very glad we purchased easyworship and honestly wish i had done so sooner.katherine m.subscribe nowjoin thousands of easyworship users worldwide and keep up to date with our latest software updates and media content.join now easyworship began as a software solution for churches to amplify the worship experience from the sound booth to the stage. from bringing you the best church presentation software, worship media and customer support we can offer, we purpose to do everything with excellence and bring glory to god.  create the service you want with stunning backgrounds for worship and eye-catching sermon videos from our media store. advance your worship technology with software that works with you and for you. integrate easyworship into your service workflow and watch it become an integral part of your production team. presentation softwarefeaturespricingdownload demobible plug-inswhat's newrequirementsauthorized dealerspricing plansworship mediamedia homeworship backgroundschurch countdownslower thirdslyric mediamini moviesoverlayssocial mediatitle mediamedia producerssupportsupport homeknowledge basecommunitytraining videoscompanyblogprivacy policyterms of usecareer opportunitiespresentation softwarefeaturespricingdownload demobible plug-inswhat's newrequirementsauthorized dealersworship mediamedia homeworship backgroundschurch countdownslower thirdslyric mediamini moviesoverlayssocial mediatitle mediamedia producerssupportsupport homeknowledge basecommunitytraining videoscompanyblogprivacy policyterms of usecareer opportunitiespricing plans © 2025 softouch development, inc. all rights reserved. home|your profile|support@easyworship.com|+1 918-250-1493|mon - fri, 9 am - 6 pm cst
