





college of health and human performance










  




college of health and human performance
skip to main content


hhp - update me in site_config > general configuration


hhp - update me in site_config > general configuration

about hhp

why choose hhp?
areas of study
inclusion
our departments
our faculty & staff
our administration
our facilities
employment
industry involvement

 faculty & research

faculty research interests
centers & institutes
find a faculty member
honors & fellowships
artificial intelligence

academic programs

degree programs
online learning
certificates-minors
continuing education

admissions information

apply now
costs & financial aid
visit hhp

alumni & giving

giving
distinguished alumni hall of fame
performance magazine
outstanding young alumni
contact us






news
calendar
giving
inclusion
connect
uf directory

current students
course syllabi
graduate students
scholarships
student involvement
study abroad
undergraduate students
the pulse newsletter

















search uf

submit













search uf

submit



































performance magazine 
	


read more


winter 2025





top 10



ranked among the top-10 public universities by u.s. news & world report.







sauna before or after a workout?

read more


science & wellness



$200k



hhp students receive more than $200,000 in scholarship money annually from our generous donors.







hhp researchers on olympics economy and tourism

read more


research





rachael seidler, ph.d., appointed deputy director of uf space institute. 

read more



#ufhhp





ai across the curriculum: garrett beatty

read more


innovation








together, we can...
prevent disease
respond to crisis
improve humanity
start here 














the human condition... we're committed to studying every aspect of it. every day

because the more we understand, the better off all of us will be. and by sharing our findings, tourism and sport helps span cultural divides. proper conditioning becomes a method for tracking major diseases. and behavioral research can save numerous lives. all made possible through a dedication to understanding people.

learn more about our undergraduate & graduate degree programs











3k+



hhp student enrollment in fall 2023







23k



hhp alumni worldwide







$13.3m



amount of funding hhp researchers were awarded in 2023















stacy cutrono
the road to wellness
stacy cutrono says her experiences at hhp still impact her today and allowed her to realize that health and fitness are for everyone. “uf [and hhp] taught me to dream big. i want to change the way the world views fitness and wellness.” she and her husband have established a scholarship at hhp to help students have a chance at the same experiences. cutrono plans to build it into an endowment, so it will be self-sustaining. “i want more alumni to realize how easy it is to give back,” she said. 
read more

outstanding alumni






david sobelman
a gator gives back
david sobelman’s time at hhp was one of the most influential periods of his life. sobelman’s affinity for uf led his family’s foundation to establish the wellspring foundation award, which recognizes a current uf student who has made substantial and outstanding contributions toward fostering diversity, inclusion and intercultural engagement both on campus and in the gainesville community.
read more
outstanding alumni






andrew walker
challenging society's perception of age
andrew walker, bshse '81, is the health and wellness director of the national senior games association (nsga). he enjoys traveling and working with seniors at the games and engaging with people in the community. walker ran track at uf and loves watching the track events at the games. he has always been interested in health and wellness, so hhp was the natural choice for his college career.
read more
outstanding alumni





stacy cutrono
the road to wellness
stacy cutrono says her experiences at hhp still impact her today and allowed her to realize that health and fitness are for everyone. “uf [and hhp] taught me to dream big. i want to change the way the world views fitness and wellness.” she and her husband have established a scholarship at hhp to help students have a chance at the same experiences. cutrono plans to build it into an endowment, so it will be self-sustaining. “i want more alumni to realize how easy it is to give back,” she said. 
read more

outstanding alumni








read more about #ufhhp alumni

 


 





apply
visit
jobs
ask uf









university of florida

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
youtube

university of floridagainesville, fl 32611uf operator: (352) 392-3261website text-only version




resources 

one.uf
webmail
myufl
e-learning
contact us
careers at hhp



staff & faculty 

governance
college committees
policies, docs & forms
college vehicle usage
it work order



website 

website listing
accessibility
privacy policy
regulations























