

simplybarbra.com – home























 

  

  

  

 



  

  

  




 


to book steven:
 please  e-mail: simplybarbra@hotmail.com 

 
click on "tour schedule" to see where simply barbra is performing next! or (click here)




 
 where is steven performing?
 2024
            tour & performance schedule 





           singer-actor-impressionist-writer steven brinberg is
           simply barbra....all live singing.....


 click the link below to see a review of simply barbra's october 11, 2023 performance:
simply barbra review: an acutely funny and deeply affectionate tribute to the greatest star of all time
superfan steven brinberg is back with his salute to streisand
by simon button


 click the link below to see a review of simply barbra's december 8, 2017 performance:
simply barbra’s holiday show, the spiegeltent leicester square – review
by fabio crispim






(june 19, 2012) simply barbra on mornings (sydney, australia)
**************
 marvin hamlisch (1944-2012)  a great talent, a great friend
theatre community remembers tony and oscar winner marvin hamlisch


steven brinberg as simply barbra sings summer me winter me  with marvin hamlisch and the seattle symphony, 2011






     





   
     


 


 
 

 
 


see videos on youtube
 
simply barbra on video 
 
visit the  video page 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 simply barbra
the duets album

 
 
 
the way we were ... well, he still is

july 08, 2010 interview with michael elkin, arts & entertainment editor jewish exponent
 next review - critic's pick 
lml music  
order online at amazon.com



 
 
 
 
 






when you first hear steven's simply barbra cd, for the first brief
moment, you almost think, 'my god! is that really her?' [streisand]
it's so captivating! not only does he have a wonderful take on her --
not at all mean-spirited -- and this ability to imitate her, he also
captures a lot of moments and nuances that are terrific. it was very
impressive.
marvin hamlisch






"absolutely brilliant! affectionate and wickedly funny."
eric myers, time out new york

"a first-rate second hand rose. his musical mimicry is amazing!"
wayman wong, ny daily news

"wickedly good fun!"
chip deffaa, new york post

"an evening filled with smiles and laughter."
roy sander, back stage

"can sound so much like streisand as to give one the the creeps!"
michael portantiere, intheater



     steven brinberg is the
premier barbra streisand impressionist, performing his incredible show,
simply barbra, to international acclaim both on stage and television
(and performing regularly with none other than marvin hamlisch!) as he pays homage to all that is streisand! steven does not lip-sync his performances but accurately portrays streisand with his own voice! with over a decade of performing experience, his amazing show has steven in demand literally worldwide!

"he’s been doing his streisand for so long, he’s better at it than she is!"

for booking information please phone: (212) 873-8122
  or e-mail: simplybarbra@hotmail.com

steven's 2024 tour schedule (click here)



steven brinberg has been acclaimed for his  vocal performance of barbra streisand  for over a decade around the world.

  in addition to touring all over america he has also played extensively in england, ireland, scotland, australia, spain, mexico and canada...more cities then the real barbra!  
he appears regularly in symphony concerts with none other than marvin hamlisch, theoscar-winning composer of the way we were.
  steven was hired by streisand's management to perform at donna karan's birthday party.
 he has recorded two cds and has appeared in several feature films, on television, and  onstage at carnegie hall, lincoln center, the kennedy center and  broadway (the last in the benefit production of funny girl featuring whoopi goldberg).

  be sure to check steven's tour schedule so that you can enjoy one of his shows soon!
  
 (click here)

 
      
      
      
      


  order the cd from amazon.com  click here!





click here to read the london times' clive davis' august 30, 2002 interview with steven!

click here to read rainbownetwork.com's review by stephen beeny!


steven performed as simply barbra on sally jesse raphael
and received a standing ovation!  incredible job, steven!!
(appearance date: april 24, 2002)





new lyrics to in buddy's eyes by steven brinberg,with kind 
permission and assistance from stephen sondheim.



what the critics are saying about this amazing talent:






     
"almost as luminous as streisand herself...a remarkably fluid voice...a star of cult status has been born!"
sydney morning herald (australia)

     
"scintillatingly funny, unnervingly accurate. a touchingly true tribute
to the towering talent (and ego) of barbra streisand. a genuinely
original show that is brilliantly scripted and beautifully performed!"
this is london (london, england)


     
"steven brinberg is now in his tenth year as the supreme incarnation of
streisand. not to be mistaken for some low-class drag show, simply barbra
is a labour of love and a sophisticated cross between homage and campy
lampoon. brinberg has captured perfectly not only the voice but the
nuances and stage mannerisms of the real thing."


     
"an evening of comedy cabaret where award-winning steven brinberg looks
and sounds more like barbra than barbra, earning ecstatic reviews the
diva herself would kill for. close your eyes and you will swear you're
listening to streisand. brinberg also performs his remarkable
portrayals of the vocal talents of julie andrews, ethel merman, cher,
eartha kitt, neil diamond and many more."
komedia theatre and cabaret bar (brighton, uk)



"absolutely brilliant! affectionate and wickedly funny."
eric myers, time out new york

"a first-rate second hand rose. his musical mimicry is amazing!"
wayman wong, ny daily news

"wickedly good fun!"
chip deffaa, new york post

"an evening filled with smiles and laughter."
roy sander, back stage

"can sound so much like streisand as to give one the the creeps!"
michael portantiere, intheater



"he’s been doing his streisand for so long, he’s better at it than she is!"








steven with whoopi goldberg



book steven!



for booking information, please phone:



(212) 873-8122or

e-mail: simplybarbra@hotmail.com



see the 2024
tour/performance schedule now!click here!



tour dates updated frequently! bookmark this site and check back soon!











this
               barbra
               streisand webring site is owned by 


steven brinberg 


join the
               barbra streisand webring 

[skip
               prev] [prev]
               [next]
               [skip
               next] [random]
               [next
               5] [list
               sites]





visit the official barbra streisand website
click here





click here to return to top of page.


  simply barbra, this web site and its contents copyright © 2000-2024 by steven brinberg.
  site maintenance by steven brinberg



 
 



 
 
 







 