




















































ramoth4 — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ramoth4
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ramoth4







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








ramoth4
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile


> previous 10 entries



march 1st, 200809:48 pm - still alivea lot has changed. the big things about 2007 were: moving to mountain view, ca and working for mozilla. mozilla and i parted ways early in 2008.the future looks pretty good, at least from here.(3 comments | leave a comment)july 12th, 200608:32 pm - the eraseris a fantastic album.also, nobody commented on the song i posted. how disappointing.job related happenings: - interviewed at the ala moana apple store today. it went well; i'll be surprised if they don't hire me. - perhaps a one off gig doing some contract programming? we'll see how that pans out. - haven't heard back from my grandma's neighbor. going to resend my email to another address tonight.hopefully something works out. i'm getting kind of bored.tags: jobs, music(4 comments | leave a comment)july 5th, 200601:07 am - i realized that my previous post may be confusing.so i decided to post an mp3 oh crepe.15 step by radiohead. performed on june 30th, 2006 in la.(leave a comment)july 4th, 200602:04 am - waiting for the shoejuly 11th: the eraser released.july 14th: a scanner darkly released.hurry.how come i end up where i started?how come i end up where i went wrong?won't take my eyes off the ball again—you reel me out and you cut the string.how come i end up where i started?how come i end up where i went wrong?won't take my eyes off the ball again—you reel me out and you cut the string.you used to be all right,what happened?did the cat get your tongue?did your string come undone?one by one,one by one,it comes to us all,it's as soft as your pillow.you used to be all right,what happened?etcetera, etcetera.fastforward forever / fetch for whatever / friends forever (???)fifteen steps,then a sheer drop.how come i end up where i started?how come i end up where i went wrong?won't take my eyes off the ball again—you reel me out and you cut the string.i'm giving precedent to lyrics from later performances—i.e. the show from the 30th has the highest precedence, and seems to match the earlier berkeley shows in terms of lyrics, but there are some extra rests in the "verses" that i'm not hearing in the 6/30 version.yes, i'm a gigantic nerd.current music: 15 step by radiohead(leave a comment)july 1st, 200602:41 am - tagged by lucy oshit ='dlist seven songs you are into right now. no matter what the genre, whether they have words, or even if they're not any good, but they must be songs you're really enjoying now. post these instructions in your livejournal along with your 7 songs. then tag 7 other people to see what they're listening to.yeah, this is going to be weird.1. no joy in mudville by death cab for cutie from we have the facts and we're voting yes. haltingly slow tempo, great lyrics, and i have a mancrush on ben gibbard.2. the lung by dinosaur jr. from live at the 9:30 club 4/5/06. i can play this song for hours. literally hours. just those same couple of chords over and over. dun dun, dun dun, dun dun, da da da da da da da!3. down is the new up by radiohead from live in toronto 6/8/06. new from radiohead. mmm, radiohead. featuring thom beatboxing. mmm, beatboxing. and jonny drumming. mmm, drumming. 4. untitled 4 (aka the nothing song) by sigur rós from ( ). all i have to say is: youtube.5. i summon you by spoon from gimme fiction. i've been playing this on guitar a lot. it's fun to experiment with different strumming styles, and it actually sounds pretty good when fingerpicked. kind of like what iron & wine did to such great heights.6. clark gable by the postal service from give up. sum gr8 beets on dis trak, ke kee. remember my mancrush on ben gibbard? yeah. great lyrics, boy-o.7. king of no one by the most serene republic from underwater cinematographer. why are you here if you haven't heard this album yet? go, listen! it's awesome. "dreamy noise-pop," indeed. this particular track sounds like it was recorded in a jazz lounge bar by the ocean, or something. it's basically awesome in song form.8. the entire album the bends by radiohead. not a song? yes. awesome? very yes. i'm fairly confident in my ability to play almost every song on this album on guitar, except street spirit, which really should be done on a sequencer. pink floyd's on the run meets radiohead's street spirit? i smell a mashup.i reject this as a meme not only by including an entire album, but furthermore and forthwith, i do not tag anyone. owned, internet.tags: meme, music(1 comment | leave a comment)02:31 am - holy shit, it's july!yeah, i know, deaf-mute! where the hell did june go? july is going to be an interesting month. my sister and dad are gone to the mainland for most of the month, so it's just me and mom here. hopefully, i'll have some sort of job by the end of the month. maybe.i've always had this fear of dying and my internet buddies not knowing what happened to me. i think i'm going to put in my the passwords i use, so the bereaved can login and be all "colin died whattap." yes, that's going to be in the will too.commenters, do you want to fade into internet obscurity? or do you want your krew to know what happened.tags: death, life(3 comments | leave a comment)june 29th, 200601:32 am - back in the i.n.t.r.yes, it's true. nerd-1 reporting for duty. my interweb is back up and three times as fast. if you've been wondering where i've been for the last 10 or eleven days, i've been all manner of places. mostly out of the house, since there's nothing to do here without internet (duh). i spent three days in the hospital in intense stomach pain—i had food poisoning.just a quick update since i haven't really posted on here in a while, and some of my friends might not know about these exciting new features on my new model: - i can (legally) drive - i have my own car - i still have blue haircommenters: post three facts about yourself. this is absolutely required, and failure to comply will be punished with death. type wisely.tags: facts, life(18 comments | leave a comment)june 27th, 200601:33 amhave you ever thought of something after the conversation has moved on to a different topic, and been afraid (or too lazy) to bring it back up? here's your chance to resume those old conversations or topics. anything you wanted to say to me but couldn't work into the conversatiton at the time, go ahead, post it in the comments.i don't think this is a meme from somewhere else. i thought of this idea a couple minutes ago when i realized there was something i wanted to say to someone after the conversation had turned to other things.go ahead, make my day.tags: reflexive(4 comments | leave a comment)september 4th, 200503:14 am - i am the walrus...while i may occasionally post friend's only entries here, most of my blogging will be done at iamthewalr.us. you can add the feed from it to your lj friend's list (if you haven't already) by friending iatwu.(leave a comment)august 6th, 200511:28 am - i'm alive!yes, i'm still alive. i just haven't felt the urge to post here recently. now, on to business.i'm alone in the apartment (6303 south campus commons) until monday. i definitely need to find something to do, or i'm going to go insane. any one have any ideas? i need to go into dc at some point to check out some art galleries for my art history paper, so maybe i'll go museum hopping. anyone in? or if you have anything else fun to do, feel free to drop me a line.current mood: lonelycurrent music: remyxomatosis (christian vogel rmx)(6 comments | leave a comment)





> previous 10 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























