

 
danish royal watchers



























	               danish royal watchers
	               










contributors

gigi
lotte







mary & frederik present their new little prince & ...
anniversary of margrethe ii's ascension to the throne
mary, frederik & the twins to leave hospital quiet...
mary & the twins readying to leave hospital
official statement : mary & the twins to leave hos...
mary & her twins enjoy close family but remain in ...
christian's & isabella's big week (plus a wrap)
mary, the twins & their visitors
mary has given birth to a prince and a princess! f...
margrethe visits, john donaldson visits & two 21 g...





december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
april 2010
august 2010
december 2010
january 2011





please do not link directly to photos in this blog. for fellow recreational royalty watchers on other non-profit blogs and forums, you are welcome to give a link to the blog, but we ask that you re-host­ photos and give credit to the blog.




click here for full disclaimer




kronprinsparret.dk
kongehuset.dk
drfgarden's youtube channel
























want to send your pictures or info? email us at: drws.blog@gmail.com




friday, 14 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 mary & frederik present their new little prince & little princess : "right now we have our hands full"
	                       
                          

 

crown princess mary, crown prince frederik and their newborn twins have left rigshospitalet via a walk 'n talk with the press and also greeted hospital patients, staff and members of the public who gathered to see them at a little after 3:30pm denmark time. mary carried the little prince and frederik carried the little princess. this blogger has to say that prince henrik's humour needs some work - they are beautiful babies. when asked by a member of the media what they thought about prince henrik's comment that babies are ugly (including these ones!), frederik just said "i won't say anything about that" and gave a big smile.

they said the little princess is the calmer of the two and they sleep together. mary said the birth was an amazing experience and that it went so well. the babies have not slept that much and but they have been nursing alot. mary spoke in english to say they had been following the news from australia about the queensland floods and they sent their best wishes to the people of queensland. she said they had no firm plans yet about a trip to australia but want to do it as soon as possible to introduce the two new little ones to their family in australia. they said they had been thinking about names for a long time - but of course, no information until the christening on that front. mary said isabella quickly assumed the tender role of tucking in the new little ones. frederik was asked about prince joachim and he said that of course he had heard from prince joachim, who was happy. the crown prince couple said they have some wonderful photos of the new little ones with prince christian and princess isabella. mary said they are working hard to get the twins synchronised, which they already are somewhat, and that frederik helped enormously with his great love and support. they say they can see both their similarities and their differences and the crown prince couple changed arms to position each of the babies so the press could get good photos. frederik looked eager to leave, although both were comfortable throughout the press call, and he said that it is because the twins are doing well that they are confident in leaving the hospital. they were asked about having more children and frederik replied they would have to discuss that (maybe "no"?) and that they were looking forward to getting home to be "a family of six".

they moved to go outside, put on two little hats for the cold and went to the car, placed the twins inside, and frederik drove home to amalienborg.

sorry there was no easy direct link : it is all here now 
frederik is wearing a bracelet for support for troops in afghanistan (for those wondering)

                   


photos © chris jackson/getty images europe, getty images, reuters images                   
tv2's full clip of the departure (17:57)

dr.dk's full clip of the departure (13:08)  

tv2 - 3 clips from their live blog page

dr.dk clip (1:16)

zdf.de clip (1:57)  

berlingske tidende gallery
billed bladet's gallery
b.t. gallery 
jyllands posten gallery
the huffington post princess mary of denmark debuts newborn twins (photos)
bunte.de gallery
ekstra bladet gallery
msn starlounge gallery
fyens.dk gallery
gala.de gallery 


hello! magazine proud parents mary and frederik of denmark head home with twins 
the copenhagen post first pictures! tiniest royals ready to head home
the daily telegraph princess mary shows off royal twins
the herald sun mary and fred show off their twins to world's media   
the daily mail double joy as crown prince frederik of denmark and wife mary show off their newborn twins


thanks librian, princess robijn, benedikte and alexmary :))
...and, more to come.labels: birth, frederik, mary, twins

posted by lotte | 7:43 pm
       |
         0 comments








                      	 
                      	 anniversary of margrethe ii's ascension to the throne
	                       
                          




as well as today's other royal danish news with the twins, today is the 39th anniversary since queen margrethe ascended the throne, following the death of her beloved father frederik ix. 

   labels: anniversary, frederik ix, queen margrethe

posted by lotte | 2:49 pm
       |
         0 comments








                      	 
                      	 mary, frederik & the twins to leave hospital quietly, without flash
	                       
                          


© ap photos/daylife
crown princess mary leaves hospital today with her newborn twins who were born on january 8, 2011 26 minutes apart. as they did with christian and isabella, mary and frederik will leave through the foyer at rigshospitalet past the arrayed media. it will not be a drawn out departure, probably not much more than 10 minutes, and the media has already been asked to keep the noise down and they are not to use camera flashes. some may remember the media 'shushing' each other at christian's departure. one of the most relieved to be going home will no doubt be crown prince frederik. former sister-in-law countess alexandra revealed after her visit with her husband martin and children princes nikolai and felix, that frederik appeared more tired than crown princess mary. she said mary was up and about with lots of energy, while frederik appeared more tired than mary, but they are extremely happy.
from what we have seen frederik has been very busy sharing himself between rigshospitalet and amalienborg, between mary and the new babies and frederik's and mary's oldest children christian, 5, and isabella, 3. "i think they will happy to get home and start life as a whole family," said alexandra.the twins have already been dubbed "double trouble" by their father. the names of the two newborns will not be revealed until mary announces them at their christening.          

while we wait for the exit... which is a few hours away. the exact time is not yet known, although berlingske tidende says between 3pm and 4pm, it is dark early in denmark in january. for safety there´s a black line on the floor in the foyer where the twins will be presented and a partitioned area for the reporters to stand behind.

it is about one hour from now - it is 2:30pm in denmark at time of this post... will try to post a link to view the departure.  


the copenhagen post 2010 was the year of william and ida  
  
  
tv2 clip (1:41)
reporters, photographers and cameramen have taken up position at rigshospitalet ready to document the departure of the newborn royal twins, to be displayed to the public for the first time."it is quite hectic here in the lobby. there is a forest of camera tripods in place. pet (security police) has just been down and asked the photographers to move their equipment. there will be a fence up so that photographers and journalists do not get too close," says tv 2's reporter at rigshospitalet.there has been speculation why the two babies and crown princess mary have been so long in hospital. a theory is that they, like their older brother, prince christian, had jaundice, which is relatively common in newborns.crown prince frederik was obviously pleased and proud when he met the press shortly after crown princess mary had given birth to twins - a boy and a girl.the exact timing of the presentation is not known but it is expected to be between 3.00pm and 4.00pm.   

you may like to have a look at drfgarden's youtubes:
mary & frederik leave rigshospitalet with christian (2:32)
mary & frederik greeting waiting crowd at fredensborg on arrival home with christian (1:00)  
prince christian's christening (9:01) 
crown prince frederik's press conference on the arrival of a baby girl (4:29)  
mary & frederik leave hospital with their baby girl (5:21)  
mary & frederik arrive home at chancellory house with isabella (1:33)  
princess isabella's christening part 1 (8:19)
princess isabella's christening part 2 (8:19)
princess isabella's christening part 3 (8:10)



dr.dk clip (00:30) the twins will be shown in the afternoon  
tv2 clip (00:42) the royal twins go home today and we see them for the first time  
tv2 clip (11:54) in case you want another look, a very happy and relieved frederik at his press conference on january 8  
  
 

thanks benedikte!  and thanks gudinde :))labels: birth, frederik, mary, twins

posted by lotte | 2:28 pm
       |
         0 comments





thursday, 13 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 mary & the twins readying to leave hospital
	                       
                          


as reported, the crown prince couple will leave the hospital with the twins in the late afternoon tomorrow (friday). it has been speculated in the press that the twins may have been jaundiced, which is very common among twins and premature babies. chief obstetrician morten hedegaard said the twins were born early at the press conference last saturday. he said they had been due towards the end of january. meanwhile, there are a few things to ponder. what will mary wrap the twins in? crown princess mary used a shawl knitted by her mother, the late henrietta donaldson, as a receiving blanket for both prince christian and princess isabella when leaving the hospital. it is an old traditional shetland christening shawl pattern (like this: see marianne knorborg's site, who translated and developed the pattern in 2005). the other 'twin problem' for mary and frederik is that there is just one traditional royal 140-year-old christening robe, which has been used since christian x was christened (see drws | christening robe and font ). the royal children who have been christened in this robe are: 
prince christian
prince carl (king haakon vii of norway from 1905)
prince harald 
prince gustav
princess louise
princess thyra
princess dagmar
frederik ix
prince knud (once heir presumptive to the throne)
queen margrethe
princess benedikte
queen anne-marie
princess elisabeth
count ingolf of rosenborg
count christian of rosenborg
crown prince frederik
prince joachim
prince christian
princess isabella 
one problem is sorted however. the babies will have a twins pram from odder. prince christian and princess isabella had an odder pram (so did princes nikolai and felix) and mary has ordered one in beige for the twins. not only has the odder factory made prams for the current younger generation, but in 2007 they did a special commission for queen margrethe, which demonstrates both her sense of history and sense of humour. the queen found an old pram in the attics at amalienborg which was used for her as a small child. she thought the next generation should also enjoy it, so the charming old wagon received a new set of wheels, a new hood and it had a license plate mounted on it which said [roughly] 'quite small crown car'. the queen gave it to christian and isabella to play with at chancellory house.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
berlingske tidende royal twins suffering from jaundice
says there is speculation about why the twins are still in hospital six days after their birth. berlingske tidende quotes b.t. that the twins are suffering jaundice."mary and the kids are doing well, but the twins have been undergoing treatment for jaundice," says a source from university hospital to b.t. the source is also known by berlingske tidende.jaundice is usually a harmless condition which colors the skin and eyes yellow. the twins right now lie in a special ultra violet light box that breaks down the substance called bilirubin that causes jaundice.the condition often affects premature babies, and last saturday obstetrician morten hedegaard said that the twins were born a few weeks before term.both twins scored the highest points on the apgar score, and both had good birth weights, despite the fact that they are born prematurely. the little prince weighed 2674 grams and measured 47 cm, while the little princess weighed 2554 grams and measured 46 cm.the court does not want to comment on the children's health, but confirms that it is their small sizes which keeps them in the hospital."they are doing really well and everything is as it should be. they are still hospitalised because they are small babies who are born prematurely. it is therefore quite natural that they are staying longer in hospital than single birth babies," says the court's press chief lene balleby to b.t.when prince christian was born five years ago the crown prince couple had to take their firstborn back to the hospital for light treatment because he developed jaundice after six days. therefore in the  first images of the little prince he had a yellowish tinge on face and hands. christian otherwise also had a beautiful birth - 3,500 grams and 51 cm.
billed bladet twins not to go home earlier than friday
13 january 2011 | preben petersenaccording to billed bladet's information the crown prince couple will not leave hospital on thursday and it will be friday at the earliest. there has been speculation in denmark about when the twins will be seen. in the entrance hall at rigshospitalet the press area is ready and the press is anticipating the announcement of when the crown prince couple and their newborns leave. the crown prince couple are known not to take chances when it comes to their children's well-being. prince christian was born on 15th october 2005 and left rigshospitalet with his parents on 18th october 2005. princess isabella was born on 21st april 2007 and left the rigshospitalet with her parents on the 23rd april 2007. 
  
billed bladet crown princess mary's sister looks forward to them arriving home. billed bladet came across mary's sister jane and her father.
mary is getting the best treatment at university hospital as anyone one could wish. but being in her own familiar environment is now the best. and all in the immediate family will be looking forward to the moment when the university hospital's maternity ward will be replaced by the newly decorated nursery. also, mary's sister looks forward to her little sister back home where she is waiting with her father. "we look forward to the twins arriving home," jane stephens said today when she and john donaldson went for a walk around amalienborg palace in the company of the crown prince couple's dog ziggy.
hello! magazine princess mary and twins to go home in next few days 
berlingske tidende mary's sister visited the twins for nine hours and susan moody and john donaldson also visited  

berlingske tidende gallery the twins' siblings  
berlingske tidende gallery the twins are 'so-oo big'

zdf.de clip

 

photos © martin høien/billed bladet, jesper sunesen/billed bladet, getty images 
thanks cph :))labels: christian, frederik, isabella, mary, queen margrethe, ziggy

posted by lotte | 5:03 pm
       |
         0 comments








                      	 
                      	 official statement : mary & the twins to leave hospital tomorrow
	                       
                          


photo © martin høien/billed bladet
the crown prince couple's website:

trh the crown prince and crown princess are leaving rigshospitalet
issued thursday january 13, 2011

their royal highnesses the crown prince and crown princess are leaving rigshospitalet in copenhagen with the new born twins tomorrow on january 14 in late afternoon. there will be a brief photo opportunity in the vestibule at rigshospitalet.

please observe that the use of flash is not allowed in consideration of the newborns.

kind regards

lene balleby
head of communications


kongehusetlabels: birth, frederik, mary, twins

posted by lotte | 4:02 pm
       |
         0 comments





wednesday, 12 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 mary & her twins enjoy close family but remain in hospital
	                       
                          


photo © billed bladet | jesper sunesen: frederik busy going between the palace and the hospital
in denmark today there is no information yet on when crown princess mary and the twins might be leaving hospital. this is no doubt a good thing since it should be the health of the twins and their mother which determines the media schedule, not the other way around. billed bladet reports that at 9:30 this morning crown prince frederik has taken prince christian and princess isabella to visit their mother and their new brother and sister. it is reported that yesterday in the evening mary had a quiet time with just family visitors and her sister jane, who stayed with her for around 8 hours. billed bladet has since reported that after a two hour visit with mary and the twins, crown prince frederik returned the children to amalienborg palace with a tear stained isabella in his arms. the older children have been separated from their mother since saturday and frederik, in collaboration with john donaldson, susan moody and the children's nannies are trying to ensure that christian and isabella are doing as well as can be at home at amalienborg.  

billed bladet christian and isabella enjoy a cosy morning with mary
12 january 2011 | ulrik ulriksenthere is every indication that mary will not leave the university hospital today after her oldest royal rugrats have been visiting.this morning crown prince frederik picked up prince christian and princess isabella at amalienborg palace so that they could visit rigshospitalet's maternity ward to be together with mary and twins.christian was in top form as he arrived at the hospital at half past nine in the morning. christian and isabella had a couple of large teddy bears with them...the crown princess spent a snug evening yesterday with visits from immediate family: frederik took christian, isabella and her father john donaldson plus her eldest sister jane. jane in particular was with mary and the twins at the maternity ward for almost eight hours.
b.t.  snuck in with christian and isabella:
mary's sister in secret visit to the hospitalkarina sven farm tuesday, 11 january 2011, 17:22the twins are already a major attraction within the family. on tuesday afternoon  christian and isabella visited again. and mary's stepmother had visited earlier. and yesterday mary's sister was in the hospital for nine hours.the noses of hyper-attentive danish journalists and photographers and the australian newspaper the mercury [ie: news ltd's lucy carne 'syndicated' to 9 or more masts] spotted mary's sister jane stephens at rigshospitalet.since the jungle drums sounded, she made more than a 24-hour-long trip from tasmania to denmark to see the new family members, the press has pretty well been on our toes. but in vain.jane stephens landed on monday and subsequently spent nine hours at the hospital in the company of her sister, her brother-in-law and the newborns.she arrived at the hospital in one of the royal family's cars, but did not want to talk to the press which were present. she had a large gift from a local children's store with her.at 20.45, jane left the hospital again, this time in the company of prince christian, princess isabella and their father the crown prince. late on tuesday afternoon, christian and isabella once again visited their new siblings.

photo © b.t./jeppe michael jensen 

the courier mail mary and twins preparing to go home   
female first.uk princess mary and twins to leave hospital  
  
billed bladet isabella sad at leaving mary
digital journal opinion: danish monarchy shines, while politics sputters  
the huffington post princess mary gives birth to twins in copenhagen  
cbs news celebrity circuit denmark's crown princess gives birth to twins  
the examiner danish royal twins greeted with joy and passports
aol news danish crown princess gives birth to twins

tv2 gallery - an interesting look at what some of the world press made of mary's twin's birth   


drfgarden youtube of frederik's press conference (12:20)  
tv2 early news report from tv2. the media is ready for the twins to leave hospital, but are they?labels: birth, christian, frederik, isabella, jane stephens, john d. donaldson, mary, susan donaldson, twins

posted by lotte | 4:06 pm
       |
         0 comments





tuesday, 11 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 christian's & isabella's big week (plus a wrap)
	                       
                          


after the excitement of the birth of the twins, news has slowed down as we wait to find out when the crown prince couple will leave hospital with the newborn babies. ekstra bladet reports that the hospital foyer might be mistaken for a painter's conference because of the 30 or so step ladders crowding the area. the media organisations and photographers set up step ladders for the best vantage points for when mary and frederik exit with the babies. journalists from denmark and abroad are hoping to secure the best possible place for photos and questions although it is not yet known when crown prince couple will show themselves and their newborns to the danish people.

meanwhile prince christian and princess isabella have had their own busy week, b.t. reports. last tuesday, january 4, christian and isabella attended the garnison sogns menigheds børnehave (garrison parish church's preschool) which is very close to amalienborg. the kindergarten newsletter simply welcomes "christian and isabella" and has refused to comment more. in something familiar to all families the world over, the newsletter warned parents to check their children's hair for lice. even royals are not immune to the fundamentals of everyday life! prince felix attended this kindergarten before 'graduating' to krebs' school, where nikolai attends, and which frederik and joachim also attended as children. the kindergarten is attached to the church which crown prince frederik, crown princess mary, christian and isabella attended for church service last christmas eve. there are many new arrangements for the crown prince family since moving into the newly renovated frederik viii's palace at amalienborg. it now seems very likely that the drive crown princess mary made across the square at amalienborg last week with ziggy to pick up the children was a drive to pick them up at their new kindergarten. b.t. sources confirm that the royal couple have been driving christian and isabella to kindergarten, just as any parents do. the kindergarten is a private institution which has around seven nursery children aged 2-3 years and 31 children aged 3-6 years. the kindergarten writes on their website that they give very high priority to play and friendship, so perhaps, b.t. suggests, it is here that prince christian and princess isabella will meet good  friends they will have for life.

visitors to the twins yesterday and today included countess alexandra, princes nikolai and felix and martin jørgensen, julie mølsgaard and ellen hillingsø. mary's eldest sister jane stephens spent 9 hours at the maternity ward with mary and the twins after arriving from australia and missing the media scrum in the foyer by going in another entrance, as did christian and isabella.  


prince henrik has caused a stir (another!) with his comments about newborns. henrik can always be depended upon for some colour, and there is no doubt that frederik and mary would understand exactly what he means with no offence taken. there is no doubt he is an attentive and loving grandfather to all his grandchildren, if photographic evidence is a measure. (see below)

b.t. ellen hillingsø shakes her head at the henrik:'they are not ugly'kenan seeberg | karina sven farm (bt-ksv) - tuesday, 11 january 2011, 13:37actress ellen hillingsø disagree with prince henrik's assessment of the royal twins.hillingsø visited his childhood friend crown prince frederik [for a half hour visit]... is it true that the twins are ugly like prince henrik says, bt.dk asked her."no, no,no," she replied.how were they?"they are extremely cute," she smiled.ellen hillingsø's friendship with crown prince frederik is one of the many friendships that have been passed down in the royal family. their mothers, birgitte hillingsø and queen margrethe, went to school together. 
   

1) and 2) alexandra, nikolai, martin jørgensen and felix, 3) ellen hillingsø, 4) some of the waiting media
photos © hello!magazine.com, b.t./jeppe michael jensen, sn.dk/thomas arnbo, b.t./nils meilvang                
msn starlounge christian photographed arriving at the hospital
due to a strong cold prince christian did not see the twins before sunday...late monday, he returned to rigshospitalet to visit his mother and the two new siblings.as with the visit on sunday, crown prince frederik's and crown princess mary's eldest son used a lift to access the maternity ward. mary's father, john donaldson, together with his wife susan moody take care of christian and his little sister, princess isabella, while mary is in hospital. lightening the load for frederik who as a father of four, he has his hands full. "the crown prince is actually more tired than the crown princess. they look forward to getting home and getting started with a regular routine. it is, of course, a handful for them, but i am sure they will do it well," said countess alexandra, when she visited earlier in the day with martin jørgensen and the new babies cousins, prince felix and prince nikolai. mary's sister jane stephens has also just arrived in copenhagen to help with the newborns.
b.t. speculates about frederik and mary needing more help with the children. frederik and mary have remained hands-on parents even though they have had various nannies. they spend a lot of time with the children, read them stories and comfort them if they have bad dreams just as any parents do.   

sn.dk a bit of a stir from prince henrik. he has suggested that newborn babies are not beautiful, including his own grandchildren. prince henrik is on one of the annual royal hunts today and was asked about the new babies. "they are as ugly as other babies. i do not think that babies are beautiful,"said prince henrik tuesday morning about the crown prince couple's newborn twins. his reply came before setting out for the hunt. "but the twins are cute above all, they have some good potential, so i'm happy about them. the best part is that their parents are happy and well and that the crown princess is in fine form," he said,...
 

the daily telegraph princess mary's twins meet siblings 
hello! magazine denmark's new little prince and princess start to receive first visitors  
the mercury (hobart) mary leaving hospital soon  


thanks commoner, cph and gudinde :))labels: birth, christian, ellen hillingsø, frederik, garnison preschool, isabella, jane stephens, julie mølsgaard, mary, prince henrik, twins

posted by lotte | 6:31 pm
       |
         0 comments





sunday, 9 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 mary, the twins & their visitors
	                       
                          

 graphic:politiken. the new line of succession following the birth of the twins.

let's get to some updating! after a long and eventful day at rigshospitalet, crown princess mary had some relative calm and rest on saturday night, with crown prince frederik by her side, reported billed bladet and b.t.  prince christian and princess isabella have visited mary and the twins, but did so through a different entrance so they didn't have to go past the waiting media. frederik went to amalienborg to pick them up to take them to the hospital. they were very excited to see their new siblings, lene balleby told tv2. the day after the birth saw friends of the crown prince couple visiting rigshospitalet. first was caroline and peter heering (private secretary to mary, peter is an old friend of frederik's), tanja and chris minh doky (lady-in-waiting to mary and chris is an old friend of frederik), anja camilla alajdi, friend and stylist to mary and otto reedzt-thott and helle reedzt-thott (mary is godmother to one of their sons). from b.t. who spoke to mary's friend and stylist anja camilla alajdi, "mary is up already. she is doing well, she is doing really well and looks good," says alajdi. she is equally impressed with the new little ones. "they are very dear, very sweet and still very small. but i think they are really adorable. they have lots of hair on their heads and have great coloring!" says anja alajdi. frederik has spoken to prince joachim on the phone and joachim has congratulated them. joachim and marie are abroad on a long-planned trip, about which the court has not given any details. 
monday morning: alexandra has visited with martin jørgensen, prince nikolai and prince felix. countess alexandra has reported to the press that frederik is more tired than mary. susan and john donaldson have also been spotted in the car park. tv2 article and clip in which alexandra follows nikolai's opinion that the little princess looks like princess isabella. alexandra says they are looking very, very well. 

 strange fact : mary has given birth on a saturday each time she has given birth. in another twist, mary herself was born on a saturday on 5 february, 1972. frederik was born on a sunday.
gifts received by mary include flowers and teddy bears for each twin from the danish prime minister, and two little hand knitted jumpers from one of mary's patronages the danish stroke association
update 10 january 2011: ekstra bladet the court has just announced that mary will not go home from hospital today. the family will take at least another day in the clinical setting of rigshospitalet.
"they do not leave today," confirms the court's communications director, lene balleby, to [waiting press]. the court will in due course inform the press when the parents and the new little royals will be on show, so everyone can be ready to catch a glimpse of the yet unnamed twins. a large group of press people remain at the hospital reporting who is visiting the royal delivery room.

ekstrabladet.dk can simultaneously report that the crown princess is making use of one room only. reports that the royal house used a large number of rooms are untrue. mary has only one room at her disposal, and the rooms next to her are still available for births, said rigshospitalet press department.
the new line of succession was signed into law by queen margrethe on june 12, 2009 after votes across two parliaments and a referendum in june 2009. the first-born will be heir to the throne regardless of gender in future. the immediate consequence of this is that princess isabella will not be supplanted by her new little brother in the order of succession.

       
1) caroline heering, 2) anja camilla alajdi, 3)tanja and chris minh doky, 4) elisabeth and christian buchwald and their children, 5) john and susan donaldson, 6) birgitte and jeppe handwerk, 7) countess alexandra, martin jørgensen, prince nikolai and prince felixphotos © jeppe michael jensen/b.t., ekstra bladet, claus bech/b.t.
tv2 lene balleby reports that prince christian and princess isabella have visited the twins, and were very excited. they came through a different entrance, away from the gathered press. "they've been there and they thought it was really exciting to see their new siblings," said the royal family's communications officer lene balleby to tv2.dk.
  jyllands posten mary's family in hobart rejoice over birth "the family are really glad for frederik and mary. it makes us really very happy that the twins are healthy and happy and that all three have come through the birth well," says mary's sister jane stephen to the australian news bureau aap... the story has filled much of australia's news..."australians can't get enough of this story," said australian journalist angela cox to tv2 news. also, tasmania's premier, david bartlett expressed happiness over the royal expansion. mary's father, john donaldson was in denmark for the birth where he was looking after isabella and christian at amalienborg.
b.t. frederik stayed with mary and the twins   
b.t. christian and isabella met the twins and avoided the press christian and isabella have visited their new brother and sister for the first time. little prince christian and princess isabella greeted their new siblings but it was without prying eyes! the royal house chose to cheat the entire world press [huh? they are small children!] and smuggled those two little ones through rigshospitalet's underground carpark entrance and from there directly up the elevator to the second floor, to mary and the twins. in the afternoon daddy frederik slipped out to amalienborg to retrieve christian and isabella, to take them to rigshospitalet and get a hug from mum and greet their new siblings for the first time. 
berlingske tidende when do the twins go home? it is still uncertain when crown prince frederik is to leave the university hospital with his wife and the twins. normally, newborn twins are in hospital between between four and seven days but there are many factors which play a role.  many are eagerly awaiting news on when crown princess mary leaves the hospital with the two tiny newborn twins, but when it happens can only be guessed... "it is a very individual thing when you're ready to go home, but you are probably a few days longer on average when you have twins born than a single birth. you have  to have breastfeed working well, since it is two children who need food," says marianne skovby rasmusson. [a midwife at another hospital] she explains that to be taken into account a variety of things - including how the mother is, whether the babies are well and whether they will eat...
billed bladet stories - most pages also have video clips on billed bladet's youtube channel too: 
billed bladet frederik spent the night with mary and twins 09 january 2011 | jan bergman after a long and eventful day at rigshospitalet crown princess mary could on saturday evening go to sleep with the knowledge that her beloved husband was by her side. it is a mature father which denmark has witnessed during these days, when crown prince frederik stands as proud father and husband, and tells the world how wonderful and fantastic everything is with the twins' births. and it is not only in words, but also with actions that the crown prince shows his strength, maturity and quality as a loving father figure. last night crown prince frederik was at rigshospitalet with his beloved wife and the couple's newborn twins. crown princess mary has undeniably needed all the support and help she can get and her husband is there for her. with crown prince frederik safely by her side, the crown princess spent her first night at the hospital fairly calm and rested. 
billed bladet caroline and peter heering visited in the late morning
billed bladet joachim and marie will not visit mary in hospital because they are on a long-arranged trip overseas. lene balleby did not say where the prince and princess are.   billed bladet princess isabella and prince christian have seen their new smaller siblings.  09 january 2011 | henrik salling for the first time since the twins' birth the crown prince couple's family was gathered together on sunday afternoon. led by grandfather john donaldson princess isabella and prince christian arrived at 2:20pm at rigshospitalet to visit their two new siblings. according press chief lene balleby it was a good visit, and exciting to see their new little brother and little sister. until the last there was doubt as to whether prince christian was healthy enough to visit his new siblings since he was suffering a cold. but today he was healthy enough to be in the vicinity of the two small ones. after a short visit they went home again to amalienborg. after christian's and isabella's visits, it was mary's lady-in-waiting tanja doky and her husband chris minh doky who had the pleasure of visiting the crown prince couple and their newborn twins.  
billed bladet stylist: crown princess mary is out of bed 09 january 2011 | anna johannesen and preben petersen crown princess mary has come along after the physically demanding twins' birth 24 hours ago. crown princess mary's stylist anja camilla alajdi said early sunday afternoon that mary is not bedridden any longer, and that the crown princess looks gorgeous. the stylist, who is responsible for the crown princess' look when she is out and about doing public tasks, was full of admiration for mary, but she also had some words for the small twins. "the twins have mary's colors, i think," said anja camilla alajdi.
billed bladet see clip of today's visitors caroline and peter heering, tanja doky with her husband chris, mary's stylist anja camilla alajdi, friend baron otto reedtz-thott and baroness helle reedtz-thott and frererik's long-time friend christian buchwald and his family.         

b.t. anja camilla alajdi reports that mary is in top form. "mary is up already. she is doing well, she is doing really well and looks good," says alajdi to b.t.'s reporter. she is equally impressed with the new little ones. "they are very dear, very sweet and still very small. but i think they are really adorable. they have lots of hair on their heads and have great coloring!" says anja alajdi who left a beautiful bouquet with the twins' mother. mary's stylist arrived immediately after another of frederik's really good friends had visited. "they are great, everything is wonderful," as a very happy christian buchwald says.  

the sydney morning herald smh does an ad for ugg boots: royal order of the booties - hail mary, mother of four   
the adelaide adevertiser mary plans twins' aussie visit   
hello! magazine 'we call him prince elvis' jokes prince frederik as he announces arrival of twins   
¡hola!  los príncipes christian e isabella ya conocen a sus dos nuevos hermanos - christian and isabella have met their new brother and sister   

dr.dk clip (2:02) the reporter talks about expecting the visit of christian and isabella and we see christian buchwald, his wife elisabeth and their children visiting mary, frederik and the twins. the buchwald children have grown since they visited christian and then isabella!  
dr.dk clip (0:42) friends visiting the hospital  
b.t. the royal house's communications director lene balleby arrived at the hospital at 10am on sunday. the newborn twins and their mother, crown princess mary, are thriving. sunday morning, just over a day after they were born, the court informs that all is well in the maternity room at rigshospitalet. "both mother and children are doing well and everything is as it should be," says communications director lene balleby. throughout saturday one visit followed another in close succession, when queen margrethe, prince henrik and mary's father, john donaldson, came by to admire their two new grandchildren. older brother christian and sister isabella had not greeted the twins on saturday as christian was unwell with a cold. the royal house did not confirm when they would visit. parents of twins usually stay between four and seven days in the maternity ward and more days if the children are born by caesarean section.since mary gave birth in the traditional manner without complications, she may be among the new mothers who choose to go home early. but as yet there has been no decision about when that will happen.

  b.t. gallery visitors gallery with photos of alexandra, martin, nikolai and felix added         berlingske tidende gallery the line of succession is the theme   
berlingske tidende gallery day two's visitors to mary and the twins
b.t. gallery of mary through her twin pregnancy   
b.t. gallery visitors to rigshospitalet and then lots of family pics
jyllands posten gallery 8 january, after the birth   
jyllands posten gallery frederik and mary and the children
billed bladet

7 news clip (1:42) princess mary's new arrivals (angela cox needs to check on on how to pronounce the name christian)   
9 news clip (1:33) princess mary gives birth to twins
9 news clip (2:43) prince frederik describes the birth of his twins
tv2 clip (2:03) about the danish and the interantional media covering the twins' birth   

thanks to gudinde, jema, mls, vik, coco, kimberley and alexmarylabels: alexandra, anja alajdi, birgitte handwerk, chris minh doky, christian buchwald, elisabeth buchwald, felix, jeppe handwerk, martin jørgensen, nikolai, susan donaldson, tanja kjærsgaard doky

posted by lotte | 11:34 pm
       |
         3 comments





saturday, 8 january 2011



                      	 
                      	 mary has given birth to a prince and a princess! frederik: "two healthy children"
	                       
                          

crown prince frederik has appeared at the traditional post birth press conference with the same elation we witnessed when prince christian and princess isabella were born, but 'times two'. chief obstetrician dr morten hedegaard said the birth started spontaneously, it was around 5 hours long and crown princess mary did very very well to give birth without complications. he said it was a ”dreambirth”  and both babies had full apgar points. frederik said that the "narrow circle" in the family - including queen margrethe - had previously been informed of the sexes of the two children. "the names we are still talking about, and i've just been told that he was born on elvis's birthday. then one of them we'll call elvis so far," said the crown prince with a smile.

frederik said that it "was not" as nail-biting as the birth of the couple's first child, but he described it as "fantastic" and talked about how along the way during the birth "there were two small hearts to keep an eye on". "it is close to being unreal because, while standing half an hour with the first born, the mother begins fighting again to give birth again before the girl arrived, said the crown prince, who talked about the double worry, but also that it is "a double miracle".


    


frederik shed a tear or two, says billed bladet

countess alexandra, mother of princes nikolai and felix, congratulates the crown prince couple

b.t. prince henrik is the first visitor to see the twins
 

the birth team, morten hedegaard, birgitte hillerup are in the front:




photos © dr.dk jeppe michael jensen © scanpix, b.t. jeppe michael jensen, b.t. keld navntoft the crown prince couple's website

berlingske tidende
it is close to being unreal 
denmark is a prince and a princess richer. the crown prince calls it a great and rich experience.
by anders hvass, jens ejsing
saturday the 8. january 2011, 11: 40
it was a happy and cheerful crown prince frederik who just after at 11.30 told the danish people that he and the crown princess are parents of two healthy children.
"my wife has given birth to two healthy children. a boy first and a girl afterwards," said frederik to the large and enthusiastic media pack at rigshospitalet.
the newborns were born with just under a half hour interval, the first at 10.30, and the next at 10:56. according to the crown prince they both have dark hair, and the family are all doing well, "like the father"," as he said with a smile.
the boy is 47 cm long and weighs 2674 grams. the girl is 46 cm and weighs 2554.
crown prince frederik praised his wife and at the same time said that the two older siblings have not yet been told about the births.
"i am very impressed by women and what you do. we are now taking one day at a time, now that there will be a newborn period."
he added that the queen "gave a sigh of relief and is totally pleased" that both births went well.
he said that it "was not" as nail-biting as the birth of the couple's first child, but he described it as "fantastic" and talked about how along the way during the birth "there were two small hearts to keep an eye on".
"it is close to being unreal because, while standing half an hour with the first born, the mother begins fighting again to give birth to the next before the girl arrived, said the crown prince, who talked about the double worry, but also that it is "a double miracle".
he could not say anything about what the twins will be called, but noted, however, with a gleam in the eye, that they are born on the same date as the king, elvis presley, and said: "so that we can all start to call him elvis."
congratulations are already beginning to flow in. the prime minister was among the first to send a congratulations [with flowers and toys for the babies], and prince henrik was the first to visit.
billed bladet at the hospital right now: frederik could not hold back the tears
the proud new father admitted honestly he was not able to hold back the tears. 
08 january 2011 | preben petersen
crown prince frederik followed his own tradition and shed a tear or two over the birth of the twins at rigshospitalet.
when he stood before the many press officers in the lobby at rigshospitalet, he admitted with a smile to billed bladet's anna johannesen, that he wept.
"yes, i don't think we should hold back," said the crown prince with a big smile to billed bladet's questions.
the pace of birth came on fairly quickly, but the crown prince was clear: "we have felt reassured through the entire process, said frederik on own and crown princess mary's behalf."

the sydney morning herald a boy and girl for mary   
the daily telegraph princess mary gives birth to twins in copenhagen hospital   
tv2 article prins elvis? - in the press conference frederik made a joke about calling the boy prince elvis because it is elvis' birthday (see 
news.com.au - thousands of elvis fans flock to parkes)  
news.com.au princess mary has given birth to twins in a copenhagen hospital  
the australian princess mary gives birth to twins

b.t. frederik: mother is totally happy
nicolai holle | susanne johansson-saturday the 8. january 2011, 12: 15
the crown prince has a huge smile and good news after a successful birth
bathed in camera flashes crown prince frederik today conveyed the good news at rigshospitalet.
"their mother is totally happy," was the message from the happy father who has just been blessed with twins.
"it is a miracle times two (...) it is, of course, double trouble, until they are born. but now we have peace of mind. we are confident and extremely satisfied. we feel very safe now," said the fledgling father of twins to the world press.
he characterises the birth as a 'dream birth'.
the first birth took place at 10.30 when the boy was born. approximately half an hour afterwards the girl arrived.
and so it was the culmination of the twin pregnancy which has occupied danish and foreign media in the last little while. and as has been well:
"the birth has been tremendous. first comes the one and a half hour later the next came out. it is unreal for a father and a husband," the happy crown prince said. 
jyllands posten 
by sarah kott | else boelskifte | kaare sørensen published 8:01:11 pm. 11:33 the article is updated crown princess mary has given birth to two beautiful children. "a miracle times two," says an enthusiastic crown prince. "i'm here to tell something wonderful. mary has given birth to two beautiful children ... a boy first ... and a girl afterwards," said the crown prince to reporters at the university hospital before he was applauded enthusiastically.a miracle times two the prince weighs 2674 grams and is 47 centimeters long, while the princess is 2554 grams and 46 centimeters. they were born with a half-hour interval - the prince at 10:30 and the princess at as 10:56. the children have dark hair." "their mother is doing well," said the crown prince, who called the birth "a miracle times two." he described himself as relieved and overjoyed. "we could not be more happy than we were this time." "there is two lots of care and two lots of attention. there are two hearts to keep an eye on. i've been really close to it. you [i - is using royal you] stand in the first half hour period while the mother must fight on. and then came the next - a girl," said crown prince frederik. he said that the "narrow circle" in the family - including queen margrethe - had previously been informed of the sexes in the two children. "we are still talking about the names, and i've just been told that the boy was born on elvis's birthday. then one of them we'll call elvis so far," said the crown prince with a smile. the 38-year-old crown princess mary and 42-year-old crown prince frederik already have children prince christian, five years, and princess isabella, three years, who are respectively number two and three in succession to the throne. maybe more kids? he would not directly deny that there could be more children. "i will not stand here and say without my better half. the crown princess has done it extremely well," said the crown prince.medical team behind the birth was also satisfied. "it was almost a dream birth. the crown princess has given birth little before her due date, which was in late january...," said the crown princess's obstetrician, clinical chief morten hedegaard. first twins in succession it is the first time that twins are in the line of succession. they are at number four or five. so far, the only twins in the glücksburg family that descended from the royal family, was countess camilla josephine of rosenborg, but [her twins] are not in the line of succession. mary has both prince and princess ...three midwives and two doctors delivered the newborns. chief clinician morten hedegaard, who in recent weeks has remained ready to assist the crown princess together with professor peter damm. moreover department midwife birgitte hillerup, now has a record of helping all  frederik's and mary's flock into to the world. also chief midwife mette simonsen is experienced in royal births, while deputy chief midwife agnes nørrelund was new. after the birth the royal couple and the newborns are in the "pink room" in the maternity ward, where there is plenty of room to welcome all the guests who are expected in the next days. like other expectant twin parents they are expected to stay between four and seven days in hospital. just as the doctors and midwives are well known, the same goes for "pink room", for it was here that the crown princess gave birth to christian and isabella. it was of academic interest which room the birth took place out of the 13 rooms at the maternity ward, where there is the equipment which may be required by a twin birth. 

 politiken 
happy frederik: 'a miracle' times two * mary has born two healthy children. a boy first and a girl afterwards, says a happy crown prince frederik. * boy weighs 2674 grams. the girl 2554 grams. the boy is 47 cm and the girl 46 cm, they were born with a half an hour interval. the first was born 10.30am, says the crown prince, and confirmed that the crown prince couple have known the children's sex for a while... "we are very relieved and overjoyed. we could not be more happy once again than we have been this time". 
both the newborn has dark hair. "it is such a big moment. both twins have dark hair and they both made some noise on their own. i am very impressed by women, and what they can do," says crown prince frederik, also confirming that the crown prince couple have already spoken about possible names for the two babies. "it was almost unreal because we were faced with the first, and the mother must continue to work to bring the second and then there's a girl. it was quite amazing" crown prince frederik says about the labour. prince christian and princess isabella have not yet spoken with their parents, says crown prince frederik. on the other hand, the queen and the prince consort received the a call about the arrival. "the queen welcomed the fact that both births went well," says crown prince frederik, confirming that there are two small beds ready for the new little ones. he welcomes the fact that the birth has gone so well. "the time and the speed is not so important here," said the crown prince to the question about how he had gone with the quick birth. "as i have thought most of the time, it has been whether things are going well. there are two small hearts, we must keep an eye on all the time," he said. the crown prince explained that throughout the entire process he and the crown princess had felt to be in the safe hands of the birth team, who had cared for them through the twin pregnancy through to the very birth. there is still no plan for how long the crown princess is to remain at the university hospital, says crown prince frederik. the waiting press had many questions for the proud father, and one of the journalists wanted to know whether the couple had the courage to have even more children. "we are now taking one day at a time, now there will be a period of little babies," said frederik, it was not the time to think about whether there were more children in their family. "i will not stand here and say anything. i must speak with my better half," he said."
dfgarden youtube - mary gives birth to a boy and a girl (12:00) - frederik's full press conference 

berlingske tidende gallery
dr.dk gallery

explore billed bladet here


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
after some sleep downunder, i'll be back with more. there is a deluge still to come :))labels: birth, frederik, mary, twins

posted by lotte | 7:26 pm
       |
         2 comments









 
		  		






