

welcome to militant studios

























 
 



 

 

































 
militant studios 2.0a

  
 april 23rd, 2007

                      this is mei-chan writing for melissa again! we've got tons 
                      of great news for everyone and we're really excited about 
                      the progress we've been making so far :d

                      however we're going to keep very tight lipped about this 
                      .... at least for now. 

                      until we get a proper guest book up and running for the 
                      group, please email all questions, comments and praises 
                      to gundamfantasy@gmail.com

                      we will make sure to get back to your questions and reply 
                      to every email you send us from there. :d also we do accept 
                      fanart if you want to sent them to that very same address!

                      don't forget we also have the lj, 
                      da, and gaiaguild 
                      up and running! so please join and show your support! 


                      -------------- 
april 
                      6, 2007

                      mei-chan here writing for melissa. i stayed up all night 
                      to work on fixing some dead links. our commissions page 
                      as well as the tarot card page has been updated and added 
                      with new images. the chapters continued to get written at 
                      a slow pace. (my bad) but with all the hard work from the 
                      artists, melissa and myself. i think we can get this project 
                      done. i'm very positive about it's outcome. 

                      i hope to eventually redesign the web page layout so that 
                      artwork and the stories are easier to get access too. that 
                      and it'll look even better then before. so please hang in 
                      there with us. in the mean time enjoy what we have so far. 
                      :)

                      -------------- 
 march 
                      16, 2007

                      hey just a brief update for the web page. chapters 9 and 
                      10 are online to read. we've gotten several pages done for 
                      books 1 and 2. things progress slowly but it's better then 
                      nothing at all. to whomever may view this page and support 
                      the gundam fantasy please continue to do so. your support 
                      means a great deal to all of us.

                      to look for more updates please join our live 
                      journal community as well as our gaiaonline 
                      guild

                      thank you for your support. 


                      -------------- 

 march 
                      3rd, 2007
okay, it's been a 
                      hellava long time since any type of update was done to this 
                      site. but for those of you who continue to hang through 
                      it all, there is a light at the end of the tunnel. major 
                      changes and artwork are forth coming in the next few months! 
                      as discarded (aj) pushs through school, he continues to 
                      work on chapter one. but what is nice to report is that 
                      a second artist is hard at work on chapter two as we speak. 
                      it will be a race to see who finishes first!
-------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 

 







 




 
 
 







 








