  








		eyewitness
	
















skip to main content









mineralert













search pages and people














toggle navigation














search










 
    research
 



            current research
    




 
    lineups & evaluation
 



            lineups
    




 
    links
 



            links
    




 
    utep psychology department
 



            utep psychology
    




 
    the legal psychology program
 



            the legal psychology program
    







search pages and people



my utep


resources for 
information for:



students


faculty & staff


alumni


parents





quick links 
            










x

quick links



library


parking & maps


utep news


events


student affairs


business affairs


employment opportunities


university bookstore


technology support








eyewitness

college of liberal arts







main content




utep
            college of liberal arts
    
            eyewitness
    


















eyewitness identification research laboratory

learn more 







previous



next














utep
            college of liberal arts
    
            eyewitness
    





eyewitness identification research laboratory



the eyewitness identification research laboratory in the psychology department at the university of texas at el paso (utep) focuses on research in eyewitness memory, eyewitness identification, expert testimony and many aspects of face recognition. the laboratory offers instruction and research training for both graduate and undergraduate students. established at utep in 1992, the laboratory is an outgrowth of the program of research into face recognition and eyewitness identification begun by professor roy s. malpass (cv) in the late 1960s. the site contains useful information for researchers, law enforcement officers and attorneys in the criminal justice system. the laboratory provides educational and expert witness services for law enforcement and the courts.


on this site you can:

read basic information on appropriate lineup construction procedure, and how to evaluate lineup fairness.
get our do-it-yourself kit for assessing the fairness of an eyewitness identification lineup.
view a series of lineups from real cases that present certain problems of fairness, both to the suspect and to the public.
access publications of the eyewitness identification research laboratory.
follow links to other important sources of information in eyewitness identification research, education and training, and the websites of important researchers in the field.
the eyewitness laboratory is associated with utep's psychology department legal psychology program. students interested in pursuing a graduate degree in legal psychology should consult the programs webpage for further information.




featured news



utep associate professor named foreign policy research institute templeton fellow


mengge li, ph.d., associate professor at the university of texas at el paso’s college of business administration, has been named a 2021 templeton fellow in the africa program of the foreign policy research institute (fpri). 


utep to study how research mentorships influence future diversity of scholars


the national science foundation (nsf) awarded a four-year, $248,000 grant to the university of texas at el paso to study how different undergraduate/mentor research partnerships influence future diversity in stem scholars.


utep welcomes community to campus for special edition of region's largest native plant sale


the university of texas at el paso's centennial museum and chihuahuan desert gardens invites the community to a special one-day florafest 2021 fall plant sale from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. saturday, oct. 9, at the undergraduate learning center (uglc) plaza.



stay connected










about


            eyewitness
    
            utep psychology
    
            the legal psychology program
    



undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions



connect with us

the university of texas at el paso
eyewitness:

roy s. malpass, phdprofessor emeritus of psychology

suite c-102, 7250 n. mesa street 

el paso, texas 79912
 
e: rsmalpass@gmail.com


    p: (915) 317-6047
        






















the university of texas at el paso


cares act compliance


clery crime statistics


emergency information


employment


mental health resources




public course information


report fraud


required links


state reports


texas veterans portal




title ix reporting


title ix sexual misconduct policy


ut system


web accessibility


web privacy policy




500 west university avenue |
el paso, tx 79968 |
915-747-5000 |

site feedback










modal


x















