














wilderness north - fly-in fishing
























































download the wilderness north 2025 brochure           







menu 


experiences

fishing
fly fishing
hunting
adventure
corporate retreats


destinations

overview
full service lodges
housekeeping lodges
outpost camps


2025 rates
pre trip info
faqs

about us
media

blog
fishing reports
press
videos
partners


contact us!
 






























 





welcome to wilderness north, your gateway to quintessential canadian fly-in fishing in northwestern ontario and a paradise for fishing enthusiasts. as the largest collection of fly-in lodges and outpost cabins in northwestern, ontario, canada, we provide an unparalleled experience amidst the breathtaking beauty of the vast boreal forest.

immerse yourself in the thrill of fishing for big, voracious walleye, the feisty northern pike, and the world-class brook trout that inhabit these waters.  our fly-in lodges and outposts cater to both the novice and seasoned angler, ensuring an exciting adventure for all.  let us be your guide as we strive to turn your big fish dreams into a thrilling reality. discover the essence of canadian fly-in fishing at its best with wilderness north, your premier destination for fishing lodges in ontario for your next unforgettable canadian fishing trip.
contact us














fishing packageswith wilderness north, customize a trip of a lifetime.




 

full service lodges
focus on the fish and we’ll take care of the rest!
starting at $2195 pp usd
 
 

 

housekeeping lodges
where staff ensures your comfort, allowing you to set the schedule
starting at $1300 pp usd
 
 

 

outpost cabins
a diy experience where you're in control – dropped off at your private cabin on a serene lake, on your own schedule
starting at $1350 pp usd
 
 








how it works

1. choose your experience
(type of fishing or adventure)
2. select your destination
(includes levels of service)
3. book your trip
(pick dates and pack your bags)
talk to our sales team







  






 

it's all about the north

we have been sharing the northwestern ontario wilderness with our guests for 30 years. our conservation practices have paid off and the proof is there; our fisheries are amazing. we service our 3 full service lodges, 2 housekeeping lodges and 10 outpost camps with our fleet of reliable aircrafts and the wilderness has never been more accessible. fly in and experience world class fishing. the wilderness is calling, it’s time to answer.
























4
number of fish species in our lakes


250
master anglers caught in 2022


674
number of honey holes our fishing guides know


30
number of years we've been in operation for







northern ontario’s premier fly-in fishing adventures: where fishing is what we do
in the heart of ontario, canada, wilderness north thrives on a deep-rooted passion for the great outdoors, ignited by our love for fishing. our journey into the unknown in search of the next significant catch is an adventure we’re eager to impart.

boasting over 250,000 lakes and 60,000 miles of rivers, northern ontario stands as the premier fly-in fishing destination in north america. amidst this pristine wilderness, teeming with walleye, northern pike, lake trout, and brook trout, you're guaranteed an unparalleled experience with the best of canadian sport fish. wilderness north invites you to explore the untamed beauty of ontario's fly-in fishing and make lasting memories in the heart of canada's fishing paradise.








talk to uswe’ll call you back within 30 seconds request callback








 


hottest fishing gifts to give 2024

december 17, 2024

fishing
gear 

gift guide for anglers: top gear picks for 2025 when it comes to fishing gear, who better to research the latest and greatest than someone who’s spent…
read the article







 wilderness north on instagram








get all the latest wilderness news





by signing up for our newsletter you agree to the privacy policy and terms.


email

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











13689










about
						at wilderness north, our passion for the great outdoors began with our love of fishing. adventuring into the  world's largest intact boreal forest is an experience we have always wanted to share with visitors from around the globe. with more than 250,000 lakes and 60,000 miles of river teeming with fish and ready to explore,  northern ontario is the number one outdoor adventure destination in north america. 					

location
531 shipyard dr.
thunder bay, ontario
p7a 8a8 po box 22012, strathcona rpo
thunder bay, on
p7a 8a8
 

contact

toll: 888-465-3474 phone: 807-983-2047 fax: 807-346-0832 


















© 2025 wilderness north. all rights reserved.privacy policy|sitemap|terms & conditions
site by chez koop






























