



 



offshore banks: what you should know about banking offshore















































home
news
travel
advertise
contact



















international and offshore banks






tweet






private banking cook islands
"capital security bank is a full service private bank working with international clients seeking offshore banking services."



                        offshore banks and offshore banking - both individuals and companies can benefit from having an international  offshore bank account. international offshore banks understand your life on the move very well and  tailor their services to suit your unique offshore banking needs. 

these may include free  international transfers, service 24/7, offshore bank accounts in multiple currencies  and so on. 

they also make it very easy to apply for an international offshore bank account, online or over the phone – you may not have to visit a branch.

setting up and managing international business is a challenge. the even bigger challenge often is setting up an international offshore corporate bank account, since your local corporate account is mainly suited for local business only, and you may have no idea of where and which offshore bank to choose.



there are many other benefits of setting up an offshore bank account, but the question remains, which jurisdiction is ideal for you organisation. 

here is a list of  jurisdictions where you can set up an international offshore bank account. you should be very mindful that international banking has changed a lot over the years and you will definitely need to provide kyc and other infomation and documents as required by banks now.

aruba, andorra, anguilla, antigua and barbuda, austria, bahamas, barbados, belize, bermuda, british virgin islands, cayman islands, cook islands, dubai, gibraltar, isle of man, jersey, liechtenstein, malta, panama, singapore, st vincent, switzerland, turk and caicos, vanuatu








latest articles:
• myth vs reality: is offshore banking a crime?
• 11 most innovative int'l & offshore banks around the world
                  • global nomads: navigating expat banking in the 21st century
• what offshore banking is like in 2024
• how do i register an offshore company in singapore?
• 5 reasons an offshore financial institution may be best for you
• these are the best of the cheapest second passport programs
• what services does dbs bank provide for expats?
			      • what is the purpose of a nominee director? 
			      • is expat banking still important today?





 




expat banking, money, food, travel, wine

tweet






most international and offshore banks now offer expat banking services geared towards individuals working abroad. here is a list of the bank account opening procedure for expats in different countries. 

▸ full expat section






international and offshore company formation

tweet






offshore and international company incorporation by jurisdictions, including some of the benefits, the company act and service providers.

▸ full list of company incorporation jurisdictions




























				    you may also be interested in:


















important links

 
caribbean second passports
how to get a caribbean second passport - five jurisdictions.




register offshore company
how to register an offshore company in different jurisdictions.

 
use bitcoin/crypto to book flight and hotel
prepaid co-branded or white label debit card solution.



panama's friendly nations visa
live and work in panama. applies to citizens from 50 countries.


 
expat taxes
expat taxes in different jurisdictions .



hedge funds
what are hedge funds?













disclaimer: the materials contained on this website are provided for general information only and do not constitute any form of legal definition or advice. world offshore banks assume no responsibility for the accuracy of any particular statement and accepts no liability for any loss or damage which may arise from reliance on the information contained on this website. always consult with the relevant professionals. privacy policy: by using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy. 





worldoffshorebanks.com ©2000-2025 all rights reserved | legal | privacy policy and cookies | zerotheme.com 






