






webzer it - it support services in pembrokeshire





























































































 














 









 




 












01437 700 023





info@webzerit.co.uk






        pembrokeshire it & pc support    






























 








home
it services

managed it
managed microsoft 365
it support

working from home
hardware repairs
antivirus & security


hardware & software supply
epos systems
wi-fi solutions
business phone systems (voip)
non-profit


local it support
web design

our portfolio


web hosting
shop
news
contact

about us
make an appointment
our partners











0



no products in the cart.

 
 





















 












your business, our expertise 
							it support, web design & web hosting 
							
read more 
							 


local it support 
							pc & laptop repairs 
							
read more 
							 






free consultation

 

























send request









providers of local it support in pembrokeshire, camarthenshire and ceredigionshire


welcome to webzerit. our goal is to provide affordable it support and it management services to customers and businesses in pembrokeshire. along with taking care of your it needs, we do excellent web design and web hosting for your website in-house. we also provide it support to clients across the uk and abroad in addition to our services in pembrokeshire, camarthenshire, and ceredigionshire.
webzerit specializes in delivering existing solutions with a fresh perspective. we all need it solutions such as web design, webhosting, and work from home support.
with its all-in-one approach, webzerit stands out from the crowd. we provide all the it support you need under one roof!
for any support you need, please don’t hesitate to contact us!



it services






 


managed it
with webzerit fully managed it service you can expect outstanding it support and access to a wide range of leading technology providers.

read more









 


managed microsoft 365
as a leading microsoft partner that specialises in office 365 and microsoft 365, we provide a full range of migration.

read more









 


epos systems
whether you run a car wash, a flower shop, a clothing boutique or a grocery store, build it for success with a dedicated epos system.

read more









 


hardware & software supply
we understand opportunities unique to your business and partner with carefully-chosen providers to bring you the best solution. 

read more









 


wi-fi solutions
we can provide wifi consultancy and surveys to assess current wifi performance and provide recommendations as to how it can be improved.

read more









 


business phone systems (voip)
our voip phone systems are hosted in the cloud for flexibility, agility and powerful call-management features to enchance your business.

read more








webzerit are your remote support team!here when you need us

about us


here at webzerit, we specialize in delivering you existing solutions with a fresh approach. work from home support, it solutions, web design, seo, social media marketing, web hosting and managed wordpress hosting are just some of the services we offer.




rather than using different companies for all of the above, why not use just one? webzerit specializes in providing an all-in-one solution. your one-stop it shop!
a simple and efficient solution!



frequently asked questionswhat can webzerit do for me?


webzerit’s focus is delivering remote support and it management for your business, we want you to focus on your business while we make sure your it environment keeps running smoothly. on top of that, we have excellent web hosting facilities and design options. our goal is to be your one contact point for all needed it services.


what industries do you specialise in?


any industry, we have no limits.  our clients range from charities to fishing shops to jewellers. with our approach it does not matter what kind of industry your business is in.


can we book an appointment?


absolutely! you can make an appointment with us without any obligations. please use our contact page to book a free consultation.









very happy with my ecommerce website and epos system. could not have done it without webzerit and we look forward to the future working with you guys. big thank you!

andrew taggart

																							ceo, west lothian angling																					



prior to upgrading our it systems, we were very nervous about the major changes we needed to do, webzerit made the process very straightforward. thank you!

harm v/d horst

																							ceo, open domain registry																					



thank you for helping us with our creative vision, it’s been a pleasure working with you!

damy velders

																							manager, trionios b.v.																					









webzerit news





 

why outsourcing your it support is the way to go



                            read more                        





 

why should i have my own domain name?



                            read more                        





 

webzerit new website!



                            read more                        






all-in-one web solution
for your business



we pride ourselves on the quality of our website design projects. from small websites to large ecommerce projects and bespoke solutions, we have the expertise to deliver a quality website for your business.







built by our team from webzerdesign
inhouse web hosting provided by webzerhosting
24/7 support with managed hosting




our portfolio





 



 



 



 



 



 




request a call back.


would you like to speak to one of our advisers over the phone? just submit your details and we’ll be in touch shortly.





 










i would like to discuss:
	



it servicesweb designweb hostinggraphic designsomething else

















call me back 












 
 
 










2 ynys dawel
sa62 6uf, solva, pembrokeshire, wales.


 






			mon–fri: 10:00 am – 5:00 pmsaturday & sunday: closed
			


 






			01437 700 023
			


 






			info@webzerit.co.uk
			


 



























                                                                                    © 2025 webzerit.  company no. 10025869  uk vat no. 235 2224 40 designed by webzer.  hosted by webzerhosting 




 



translate »





we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






















































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by webzerit  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save changes

 












