     smyrna cadillac dealer in smyrna ga | marietta atlanta vinings cadillac dealership georgia                                                                         capital cadillac of atlanta              sales 770-884-1807    service 770-884-1810  parts 770-884-4548      2210 cobb pkwy ssmyrna, ga 30080                         service        map        contact                          capital cadillac of atlanta                       call 770-884-1807   directions                 new   buy online   new vehicles   model research   new suvs   courtesy vehicle offers   2025 cadillac escalade iq   2025 optiq   walk around videos   ev life   onstar assistance	   compare cadillac suvs     pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   pre-owned suvs   pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade   find my car     service & parts   service department   service & parts specials   request an appointment   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts   collision & body shop   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   lease offers   purchase offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   courtesy transportation specials   service & parts specials   gm special offers     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   kbb value your trade   payment calculator     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   leave us a review   contact us   william russel bridges jr tribute   careers                      new   buy online   new vehicles   model research   new suvs   courtesy vehicle offers   2025 cadillac escalade iq   2025 optiq   walk around videos   ev life   onstar assistance	   compare cadillac suvs     pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   pre-owned suvs   pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade   find my car     service & parts   service department   service & parts specials   request an appointment   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts   collision & body shop   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   lease offers   purchase offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   courtesy transportation specials   service & parts specials   gm special offers     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   kbb value your trade   payment calculator     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   leave us a review   contact us   william russel bridges jr tribute   careers               


      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                     


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        




financing






specials






service






trade



         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory   
     



2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory








2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory




      

let capital cadillac know if you are in the market to just sell your vehicle. then come to capital cadillac, let us know how much you are selling your vehicle for.... and lets see if capital cadillac can be your buyer.


learn more


       

take the next step
look forward to a powerful yet comfortable drive every time you sit behind the wheel.








schedule test drive







certified pre-owned








v-series luxury
join an elite class of passionate, performance-minded enthusiasts, and claim your piece of more than 70 years of legendary cadillac racing heritage.
explore v-series inventory

     


capital cadillac of atlanta

our family business has been providing and servicing new cadillac suvs, sedans and coupes, along with used and pre-owned certified cars, trucks and suvs near the cumberland mall galleria shopping area for more than 80 years.


hours & directions
more about us







sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed  lunch at noon -1pm  
visit us


2210 cobb pkwy s, smyrna, ga 30080


hours & directions






     

find your cadillac
explore all inventory

     


welcome to capital cadillac of atlanta near marietta and brookhaven



located at 2210 cobb parkway south (hwy 41), we're easy to find from interstate 75 at the windy hill road exit 260. just go west to cobb parkway and turn south. please view our hours and directions page for turn-by-turn driving directions to your closest cadillac dealership serving smyrna, marietta, brookhaven and beyond. let us be your number one cadillac dealer of choice with an amazing selection of vehicles and impeccable customer service.





used cars and certified pre-owned cadillac vehicles in smyrna

buying a used car has never been this easy. as your used car dealership serving smyrna, we believe in providing quality vehicles and dedication to customer satisfaction. our mission is to make sure each and every customer is happy with our service. all of our used cars come with a vehicle history report for full transparency before you make your buying decision. if you're looking for newer model year used cadillac suvs or cars with low mileage, we strongly encourage you to take a look at our certified pre-owned vehicles. these vehicles go through a
172-point inspection and reconditioning, limited warranty program,
24-hour roadside assistance, courtesy transportation and other benefits
backed by cadillac.

discover your local cadillac dealership in smyrna, ga

when you choose capital cadillac of atlanta, you’re choosing more than just a dealership—you’re choosing a partner committed to your satisfaction. our team is here to ensure a seamless experience from your first visit and continue to provide exceptional service even after you’ve driven away in your new vehicle. enjoy ongoing support from our cadillac experts right here in smyrna, ga.

why choose smyrna's nearby dealership?

choosing capital cadillac of atlanta means you benefit from the convenience of a local dealership. located on 2210 cobb pkwy se in smyrna, we’re easily accessible for all your automotive needs, including certified service, repairs, and financing. whether you need help with new cadillac financing, leasing options, or used car financing, our knowledgeable team is here to provide personalized assistance. we also offer guidance on understanding the features of your new or used cars and suv’s and selecting the right parts and accessories.



our selection of cadillac suvs, cars, and coupes for sale

cadillac exemplifies premium performance, and intelligent technology — the best qualities you can ask for in a new car. we're proud of our collection of popular
new suvs, like the cadillac xt4, xt5, cadillac xt6 and the new
lyriq. we also have
sedans, like the ct5 and ct4. as your cadillac escalade dealer, there’s no better place to find a new
escalade for sale in smyrna. we currently have excellent
suv lease so make sure you take advantage of them as well.



search new cadillac offers
cadillac lease offers

smyrna cadillac service and collision repair

capital cadillac of atlanta has certified, trained and experienced technicians who are standing by to make sure you your vehicle is serviced properly. we anything from simple oil changes, tire rotations all the way to full vehicle diagnosis. if you're looking for transmission repair, engine repair or other complicated repairs in the smyrna area, we have state of the art facility and equipment to complete those repairs properly. don't forget about tires while you're servicing your vehicle with us. we have new cadillac tires from a variety of different brands to choose from. it's important to make sure you have the right tires to keep you and your passengers safe on the road. schedule a service appointment with us online.


are you looking for a body shop or collision repair near smyrna, marietta or brookhaven? capital cadillac of atlanta has provides collision repair, but we are also able to work on all makes and models. we want to make sure your vehicle is taken care of after an accident so make sure you schedule an appointment with us today by calling (770) 884-1810. we are your trusted source for cadillac repair shops in smyrna.



schedule service
collision center





our commitment to the community

at capital cadillac of atlanta, we are proud to support and give back to our local community. we actively contribute to various causes and events in atlanta, as well as smyrna, marietta, and brookhaven. as local residents, we are dedicated to the prosperity and well-being of our community.



    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us


            



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | capital cadillac of atlanta | 2210 cobb pkwy s, smyrna, ga 30080 | sales: 770-884-1807              
















                    