



download programs, games & drivers at holyfile.com


 





 
















holyfile.com



programs
games
drivers

articles
top downloads newsletter contact rss feed





top downloads newsletter contact rss feed 


























programs
games
drivers
blog
articles





holyfile.com





 

 







 



apple
business
entertainment
internet
multimedia
security
tweaks
utilities













holyfile.com


holyfile.com - a trusted american source to download software from since 2001
look forward to entering our universe of software. all software that you'll find here is free and safe to download. many of the files here, games as programs, are licensed as freeware. this means that the software is totally free to use as well. but pay notice as some of our software is licensed as shareware and trialware as well. it is still free and safe to download and try, but you'll have to buy the software to get all advantages or to keep using it. all files located on our server has been scanned for malware with norton antivirus.
drivers make your pc run smoothly
it's also worth to pay a visit to our section with drivers. they are a very important part of any pc as drivers help your pc to communicate with the hardware installed. you can download all the drivers for free and we even offer several programs that update all your drivers safely and automatically. we can in particular recommend driverscanner, which you can try out for free.
we've got software for your mac as well
we at holyfile.com love pc as well as mac. so of course you'll find a lot of great programs and games for mac here as well. we even have specific categories with programs that you might find helpful if you use either an ipad, iphone, ipod or several of these at the same time.
we are looking forward to serving you and if you need any additional help, have questions, suggestions etc. you're always very welcome to contact us at . we strive to answer within one business day.
are you looking for a job?
if so we can warmly recommend jooble.org, which gathers jobs from many different job services.




 






 

most downloaded software at holyfile.com 






 
1: spacecadet pinball 
download spacecadet pinball for free here and get a little sentimental, while playing this…
read more 




 
2: championship manager 2: season 97 / 98
download championship manager 2 (cm2) safely and for free right here. the game is a soccer…
read more 




 
3: dosbox 0.74
download dosbox for free here. dosbox is a dos emulator, which allows you to play old game…
read more 




 
4: ventrilo 3.0.8
ventrilo is a very popular communication program that uses the technology voice over ip (v…
read more 




5: monkey island 2 -
6: monkey island - the secret of mo…
7: leisure suit larry 6  - shape up…
8: grand theft auto (gta) 3 map - l…
9: dosbox frontend reloaded
10: simcity 2000
11: sim farm
12: hotspot shield for mac
13: indiana jones
14: k.o.s.: secret operations
top downloads




 
holyfile.com newsletter










 


new computer programs




 
translucenttb 2023.1
get a transparent and delicious start menu in…



 
paint 3d 6.2305.16087.0


paint 3d is a user-friendly windows program that…



 
speedtest by ookla 


check your speed for free with speedtest by…



 



visbilleder

"view images" 3.8


viewimages for windows is a photo viewer with…



 
itop screen recorder 3.5.0.1501


get the free version or purchase the pro…



1: widget launcher
2: stock desktop widget
3: free stocks ticker
4: chart geany
5: flameshot
6: desk clock
7: trelby
8: ksnip
9: shapex
10: reasyze
see more new programs here


 
new computergames




 
100 years: life simulator 
"100 years: life simulator" offers an intriguing approach…



 


"toca boca" translates to "touch mouth" in english. 


"toca boca, a series of apps designed for…



 
alan wake ii 


are you a fan of the classic game…



 
3d chess game 


download the 3d chess game and get an…



 
microsoft sudoku 2.8.10203.0


get access to tons of challenging sudoku puzzles…



1: microsoft jigsaw
2: warsow
3: supertux
4: extreme tux racer
5: cross and bun
6: yatzy2
7: eduactiv8
8: diablo immortal (mobile / pc)
9: cities: skylines
10: elden ring
see more games here


 
latest software-updates




 
100 years: life simulator 
"100 years: life simulator" offers an intriguing approach…



 


"toca boca" translates to "touch mouth" in english. 


"toca boca, a series of apps designed for…



 
vivaldi 6.4.3160.44
vivaldi is an exciting browser for both windows,…



 
brave 1.60.118
download the brave browser for free here.



 
utorrent (µtorrent) 3.6.0
download utorrent for free here, which is a…



1: utorrent for mac
2: libreoffice
3: paint.net
4: portable firefox
5: firefox for mac
6: firefox
7: blender 3d for mac
8: blender 3d
9: 


visbilleder

"view images"
10: gimp for mac
see more software here


 





partners:

online-games



advertising:

advertising
cooperation
add software



holyfile.com:

contact
privacy field
uninstall






 











