







signed pieces

















































0








        skip to content
      
























        contact
      
















open menu
close menu




























        contact
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  contact
                






















luxury’s trusted partner














established in 2001, the signed pieces group (spg) is a key partner in helping luxury brands achieve their liquidity and sustainability goals. specializing in aged, discontinued, and stock-balanced inventory, spg ensures efficiency and transparency while safeguarding our partners’ brand equity and image.



























spg’s adapative inventory solutions 










b2b | spg wholesale

leveraging two decades of strategic alliances, spg wholesale seamlessly transitions surplus inventory to outlets, both online and brick-and-mortar establishments.











b2c | the solist

our ecommerce venture, the solist, specializes in aiding luxury brands, seamlessly transitioning display and past-season items. we offer brands control, exposure to a new audience along with access to valuable data.











b2c | luxury privé

luxury privé is our invitation-only digital friends & family shopping solution. we manage every aspect of your company's employee sales with utmost care and discretion, ensuring a seamless and secure experience.










































brand management



introducing our premier brand management service, designed to help international brands flourish in the us market. led by seasoned industry veterans from the luxury sector, we provide expert guidance and strategic support to ensure your brand's successful expansion and lasting impact. let us elevate your business to new heights in the competitive us landscape.




    contact us
  

















nyc headquarter551 5th avenue, new york



contacthello@signedpieces.com 











