







home - sbc firemaster


















































		skip to content










 













about usour productswhy choose sbc?environmentwhere to buywholesalenew for 2024!contact 





 







 







main menu

 









about usour productswhy choose sbc?environmentwhere to buywholesalenew for 2024!contact 









 









the leader in firewood and cozy evenings for over 35 years
 








every fire is a new experience, but the time spent by one remains with us all.





our products are renowned for their consistent, superior quality and are always harvested via responsible, sustainable forestry practices. they’re 100% all-natural, pest-free, and are the perfect inspiration for a snuggly, cozy adventure at home by the fireplace or in the woods communing with nature.
as elemental as a fire is, we have tested, worked, and listened to make our fire products better, safer, and yes, greener over the decades. the trees themselves haven’t changed, but we have relentlessly studied and advanced the ways in which they’re harvested, prepared, and delivered to our customers.


about our company


all our products are 100% natural, pest free and can be safely transported to all parks.
our products are renowned for their consistent, superior quality and are always harvested via responsible, sustainable forestry practices. they’re 100% all-natural, pest-free, and heat treated to 140°f (60°c) for a full 60 minutes in a computer-controlled kiln designed specifically to meet or exceed usda specifications for firewood.










.75 – cu ft premium firewood bundle










.3 cu ft premium kindling










1.4 cu ft – resourced 100% natural firelogs










1.4 cu ft – better than firewood 100% natural firelogs





we see the trees as well as the forest.




going on four decades sbc firemaster has been at the head of north america’s firewood and wood products industry because we respect and treasure our forests.


learn why we're better





 







copyright © 2025 sbc firemaster - po box 2035 - princeton, bc vox 1wo - site design
 








scroll to top























 

