





corporate kits and non profit corporate kits









































 cart     signin/signup
   help



800 529-6278



  
		

 
800 529-6278








corporate kits, certificates, seals & supplies
legal covers and bluebacks
indexes, closing sets, exhibit tabs & stickers
legal forms
attorney marketing
patent & trademark folders
professional stationery
legal supplies
will and trust stationery
practice specific products and services

  



shop    
view cart my account customer service log out log in



 corporate kits & supplieslegal covers
indexes, closing sets, exhibit tabs & stickers
legal forms
attorney marketing
patent and trademark folders
professional stationery
legal supplies
office and stock broker supplies
will and trust stationery
specials and deals
practice areas










your trusted partner since 1887

      for more than a century, blumberg has built a legacy in the legal industry. our journey began in 1887, when julius blumberg, a visionary with a knack for innovation, founded a humble store in new york city's lower east side. our roots are in stationery, but our aspiration to better serve our customers inspired us to pioneer the law form, which revolutionized the way legal transactions were conducted.
    

  we've come a long way since then, but our commitment to serving the legal community has never wavered. our spirit of innovation, our commitment to quality, and our focus on delivering value to our clients – these principles remain at the core of who we are today.
  

      we are proud to be your trusted partner in the legal field, as we have been for over a century.
    



llc, lp and corporate kits

shipped the same business day or next
free clause on certificates for online orders
free shareprinter™ template prints certificates easily
fillable pdf operating agreements (rev. 2016)  or minutes & bylaws with  kits ordered with printed forms. shop our entire line of corporate kits!
 

 nonprofit and not-for-profit corporate kits  
any of our corporate kits may be purchased for non-profit corporations.

for details on nonprofit corporate kits click here.


blumberg's best selling  
    llc/corporate kits

black beauty
      llc/corporate kits



ex libris
      llc/corporate kits 


esquire
      llc/corporate kits 



the zephyr
      llc/corporate kits 


celerity
      e- kit
 


spartan
      llc/corporate kits 


shop our entire line of llc/corporate kits


new! celerity digital certificates

with a few clicks, your llc or corporation certificates will be 
  compiled and stored in several pdfs available to download 
  and store in the safety of your computer.
learn more about blumberg's new digital certificates



blumberg's best selling 
  3-ring binders & indexes

3-ring binder with gold lettering 


beuaty 3-ring binders



lever arch 
        2-ring binders




closing sets & 
        index tabs


exhibit stickers



blank divider & 
exhibit index tabs


shop our entire line binders and indexes


blumberg's best selling  
	    notary seals, stamps and supplies

notary pocket 
        seal embossers


notary deluxe desk seal embosser


long reach seal embosser


notary stamps 
        (self-inking)


official journal of notarial acts


self-adhesive seals


shop our entire line notary supplies



 


 
   	      blumberg forms online – our best selling legal forms
view, fill-in and print completed forms (pay per transaction). 

 browser independent.
access the site with your favorite browser! no work-arounds for different browsers. 
 new viewer
          the forms are more attractive, functionality is improved. 
 easier to proceed through the stages to finalize a form


find your legal form here 



 







customer service  |  dealers  |  downloads  |  email sign up 




 

	since 1887, blumbergexcelsior, inc. all rights reserved terms of sale

customer service phone: 800-529-6278, hours 8:45am - 5:45pm est


site map | privacy policy | refund policy































































