





associated spring - precision engineered spring solutions






























































































english
portuguese






request a quote
call us 1-800-528-3795






about us
products & services
engineering
prototypes & short runs
industries/markets

contact
supplier contact










about associated spring
quality
terms & conditions
health & safety
news
events
publications
featured product








springs overview
compression springs
retaining rings & snap rings
flat spiral springs / power springs
torsion springs, torque coils & clutch springs
automotive transmission compression & stamped spring solutions
extension springs
spring pack assemblies


stampings overview
custom stampings
flat springs
compressor components
four-slide & multi-slide stampings
almen strips


spring washers overview
belleville washers
curved washers
wave washers
finger washers
disc springs
transmission washers & components


compressor components
flapper valve technology




aerospace & defense


wire forms


prototypes & short runs


medical devices








innovation in action: engineering, technology & new product development
flapper valve technology











choose your region


























precision engineered spring and stamping components serving all manufacturing industries.








springs & stampings for transmissions, engines, compressors & other critical transportation components.








get the latest version of this critical reference tool for specifying the right engineered components for your application.








custom engineered, medical-grade springs, stamping solutions and assemblies












aerospace/defense
medical devices
transportation
construction
compressors/flapper valves
diesel powertrain
energy
general industrial
telecom/electronics








click here to request a quote





welcome to associated spring
since 1857, engineering innovative precision spring & stamping solutions

since 1857, we have been a pioneer, leader & innovator in the engineered spring & precision metal component manufacturing industry. our precise solutions are built in facilities strategically located across the globe.
our engineering capability & manufacturing expertise are part of what makes our global precision components trusted to solve complex consumer product process design challenges. it is our goal to provide products that help you achieve increased performance by improving fatigue life. with our engineered springs, washers, and stampings, your product and their components will have optimal lifecycle costs.
our springs are critical in applications across multiple industries including: transportation, aerospace, construction, medical, energy, telecommunications, industrial, consumer goods & many others.
contact us today to find out how the precision solutions experts at associated spring can help your business.  learn more about associated spring 

featured product



as9100 certified aerospace & defense precision spring & stamping solutions
retaining rings, also referred to as snap rings, primarily provide shoulders to locate or retain parts on shafts or in cylinders. advantages of retaining rings are their economy of manufacture, ease of assembly and accuracy of positioning as compared to threaded fasteners.
associated spring is proud to be a global leader as a retaining rings and snap rings supplier.  the two major categories of retaining rings are internal and external:

external retaining rings are assembled over a shaft
internal rings are assembled in a cylinder

special application rings can be produced in a wide range of sizes from a variety of ferrous and non-ferrous materials as well as various material shapes:

rectangular
square
round
tapered
beveled

associated spring is capable of manufacturing custom retaining rings in a multitude of sizes with oblique configurations in the free-state to maximize ring concentricity in the groove at the installed position. for applications requiring axial load in addition to the radial load at the installed position, associated spring can manufacture custom retaining rings with axial waves to meet both requirements.
our precision solutions company is also capable of engineering and manufacturing retaining rings with special end configurations and tabs to locate the retaining ring within the assembly and prevent ring rotation in the application.
depending on your application, our custom retaining rings are available with or without special coatings for lubricity and/or corrosion protection.
our retaining ring product line services the transportation, aerospace/defense, medical, industrial, durable/commercial goods and electronics markets.
associated spring facilities are third-party certified to as9100, iso9001 or ts16949 and iso 14001 depending on the markets serviced.
to learn more about associated spring’s innovative engineered retaining rings and how our company can help you with your design and manufacturing challenges, please contact us.
how to specify:
a blueprint or sketch is the best way to specify your retaining ring/snap ring requirements. consultation with associated spring engineers early in the design stage will often result in lifecycle cost optimization.








events & news




events

11/04/24
 sema :  week of november 4, 2024 


11/11/24
 ah metal stamping solutions 2024:  week of november 11, 2024 


12/09/24
 associated spring attending pri:  week of december 9, 2024 

 
latest news

10/01/24
 associated spring brazil receives the honda operational excellence award! 















home
about us
products & services
engineering
industries/markets
privacy notice
contact
terms and conditions

copyright © 2024 associated spring design and digital solutions provided by horizon marketing group, inc. 










































