
















mississippi court reporters | brooks court reporting, inc.






























































(601) 362-1995  |  (800) 245-3376  |  client login  |  reporter login






(601) 362-1995  |  (800) 245-3376



 








home
services
about

meet our team
careers


locations

jackson, ms
meridian, ms
gulfport, ms
birmingham, al
memphis, tn
nashville, tn
new orleans, la
shreveport, la
new york city, ny


blog
resources
schedule/pay

schedule
pay online


contact
 


select page


  
 



 






  










mississippi court reporters and legal videographers
with locations in mississippi, alabama, louisiana, tennessee and new york city.
specializing in realtime reporting.

schedule












we are a full-service court reporting firm providing a high level of service excellence.
we cover mississippi, louisiana, alabama, tennessee, new york city, and provide nationwide scheduling.












what we do
brooks court reporting delivers court reporting excellence throughout mississippi and the southeast.
we offer service that attorneys appreciate: court reporters who understand your practice and will show up and deliver on time, every time.
we are the paralegal’s best friend when it comes to flexibility in scheduling times and venues…and rescheduling them when the need arises.
and we offer nationally recognized realtime court reporters. our realtime court reporters are considered among the best in the world!










court reporting
court reporters
realtime depositions
remote depositions
trials and hearings
immediate draft transcripts
expedited delivery
transcription service
mediation and arbitration






i

video
video depositions
videoconferencing
video exhibits
internet streamingof video and text
remote services(depositions, mediations, and arbitrations)
 
 








locations
jackson, msmeridian, msgulfport, msbirmingham, almemphis, tnnashville, tnnew orleans, la shreveport, la new york city, ny









driven to earn your trust and your loyalty.



ginger brooks and brooks court reporting are the consummate professionals in their field.  they provide the highest quality and dependability in court reporting and video services and offer their in-house conference room for your deposition or videoconferencing needs.





you’re the most technologically advanced court reporter i’ve ever seen.
m. johnson - houston, texas














brooks court reporting, inc., acquires cleeton davis court reporters in nashville, tn

﻿ for immediate release – may 15, 2021 brooks court reporting, inc., is pleased to announce the acquisition of cleeton davis court reporters, llc, based in nashville, tennessee. cleeton davis court reporters was formed in 1986 with the mission to distinguish itself by... 
read more 












looking for a court reporter or video service?

scheduleview our services






 









connect with us:



 



facebook





linkedin





twitter



 








© brooks court reporting | court reporters and legal videographersprivacy policy



  
 
 


pin it on pinterest

























