


accu-swift medical transcription services













medical transcription

















 
members login here

 hipaa compliance 
accu-swift 
            understands that physician / patient confidentiality is most important. 
            therefore all physician / patient transcription related procedures, 
            voice, and data storage and document management meet or exceeds hipaa 
            regulations. click here 
            for partial list of the rules and regulations that we strictly adhere 
            to. 


 quality 
            control 

all medical transcription work carried 
            out at accu-swift 
            goes through two levels of word-by-word thorough check for any omissions, 
            corrections, formatting, etc., before sending to clients. we have 
            regular training and cross-section reviews between various levels 
            of medical transcriptionists and editors to improve the quality of 
            medical transcription at the base level. a unique feature of accu-chart, 
            our web based online medical transcription patient chart management system, 
            is that doctors/secretaries can edit the charts online and when they 
            save the edited charts, the updated chart is instantaneously downloaded 
            to our servers in india and it compares with the original medical 
            transcription and highlights the changes made. this is used as a two-way 
            communication system to have internal audit and improve the quality 
            of services. 




accu-swift
is 
            a professionally managed medical transcription service company maintaining 
            very high standards in providing patient information management services 
            to us clinics and hospitals. accu-swift 
            medical transcription services utilizes state-of-the-art infrastructure, 
            dictation technology, well-qualified and experienced transcriptionists, 
            and high-end software technologies to provide end-to-end solutions 
            for medical transcription and healthcare information management. 
accu-swift’s 
            mission is to provide its client with acceptable medical transcription 
            services, healthcare management services and maintain a dedicated 
            team of qualified medical transcriptionists and supporting staff who 
            will always feel proud to be a part of accu-swift.
accu-swift 
            interdigitizes high-end innovative software technology with qualified 
            medical transcriptionists. our dedicated team of software professionals 
            work hand-in-glove with our clients and medical transcription team 
            to provide the ultimate results that our clients expect, and many 
            a times more than they come to expect of us. the medical transcription 
            software developed by our team is both extremely user-friendly and 
            secured for use in medical transcription business. 
our 
            clients are provided with highly customized accu-swift 
            auto file transfer (accu-transfer) software 
            to automatically transfer dictation from their office/home computers 
            to our secure servers and simultaneously automatically download all 
            new medical transcriptions available on our website. they are also 
            provided with access to accu-chart, 
            our online medical transcription patient chart management system, 
            which has host of functions designed to provide information at the 
            click of buttons.
 
            at accu-swift, 
            we always listen and are open to the minutest details and specifications 
            our clients require in terms of medical transcription, formatting, 
            special instructions, etc., and the same is implemented into our medical 
            transcription cycle.
our 
            outlook towards client relationship, satisfaction, fair and ethical 
            business practices that we follow induces our clients to rely on our 
            medical transcription services and look for an everlasting business 
            relationship. we have clients who were the first to give us the break 
            with their business eight years back, and we see satisfied smiling 
            faces in them and we take pride in maintaining that smile on their 
            face for this long tenure.
"the 
            medical transcription team at accu-swift 
            can confidently say that our services are true to be believed and 
            we welcome you to experience our high-end complete solutions and be 
            a part of our highly satisfied clientele"




price quote
 click 
            here to get a free medical transcription service 
            price quote from accu-swift.


 free 
              trial

at accu-swift, 
            we focus our extensive resources and experience on custom designed 
            medical 
            transcription solutions for each client. our transcription 
            services are tuned to client needs. we work hand-in-hand with you 
            to evaluate resources, timing and cost issues to develop and implement 
            a service program that will best fit your medical 
            transcription preferences and objectives. click 
            here for a free trial


 customer 
            service 

our 
            medical transcription services are backed by online live chat at every 
            stage of our web-based patient chart management system, accu-chart. 
            we are always available to our medical transcription clients and prospective 
            clients for support via us toll free 1-877 number. our medical transcription 
            services are very smoothly integrated from the time doctors dictate 
            to the delivery of charts. we provide 24x7 access to our dictation 
            servers, which are very user friendly and the doctors have the flexibility 
            to dictate from anywhere at anytime. please click 
            here to know more about the process 
            of medical transcription service at accu-swift.



  frequently 
            asked questions













home  |
about us  |
products  |
hipaa  |
careers  |
contact  |
process  |
accu-chart  |
accu-transfer |
free trial |
free quote |
testimonials |
faq |
privacy |
links |
choose |
add url |
accu-chart demo |
accu-transfer demo |
accu-transfer flash demo |
accu-bot spider |
legal policy |
sitemap






copyright © 2002-2005 accu-swift medical transcription service. all rights reserved.




