













richmond bar association – city of richmond


















































 





















february 16, 2025 











































about

about the rba
officers & directors
bar association awards
corporate documents
staff


explore membership

join
renew
benefits
membership types


sections

bankruptcy
business law
corporate counsel
environmental & energy law
family law
litigation
real estate
senior lawyers
young lawyers


committees

administration of justice
awards & honors
communications
continuing legal education
finance
judiciary
membership
nominating
personnel
pro bono
programs committee
richmond bar representatives to boards


publications

the richmond lawyer


cle

classes & registration


events

february lunch & learn
past social events


resources & news

legal links
local court rules
pro bono resources
job announcements
local court orders & announcements


membership portal login
 







menu 






 about the richmond bar association
the bar association of the city of richmond, the oldest bar organization in virginia, continues to expand a great tradition of service to the bench, the bar, and the public in its third century. the association’s objectives have remained constant since stated by the founders in 1885: to aid in maintaining the honor and dignity of the profession of law, to promote legal science and the administration of justice, and to cultivate social interaction among its members. through the years, the richmond bar has fulfilled those objectives while adjusting to meet the challenges of our rapidly changing profession.

 

 











upcoming events



feb
20

family law section winter social
time:  5:30 – 8:00 pm
strangeways brewing…



feb
20

corporate counsel section winter social
time: 5:30 – 7:30 pm
triple crossing brewery…



feb
25

young lawyers section winter social
time: 6:00 – 8:00 pm
performance pickleball…



feb
26

february lunch & learn
time:  12:00 – 12:30 pm
zoom…


view all events



in the news




local judges summaries


local judges provide feedback to administration of justice committee in its continued effort to promote the administration of justice in the richmond area and to facilitate cooperation between the bench and the bar, the bar’s administration of justice committee recently concluded its annual interviews with the honorable judges of the courts of the county of…




posted in news 
|

comments off on local judges summaries 





about the richmond bar association
the bar association of the city of richmond, the oldest bar organization in virginia, continues to expand a great tradition of service to the bench, the bar, and the public in its third century. the association’s objectives have remained constant since stated by the founders in 1885: to aid in maintaining the honor and dignity of the profession of law, to promote legal science and the administration of justice, and to cultivate social interaction among its members. through the years, the richmond bar has fulfilled those objectives while adjusting to meet the challenges of our rapidly changing profession.
 










 upcoming events
text...

 
membership directory
login


 





the richmond bar association in pictures






 contact us
      
919 east main streetsuite 1401richmond, va 23219
mailing address: 
p. o. box 1213, richmond, va 23218-1213
phone: (804) 780-0700, 
fax: (804) 648-7118

 




 2024-2025 select sponsors




 






copyright webdreams designs, llc
















