























archive news from the somerset county gazette
































































newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



more









newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



















                    subscribe
                


digital edition puzzles



























close



stay ahead with a digital subscription
subscribe



sign up to our newsletters





search











news




taunton


ta21


mendip


west somerset


county news


education


ed's pick


business


crime


politics









sport




somerset ccc


taunton town fc


taunton rfc


cricket


football


other sports


send a report









what's on




local events









glastonbury festival









letters




submit a letter


community news









announcements




acknowledgements


death notices


in memoriam


public notices


other announcements


bereavement guide













                        subscribe
                    

digital edition puzzles

newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



 





news


sport


what's on


glastonbury festival


letters


announcements






























        archive
        






            filters

            





or search by keyword




            display search results
        




14th february 2025











date
three-vehicle collision closes a303 between wincanton and bourton
a three-vehicle collision closed the a303 eastbound between the a371 wincanton and the b3081 near bourton.


  the incident at noon on saturday, february 15, was attended by the ambulance and police service and no one is thought to have been seriously










date
a magnificent creature returns to exmoor
will it be third time lucky?


  a few years back i spent a glorious two weeks in eire visiting family and exploring county kerry, a primary hope being to spot the white-tailed eagle that was reintroduced to the killarney national park in 2007. i was










date
somerset stars to take part in walking cricket session
residents will have the chance to take part in a walking cricket session with somerset’s cricketing heroes james rew and kasey aldridge on monday (february 17).


  blackbrook leisure centre and spa, run by award-winning operator everyone active in










date
taunton racecourse partnership with retraining charity
taunton has officially announced a partnership, with the retraining of racehorses charity who are responsible for the welfare of horses that have retired from racing. 


  one of their initiatives is to partner a retired racehorse with a racecourse










date
a striking contemporary residence in the pretty village of blagdon hill
this individual contemporary five-bedroom property occupies a quiet rural position in the pretty village of blagdon hill on the southerly edge of taunton, which is four miles away.


  


  the uniquely designed residence, named wayside house, was










date
taunton shoplifter - who stole more than £1.5k of items - is jailed
a prolific shoplifter who stole items valued at £1,650.90 from taunton stores over three weeks has been jailed.


  maurice danes hit sainsbury’s hankridge supermarket nine times, taking alcohol worth £1,279 and shaving products valued at £213.










date
review of bbc masterchef judge’s favourite indian restaurant in taunton
mattancherry is an award-winning indian restaurant in taunton that has been named in the top eight somerset restaurants and named “best takeaway in taunton in 2025”.


  it has also just been named in the top five most romantic restaurants in taunton










date
pawlentine was a huge success for dogs and their humans
pawlentine, the long-awaited canine valentine event, took place last sunday at the brewhouse with huge success, writes jacqui budd.


  morning sessions were very lively, bordering on the raucous, with lots of very enthusiastic dogs and humans.










date
taunton death notices and funeral announcements
the somerset county gazette published 10 death notices last week.


  every week, the somerset county gazette publishes death notices and funeral announcements from the families of loved ones who have passed away.


  as well as appearing in print,










date
somerset to create mind memorial quilt for those bereaved by suicide
mind in somerset has announced a new project to create a memorial quilt for those bereaved by suicide.


  the speak their name memorial quilt project is led by the somerset suicide bereavement support service.


  part of the national speak their










date
taunton public notice round-up, february 7-13, 2025
a number of public notices have been announced in taunton recently.


  these involve temporary road closures, ombudsman reports, and probate notices.


  there are also notices for new parking regulations, licence applications, and a new research










date
popular somerset comedy competition set to return this month
a popular somerset comedy competition is set to return for its 11th year.


  stand up for cider will be back at the creative innovation centre in paul street, taunton, for another year of laughs.


  the first heat will take place on friday, february










date
somerset hospital releases valentine's day intimacy guide for patients
a hospital group has released a valentine's day sex guide for patients recovering from surgery.


  the guide was released by practice plus group, who operate shepton mallet hospital.


  it features eight 'lower impact' and 'joint-friendly' positions










date
somerset school pupils reach final of national singing competition
pupils from a somerset school have made it to the finals of a national singing competition.


  thirty-four pupils in years six and seven of taunton prep school impressed the judges with renditions of j’entends le moulin and o holy night to progress










date
backwell swimming club's big success at county championships
backwell swimming club has made a splash at the 2025 somerset asa county championships.


  the club saw 56 of its swimmers achieve county qualifying times to compete in the annual long course championships.


  the event, which takes place over three










date
strode college media students create promotional videos for somerset businesses
strode college’s level 3 extended diploma in creative media production students have been offered the chance to gain real-world work experience to improve their industry skills, writes ashleigh frost.


  connecting with local organisations, strode










date
meet the street artist behind the taunton’s striking murals
you may have noticed several murals dotted across taunton, but do you know the person behind the paintwork?  


  sam gaden of aerosol art is the talented street artist behind the colourful creations which adorn some of the town’s walls and buildings















contact us
manage consent
announcements
leap
cookie policy
terms & conditions
contributor terms
newsquest printing
advertise
newsletters
reader rewards
site map
exchange and mart
terms of advertising
privacy policy
diversity statement
photo sales
our publications
archive
add your event for free


follow us


                    @countygazette
                


                    somerset county gazette
                


                    county gazette sport
                


                    @countygazsport
                




                this website and associated newspapers adhere to the independent press standards organisation's
    editors' code of practice. if you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    if you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact ipso here


© 2001-2025.  newsquest media group ltd, 1st floor, chartist tower, upper dock street, newport, wales, np20 1dw  | 01676637 |
            











modal headline





close


automatically injected html goes here



    submit



    cancel







deactivate
piano meter debugger
data returned from the piano 'meteractive/meterexpired' callback event.















as a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
these adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.

it is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.


close




































