










truescale website






















home 
about
catalog
blog
contact

































truescaleâ® products

vacuum formed slot car bodies
vacuum formed detail parts
slot car body molds

specializing in creating highly detailed and well formed vacuum formed model car racing bodies, for the scale enthusiast.



















about tsp
truescale products (tspâ®) is owned and operated by victor ferguson. tspâ® began on the kitchen table in the early 1980s.
by the 1990s the truescaleâ® brand of slot car bodies was known throughout the world for its original slot car bodies and replica reproductions of vintage slot car bodies. with the internet age came a way to have a more worldwide presence in the slot car world and our first webpage was published in the year 2000. the year 2001 brought a new line for truescale, 1/32nd scale vacuum formed and some resin slot car bodies.

an online store on the internet had opened as well which began to increase sales of everything tspâ® had available. scale slot car racing using scale vacuum formed bodies was making a comeback and sales for truescale products began to be too much for such a small operation running part time. by the year 2013 sales for truescale products was too much and some sales and production had to be limited. production still continues with the focus being more on scale slot car bodies.



























































truescale's portfolio
















chris walker's lola t162





jairus watson's ferrari 330 p4





jaris watson's russkit dune buggy replica





truescale ferrari 550





dennis samson's audi r8





jairus watson's la cucaracha





larry shepard's porsche 962





victor ferguson's nissan gtp





truescale lister storm











blog
tsp blog coming soon























































contact
get in touch

location
orange county, causa


contact
email link will open your default email app 
email : click here



















