



blue cats and red sox























formerly felines for anarchistic green democracies
a bostonian at the university of michigan.

there will also be discussion of the new england patriots, miami dolphins, and michigan wolverines.  probably in that order.
detroit tigers content now at roar of the tigers!
                  







 







archives
april 2002
may 2002
june 2002
july 2002
august 2002
september 2002
october 2002
november 2002
december 2002
january 2003
february 2003
march 2003
april 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
september 2009








 








blogging the detroit tigers for the most valuable network.

the flickr photostream
head here to see what i've been shooting lately.
the game sets
head here to see the shots from a specific baseball or football game (or anything else i've made a set for).
features

spelling rant
yankee star wars
a tigers comedy of errors
how bad is keith foulke really?
harry potter and the boston red sox
bellhorn vs. graffanino vs. lamprey
critiquing team slogans
joey harrington blogs a baseball game
jason varitek gets injured
winter meetings fashion report
mascot rant #1
mascot rant #2

8 days of jewish baseball
day 1- kevin youkilis
day 2- brad ausmus
day 3- al levine
day 4- jason marquis
day 5- john grabow
day 6- justin wayne
day 7- shawn green
day 8- gabe kapler and theo epstein
the story of chanukah, red sox style
part i: the cruel reign of steinbrennochus
part ii:  rise of the soxxabees
part iii:  the rebellion begins!
parts iv, v, and vi
parts vii and viii

fun with roster photos
note:  comments may not exactly correspond to images, as the images will change when the team puts up new photos.  adds a level of surreality, i think.
detroit tigers
boston red sox
new york yankees
chicago white sox
baltimore orioles
boston red sox 2006
boston red sox 2007
new york yankees 2007
teams of the cat
boston
red sox
patriots
detroit
lions
tigers
miami
dolphins
university of michigan
wolverines (all sports)
                 this is all
sports reads

12eight
baseball desert
baseball heavy (pawsox)
basegirl
bullshit memorial stadium
cursed to first
empyreal environs
firebrand of the al
gys network
joy of sox
livejournal home of red sox nation
misery loves company (sox and mets)
over the monster
papel-blog
peter on all
professional, idiot, and the tailback
red sox fan in pinstripe territory
respect the tek
sass-a-thon
singapore sox fan
surviving grady
twitch124
yanks fan vs. sox fan
detroit tigers and lions


roar of the tigers
beyond boxscores
bless you boys
the cheap seats
daily fungo
detroit tiger weblog
lions den
mack avenue tigers
mickey tettleton memorial overpass
motown sports (messageboard)
motown sports revival
northern michigan detroit sports blog
out of bounds
sweaty men endeavors
take 75 north
tiger tales
tigerblog
tigers central
where have you gone, johnny grubb?
i'm a member of dibs!

college sports

mgoblog (michigan)
big ten hardball
blog that yost built (michigan)
blue-gray sky (notre dame)
boi from troy (usc)
every day should be saturday (florida, general college sports)
iblog for cookies (michigan)
paradigmblog (michigan)
rammer jammer yellow hammer (alabama)
schembechler hall (michigan)
sunday morning quarterback (southern miss, mostly general)

2632 (orioles)
aaron gleeman (twins)
around the oval (ohio state)
bard's room (white sox)
bat girl (twins)
ben roethlisberger (personal blog, god help us all)
bronx banter (yankees)
bronx block
buckeye commentary (ohio state)
camden chat (orioles)
enlightened spartan (michigan state)
futility infielder (yankees)
let's go tribe (indians)
nyyfans.com (yankees forum)
pinstripe alley (yankees)
replacement level yankees
royals authority
royals review
tribe report (indians)
twinsgeek

armchair gm (all)
athletics nation
blog maverick (mark cuban)
catfish stew (athletics)
deadspin
ducksnorts (padres)
fire joe morgan
gaslamp ball (padres)
goat riders of the apocalypse (cubs)
idiots write about sports (a's, giants)
lookout landing (mariners)
mccovey chronicles (giants)
metstradamus
minor league ball
on the dl (gossip)
pittsburgh lumber co. (pirates)
rays talk
red reporter (reds)
serious dismay sports
uniwatch (all teams)
uss mariner (mariners)

gilbert arenas
curtis granderson
tommy lasorda
mike maroth
pat neshek
raymond
nate robertson
curt schilling
cj wilson
kevin youkilis

the brushback
call of the green monster (red sox)
die-hard cubs fun
the dugout, chat room of pro baseball
korean baseball cartoons (inexplicable)
soxaholix
wizznutzz (wizards..just read it)

ann arbor is overrated
b3ta
dave barry
baseblogging
'boards
chromasia
corey corcoran
fried rice thoughts
go fug yourself
goodspeed update
grand mental station
quo vadimus
mcsweeney's
pasquinade
postsecret
ryan estrada
scaryduck
vitriolica
whatevs.org
mike wieringo

           
                 if you are wishing to email the resident feline anarchist, you may do so at
bluecatsredsox@gmail.com
this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-noderivs 2.5 license.


































 








sunday, september 13, 2009

 

just some thoughts on the lions' first game of the 2009 season:--chris myers (announcer), on larry foote going from winning two superbowl rings with the steelers to playing for the lions:  “it’s like going from dating beyoncé to oprah.”  what a statement with which to start the season.  really sets the tone.--i hate the new helmet logo in action much less than i thought i would.  i don't like the new stripes on the pants, though.  the blue as the thickest element in the stripe is just too much.  what i do actually hate is the new 'lions' font.  i wasn’t in love with the old font either (which looked a little like what you’d see on the side of a circus carriage; doubly unfortunate since you would expect to see the word “lions” on the side of such a vehicle), but this toothpaste-packaging-looking typeface is not the answer.i quite liked the little fleur-de-lis on the hips of the saints.--anyways, if there’s one thing we’ve learned, it’s that uniform changes don’t do a damn thing for the lions.  black jerseys, anyone?--very appropriate that the first lions points of the season were scored on a jason hanson field goal.  anything else would have seemed like false advertising.--last year the lions' secondary had one interception, all year.  they have one in the first half here, on an admittedly ill-advised flea flicker pass from drew brees.  so that's goin' better, kind of, maybe.--at the beginning of the game they said that the lions felt one of their biggest areas of improvement had been the defensive linebackers.  after the first half i feel that this was a lie; the defense as a whole looks terrible.  the only area where they seem to have shown some improvement is special teams, and even that has been inconsistent at best.  finding out that the team has lied to me this early in the season is not a good sign.--i wish more people would take a swipe at jeremy shockey when he's celebrating a touchdown.  i don't even care about that penalty, and the big cat hit the ball, not shockey, anyways.  good job, lions.  the rest of the league should take note of how satisfying that is.--the lions taped the national anthem and had the players look at it, so that they would stand correctly and present a respectful picture before the game.  let me repeat that:  the coaches had the lions study tape of the national anthem.  this is what team resources are going towards.  it all makes sense.--this was the 18th consecutive loss for the lions, going all the way back to 2007.labels: lions, terrible



10:26 pm


monday, april 13, 2009

 

content?  psh, what's content?  have some cartoons from my sketchbook.  it seemed like a good idea to scan them in at the time.i think all ballplayers should be required to grow strange facial hair, so that they will be easier to render in simplified cartoon form.labels: baseball, drawn, mlb, red sox, tigers



9:12 pm


friday, march 20, 2009

 

you guys.  you guys.  you guys.  this is a big one.  world baseball classic semifinal!  the winner goes on to the final!  the loser has to live with crushing shame for the next four years!!  there is no middle ground!  titans clashing, baseball cultures warring, etc.  usa/japan!  sunday march 22, 8pm, espn!  plan your evening accordingly.wbc semifinal usa/japanpostscript: things we learned from this game:--david wright, heroically injured in the toe--how dare you take a walk with a man in scoring position, how dare you--ryan garko fed-ex'd his own 1b glove to mark derosa because derosa did not have one--brian roberts =/= dave roberts, joel hanrahan =/= jim hanrahan, no matter what jon miller may tell us--munenori kawasaki turned himself into a left-handed hitter because he was an ichiro fanboy--john grabow--panama hat man was shown chatting with tommy lasorda and sadaharu oh, too amazing to be truth, and yet it is truth--rule 34--derek jeter is the ultimate fail for americamany thanks to tony, snuppy the hound, ivantopumpyouup, and 2632 for excoriating the everliving hell out of derek jeter here with me tonight.labels: japan, liveblog, usa, world baseball classic



10:48 pm


wednesday, march 18, 2009

 

elimination!  japan vs. cuba, winner plays tomorrow for seeding, loser goes home.  two teams that care very deeply about this tournament, and will be greatly humiliated if they lose.  someone is going to feel very, very bad at the end of this one!  you are excited to watch it!!the battle for orestes destrade's heart!wbc pool 1 japan/cubapostscript: things we learned from this game:--when it is foggy, turn off the freakin' greenscreen ads, just turn them off, they will not work properly--orestes destrade knows all the languages--ariel pestano is so angry--yulieski gonzalez and ariel pestano= hatelove--hisashi iwakuma is groundball pitching magic--hisashi iwakuma= bambi--don't use illegal drugs, or dave winfield will bust you--ismel jimenez has a hypnotic assmany thanks to tony, ivantopumpyouup, and snuppy the hound for suffering through the fog and espn2's determination to give their sponsors what they paid for, even though it was screwing up the entire broadcast!labels: cuba, japan, liveblog, world baseball classic



2:07 pm


tuesday, march 17, 2009

 

pool a rematch!  korea/japan, the return of the rivalry.  this will be an 11pm start, to keep us suffering on the opposite end of the gametime spectrum, and it will be on mlbn.  alas.wbc pool 1 japan/koreapostscript: things we learned from this game:--giant korean drum, awesome but not available in the wbc store, like all good things--other things we badly want that the wbc store does not carry because they do not actually want our money:  four-color wbc pens, wbc logo baseball gloves, those sweet matte team japan batting helmets, stuffed toy versions of snuppy the cloned korean afghan hound--yong-kyu lee= korean ozzie guillen--yu darvish will never play in mlb, unless he goes back on his solemnly sworn word--the 61 mph pitch thrown by shunsuke watanabe shall henceforth be known as the suhpee pitch, opposite of the eephus--inexplicable plastic bag hatsmany thanks to tony, snuppy the hound, ivantopumpyouup, and briefly jennifer and stillawakward for enjoying this battle of the thunderstix in glorious liveblog action.japan has been humiliated by korea again, how will it all end??  tragically, somehow, i expect.labels: japan, korea, liveblog, world baseball classic



3:55 pm


sunday, march 15, 2009

 

a return to liveblogging after a brief hiatus!  i know you are all terribly, terribly excited, by which i mean that i fully expect to be doing this one on my own.  expect rambling.  i believe that our announcing team will consist of gary thorne, steve phillips, and orel hershiser.wbc pool 1 cuba/japanpostscript: things we learned from this game:--orestes!!!!--panama hat radar gun man!!--yosvani peraza= cuban cecil fielder--japan headed to america with humiliation in their hearts--orestes destrade is a multilingual genius of words--the first japanese player in mlb was not hideo nomo, stop lying to us espn2--san diego sunlight hates baseball--steve phillips has been sneaking into wbc ballplayer hotel rooms and also going with them to seaworld--ariel pestano= cuban mike sciosia--yulieski gonzalez looks like jeff francoeur a little bit, true fact--orestes!!!!many thanks to snuppy the hound and ivantopumpyouup for joining me in this exercise in baseball humiliation!labels: cuba, japan, liveblog, world baseball classic



1:08 pm


wednesday, march 11, 2009

 

just another quick note to let you know that the 6:30 pm wednesday usa/venezuela pool c final will be liveblogged right over here at rott.  our excitement knows no bounds.labels: blognews, world baseball classic



6:08 pm


tuesday, march 10, 2009

 

just a quick note to say that the liveblog for the italy/venezuela wbc game will be over here at rott if you want to play along.  there should be at least a couple tigers starting, so i figured that was probably the right place for it.will italy get mercy rule'd?  will we see an upset on a par with the netherlands/dr fiasco?  all things are possible!  world baseball classic!labels: blognews, world baseball classic



2:44 pm


monday, march 09, 2009

 

the last tokyo dome game of the 2009 world baseball classic.  on the one hand, yay:  no more sickeningly-early-o'clock start times!  on the other hand:  the last game of this wbc that orestes destrade will broadcast.:(wbc korea/japan pool a finalpostscript: things we learned from this game:--hisashi iwakuma= japanese mike mussina--jung keun bong, the korean starting pitcher, is an ichiro fanboy and needed a moment every time ichiro came to the plate--rocket of arms--orestes destrade makes the worst stu scott/boo-ya joke in the history of the world--yu darvish, sexy in both the pitching sense and the literal, posed naked for a magazine sensemany thanks to ivantopumpyouup and stillawkward, who joined me for this last and best bit of pre-breakfast baseball and frantic google images searches for the naked photos of yu darvish.we will miss you, tokyo dome!  orestes destrade and super "dry" forever!!labels: japan, korea, liveblog, world baseball classic



12:39 am


sunday, march 08, 2009

 

i do not promise that this will work because i will be relying on a sneaky wireless signal, but i am going to try to liveblog a game that is not in pool a.  south africa vs. cuba, 2 pm sunday afternoon.  there are two underwear models on the south african team and basically nobody on their roster actually plays baseball; i expect this will be fun.  or terrible!  or terribly good fun.wbc south africa/cubapostscript: things we learned from this game:--norge vera is the new el duque--charley steiner is a terrible play-by-play man--south africa's only functional play is the pick-off move--charley steiner hates baseball and fun--team cuba's trainer is fidel castro's son--pool b is the worst pool--dude in the panama hat with the enormous cigar is awesome and should have announced the game--seriously fuck charley steiner, he is trying to ruin baseballthanks to ivantopumpyouup, snuppy the hound, and briefly ashmark for suffering, suffering so much.this was the worst game.labels: cuba, liveblog, south africa, world baseball classic



8:40 am







 





















