














home | the public policy institute of new york state, inc.










      skip to main content
    


























info@ppinys.org
111 washington ave. suite 400, albany, ny 12210














about
leadership
contact





englishfrenchgerman













main navigation




 home 


 about us 


 reports 


 news 


 contact us 




 p-tech 


 about p-tech 


 recorded webinars 


 news 


 contact us 




 new york business defense fund 


 about us 


 amicus briefs 


 news 


 contact us 




 programs 


 2025 national civics bee new york 


 2024 national civics bee new york 























search











donate now




































home




















  welcome to the public policy institute of new york state, inc.

  promoting economic policies
for new york state



  nys p-tech

  establishing a strong talent pipeline by preparing new york's students 
for the high-skills jobs of the future.

view home page



  new york business
defense fund

  defending new york's business community 
in the courts.

view home page



  national civics bee
new york

  ppi is hosting the national civics bee 
new york state finals.

learn more








 




















founded in 1981


























the public policy institute 
get to know ppi
 the public policy institute of new york state, inc. is a research and educational organization whose purpose is to formulate and promote public policies that will restore new york's economic competitiveness. the institute accomplishes this mission by conducting timely, in-depth research addressing key state policy issues. founded in 1981 and affiliated with the business council of new york state, inc., the institute is a non-partisan, tax-exempt, 501 (c) (3) organization. the institute depends on the support of corporations, individuals, and small businesses for its income and does not accept any government funding.





















explore ppi initiatives 
what is ppi working on now?
 








the latest projects from the public policy institue.  find out how you can get involved in shaping new york state economic policies.  join us for our ongoing webinars and events. 









 


public policy/free enterpriseengaging in research and economic analysis to formulate policies. 





 


education policytake a look at our latest work in the p-tech sphere.read more 

 



 


workforce developmentwdi is facilitating workforce programs and expanding industries across the state. 





 


energy & environmentshaping policies to be economically and environmentally viable.  





 


webinars & eventsstay tuned for a calendar of events and webinars. 
























contributing to key public policy issues impacting new york state.
 













project  planning
the workforce development institute (wdi) will spearhead the creation of various projects while increasing workforce and education connections to underdeveloped regions.













program management
the programs executed by ppi will assist with workforce outreach, supporting educational institutions across the state, and more.
 













data collection & reporting
ppi serves as a leading research foundation; curating reports and gathering data to elevate new york's economic competitiveness.
 




















our recent reports 
take a look at our recent reports
 






















 
common core here to stay
 

p-tech
























 
manufacturing by the numbers
 

manufacturing
























 
bridging the stem skills gap
 

stem
























 
ready for college success
 

p-tech









 


















make a contribution fund the next big policy



donate here

































3000

p-tech students enrolled in higher education institutions as a result of investing in p-tech partnerships











helping the future workforce 
your donation's impact
 ppi’s work is needed more than ever to provide the independent and objective analysis state policymakers need to develop and enact policies that support private sector growth and economic recovery.
your financial support will help ppi continue to provide research on public policy and economic development strategies for new york while also serving as a leading source of economic data and analysis for the state. 
by supporting the public policy institute, you are also helping to close the skills gap to cultivate a globally competitive workforce in new york. 




p-tech graduation rate


39%



national average community college graduation rate


9%















































contact

111 washington ave. suite 400, albany,  ny 12210
info@ppinys.org
800 358 1202

 





overview

about us
reports
p-tech
ny business defense fund

 





policy areas

education
energy & environment
manufacturing
workforce development

 





latest news











12 jul, 2023


 governor hochul announces $31.5 million awarded for new york state pathways in technology early college high school program 











07 jul, 2022


 press release: nypa launches 2022 p-tech summer internship to help prepare students for clean energy jobs 






 





© copyright the public policy institute of new york state, inc. 2023. all rights reserved. uicons by flaticon  























we are professional and reliable provider since we offer customers the most powerful and beautiful themes. besides, we always catch the latest technology and adapt to follow world’s new trends to deliver the best themes to the market.



contact info


we are the leaders in the building industries and factories. we're word wide. we never give up on the challenges.

 2 queen street,california, usa  
 (+84) 04 123 456
 info@example.com 





recent posts












 governor hochul announces $31.5 million awarded for new york state pathways in technology early college high school program 

innovations











 press release: ibm launches open p-tech globally; free platform focused on workplace learning and skills will be offered in english, portuguese and spanish 

software











 ibm helps run a public school in brooklyn that could change the way we think about education 

web design


















