




annapolis summer garden theatre

















































 purchase tickets donate contact us
 





toggle navigation






about us 

the organization
the history
stage/2 project
50th anniversary (2016)
awards & honors
news


tickets 

ticket info
plan your visit
buy tickets


upcoming shows 

disaster!
the best little whorehouse in texas
groundhog day


get involved 

volunteer opportunities
artistic & production opportunities
auditions
educational programs
calendar of events


support 

business sponsors
donate
planned gifts


photo albums
 







 







 





 discover ways to get involved & be a part of asgt 
join the fun
 




 help asgt shine brightly, now & well into the future
lend your support
 


 


 




sign up for our email newsletter:










sign up for our email newsletter:













































 2026 director/show proposals being acceptedbring your vision to life on our stage and be part of annapolis summer garden theatre’s 60th anniversary season! annapolis summer garden theatre (asgt) is seeking proposals from potential directors who have a passion to direct a musical at asgt in 2026. proposals must illustrate that the show embraces the mission of asgt to engage […]
read moreasgt receives 8 watch award nominationsthe washington area theatre community honors (watch) is an organization founded for the adjudication and presentation of annual awards recognizing artistic and technical excellence in community theater throughout the metropolitan washington d.c. area. 99 productions (39 musicals, 60 plays) were adjudicated in 2024. twenty-seven community theater companies participated in watch adjudication. congratulations to all of […]
read moreauditions for our 2025 season!it’s your chance to shine! audition schedule: pre-audition dance workshop: saturday, january 11, 2025, from 1:00-3:30 pm. (details) “disaster!” auditions: sunday, january 12, 2025 and monday, january 13, 2025 (details). “the best little whorehouse in texas” auditions: saturday, february 1st and monday, february 3rd, 2025 (details). “groundhog day the musical” auditions: saturday, march 8th and […]
read more 




remembering sharon cimaglia
in the fall of 2019, asgt lost a dear friend–sharon cimaglia. a native annapolitan, sharon was cherished by her family and friends and deeply connected to her community. in addition to her many years service to asgt as our vice president and director of our annual teen camp, she supported numerous local theatre groups, the usna glee club, the youth theatre program at st. mary’s, st. mary’s church, and countless colleagues and clients at coldwell banker. full of life and energy, sharon could always be counted on to be there (be everywhere!) to lend a helping hand, and she always did her best to ensure those around her were happy. she will be sorely missed and remembered fondly by all who knew her. we are eternally grateful for sharon’s longtime selfless commitment to asgt, a place we love so well, and for her warm and generous friendship. godspeed sharon. click here to read more.




our sponsors

  




 




  

















  








 







©copyright 2025 annapolis summer garden theatre. all rights reserved. powered by liquified agency.


 annapolis summer garden theatre
143 compromise street
annapolis, md 21401
410-268-9212
 







































 

 
 
























 





