











koger air - industrial fans, dust collection systems, air systems, blowpipe component parts, angle rings and more




































skip to content




request a quote | 800 368 2096




menu ☰



about
custom capabilities

custom metal fabrication
custom gallery


cyclones, airlocks, fans

industrial cyclones
industrial rotary airlock feeders
industrial material and air handling fans


systems
components
contact
search




search for:









our experts. your needs.
koger air corporation is a family-owned and -operated business specializing in the design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing service of industrial pneumatic and material-conveying systems. whether you have a new fan, airlock or cyclone need or want a custom part, product or sheet metal component, our experts have provided customized solutions designed to fit your unique industrial applications since 1954.





air-moving systems
we are constantly researching and developing specialized equipment and products to meet our customers’ airflow challenges and product transfer requirements.
learn more







components
we offer a complete line of industrial sheet metal components for sheet metal shops, contractors and resellers to use as new and existing system replacements, additions or retrofits.
learn more




systems
our experts design, build, install and service heavy-duty industrial air-moving systems for dust-producing industries throughout north america.
learn more










replacement parts
we offer a complete line of replacement parts for sheet metal shops, contractors and resellers. manufactured using state-of-the-art machinery, standard parts are warehoused in our service center for immediate shipment upon receipt of order.
airlock replacement parts fan replacement parts




learn more

















po box 4668, martinsville, va 24115 | 800 368 2096 | fax: 800 554 4040 | © 2021 koger air corporation | visa and mastercard accepted







thanks for signing up!


sign up for the koger air newsletter






email address 
sign up
by submitting this form, you are granting: koger air, po box 4668, martinsville, virginia 24115, united states,  permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.  (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.

















