ï»¿






unicorn music recorders and music








    recorders for sale

baroque recorders a440
baroque recorders a415
renaissance recorders
transitional/ganassi recorders

soprano recorders
alto recorders
tenor recorders
bass recorders
sopranino recorders

other woodwinds
modern makers

    recorder methods

recorder from zero,   vol. 1
recorder from zero,   vol. 2
alto recorder from zero
other recorder music

   historical instruments

historical sopranos
historical altos
historical tenors
historical basses
carved instruments
iconography in art & illustration

            links

music history timelines and charts
recorder classroom
recorder orchestra of the midwest
historical makers
21 recorders at 5 pitches








new and used recorders and accessories


 we are your market for the best new and used high-quality recorders and accessories.  all sizes of recorder are available for sale: sopranino, soprano, alto, voice flute, tenor, and 
bass. if there is a particular instrument you don't find on this site just contact me and we will try to order it.  please feel free to browse and 
listen to the sound files for the instruments while you admire the visual details in the photos.  more sound files will be added soon. 

midwest location
unicorn music has a music room in pittsburgh, pennsylvania 
with good acoustics to try recorders on the premises (by 
appointment only). pittsburgh is less than a day's drive from many of the 
midwest's and east coast largest metropolitan areas such as washington, dc, philadelphia, cleveland, indianapolis, chicago, st. louis, 
louisville, cincinnati, columbus, and nashville. if you have a baroque ensemble, 
there will be a continuo organ to try out instruments and pieces 
with continuo (must bring own keyboard player!) alternatively all instruments can be demonstrated over zoom or fb video so you can hear and compare various models before ordering.

	



hot off the presses! the shannonduos, vol. 5 for at by glen shannon - $10.00 + 
$1.50 shipping in the us or $3.00 shipping outside the us
scorch files:            
easy breezy  (jazzy)        
two on a raft   (blue-grassy)  
papillons  
(impressionist-baroque)

mp3 sample files:   
easy breezy     
    
two on a raft     
 papillons



	coming soon! the shannonduos, vol. 6 for sb by glen shannon - $10.00 + 
$1.50 shipping in the us or $3.00 shipping outside the us
scorch files:            
	east bay rag   (ragtimey)      
	sheyne meydele   (klezmer-ish)     
	carnaval (rhumba!)

	
	 


telephone:
(408) 569-2781


email:
bizweb5@yahoo.com


address:
charles 
			fischer/unicorn music 5825 fifth ave #203 pittsburgh, pa 15232


skypid:
unicornmusic



