       mountain workshops williamsburg                                                                                             
home
   
2024 workshops
      photo   video   picture editing        
2024 coaches
   
about
      mission   policies   faq        
history
   
sponsors
   
donate
   
contact
                                                   feels like home williamsburg and whitley county 2024                  photos by bisi cameron yee, anita strods dore, gabriel edward milby, abbey santoro, ali costellow, eli hartman, dominic di palermo, daniel sarch, ashton harper melton, ian pitchford, isaac barnett, jesse hollon, jonah hinebaugh, lindsey mcintosh, von smith jr., raye m. white,                                          a community of neighbors in the southeast corner of kentucky near tennessee and virginia, whitley county is a mountain landscape sliced by interstate 75 and the cumberland river. the city of corbin is on the north end and williamsburg, the county seat and home to the university of the cumberlands, lies in the center. this is an appalachian community with a rich past where friendly, hard-working people are trying to figure out their future.“this is my community, this is my people and this is what is important to me,” local resident laurel west said. “it feels like home; it’s good people here and that makes a difference.”                  video by adam wolffbrandt, sam mallon and the mountain workshops participants          october 24 - october 28, 2024 directed by western kentucky university’s visual journalism & photography program, 77 student and professional photographers and videographers from around the nation, along with a staff of nearly 60 educators, editors and assistants, spent the last week of october 2024 capturing the stories of this distinctive american community.“you need a little swagger,” williamsburg mayor roddy harrison said. “larger cities might have more swagger, but we can swag with the best of them. you have to see our community to understand our community.”           portfolio                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      photo by monica pedynkowski margaret yedo carries son elijah on main street.     photo by abbey santoro a woman carrying a dog dressed in a halloween-themed onesie walks into maiden drugstore in williamsburg shortly after it opens for business.     photo by daria huxley the sun comes up amidst the fog on a farm near mossy gap church.      photo by eddie gaspar williamsburg city school middle school football coach todd mattingly dons on the high school homecoming queen's crown at the high school team's game against harlan high school, friday, oct. 25, 2024, in williamsburg, ky. a minute later, he presented this crown to the queen, senior emma meadors.     photo by jesse hollon chicks warm themselves under a heat lamp as they await their fate. in a few weeks, they will be on their way to a dinner table.     photo by baya burgess the sun rises through the fog on route 92 near williamsburg.     photo by brynn wrankle a horse stands with its companion. the area is filled with abundant pets, horses and wildlife.      photo by deni stanev the city is ablaze in fall color during autumn.     photo by dominic di palermo the morning sun prepares to rise through the crisp fall air. apartments nestle at the base of a hill near the university of the cumberlands.     photo by laura brett at halloween bash at williamsburg independent schools, every child is given a costume if they don't have one and they trick-or-treat around the school.     photo by reuben van hoeve nico maxwell plays near a pool of light during an evening visit to cumberland falls state resort park.     photo by travis lacoss jonathan jones is a 3rd generation upholstery and owner of stitch in time upholstery with his project car lucille.      photo by zach brien christopher douglas blows dirt off the streets of downtown williamsburg in the early morning hours on thursday, october 24.     photo by abbey santoro cars light up williamsburg's historic main street district during early morning as the city begins to come to life.      photo by eddie gaspar mark teague, senior accounting manager at clintwood jod, works at the coal mining company's satellite office in downtown williamsburg, ky., wednesday, oct. 23, 2024. he shares the office with his long-time colleague of 38 years, bill stark, assistant accountant manager.     photo by abbey santoro a neon sign illuminates the window of williamsburg dry cleaners on main street before it opens for business.      photo by jessica parga reba, a regular at amber hale's grooming shop, puts her front paws on the groomer as she blow dries the dog's belly in williamsburg.     photo by olga fedorova prudie thacker of corbin, kentucky, greets a friend in the checkout line at a local walmart in williamsburg.     photo by eddie gaspar a williamsburg, kentucky neighborhood sits between the railroad tracks and the cumberland river, tuesday, oct., 22, 2024. with a population of just over 5,000, according to 2020 census data, forms a tight community near the tennessee border.     photo by laura brett two kids hang out at the williamsburg independent schools stadium during a friday night football game.     photo by eddie gaspar members of the williamsburg city school homecoming court line up with their escorts prior to walking on the field for the announcement of the year's queen, williamsburg, ky., friday, oct. 25, 2024.      photo by travis lacoss johnny d. miller, a brand ambassador for kentucky fried chicken (kfc), is one of 2 living colonel sanders actors and has one of the largest collections of kfc memorabilia.      photo by jessica parga a small tree shows its fall colors as steam rises from a pond one early morning in williamsburg.      photo by laura brett canada geese fly out over williamsburg.                stories                   photos by gabriel edward milby  a new community, a new start becca rice came to williamsburg to help overcome drug addiction. she has found a supportive community that is helping her support her two sons and study to become a therapist. in the future, she hopes to help others overcome addiction.            video by kayden mulrooney  a good friend as justeen wilson, 85, deals with the hardships of aging, her community reciprocates the love she has shown them for decades.             photos by dominic di palermo  a mayor for everybody mayor of williamsburg roddy harrison knows almost the whole town. he's a friendly and affable pillar of the community.            video by matthew thomas bonfer  a blessing in disguise when educator jenine leskiw developed breast cancer, she turned toward god and found unexpected support from friends and family.             photos by isaac barnett  recipe for a family legacy descendants of a couple who purchased the highland park drive in more than 40 years ago are committed to keeping the business in the family. the restaurant brings back memories for staff and customers alike.            video by kc ciresi  history is alive laurel west, a williamsburg native living on her ancestral property, honors her family's legacy by giving back to the community. she reads to children, works at the library and embraces the spirits that linger in her historic, antique-filled home.             photos by von smith jr.  everything in between if you get off interstate 75 between corbin and williamsburg, there's a lot of to see besides the famous cumberland falls. the mountains of whitley county hide a subtle beauty that often goes unnoticed.            video by andrew meriwether  carol and her boy carol smith strives to create a normal life for her son, gunner, 10, who was born with a rare genetic disease.             photos by kayla bartkowski  a beloved town vet mike "doc" culver follows his father's legacy of serving the people and pets of whitley county.            video by garrett woodrum  faith in change amanda croley, a middle school principal and survivor of ovarian cancer, now guides more than 500 students in a community struggling with addiction and absent parents.             photos by lipe borges  centered on service catherine and gregory sims find fulfillment in their quiet life on their farm and in serving children, animals and the community.            video by doug stroud  rumbling there and back again lifelong motorcycle rider fee brown travels across the country on his harley, but williamsburg always calls him home.             photos by ashton melton  a wild labor of love marti wilson feels called to provide a sanctuary for wolf dogs, which often are misunderstood creatures.            video by jay byrd  box of color ten-year-old chayton hudson seems to feel more like a cat than a human, says his mother, denise mills. they collaborate to bring chayton's vivid, feline-inspired ideas to life in a series of books they coauthor.             photos by laura brett  preparing for a new challenge kacy jones is at a pivotal point in life. the high school senior has found success at williamsburg independent school and in her community. but change is coming: soon she will leave for the university of louisville.            video by caroline bunge  harvesting dreams from dust after 21 years in the culinary industry, chef nickolas bishop pursues his dream of owning a restaurant. his farm-to-table vision in williamsburg is set to come to life in early 2025.             photos by zach brien  more than sewing thelma hilbert's mother taught her how to sew as a child, igniting a passion for it. now in retirement, she and other members of the busy bee homemaker's club make gifts for people in need.            video by madeline powell  life plays on for virgil bowlin, a musician and music teacher, music isn't just about the instruments; it's a way of connection with his mother.             photos by baya burgess  call to williamsburg three years into their life in williamsburg, coach shan housekeeper and superintendent tabetha housekeeper coach students into adulthood.            video by keenan miller  heart of the park maggy monhollen, the manager at cumberland falls state resort park, demonstrates her commitment to the community through her work ethic and mentorship.             photos by bisi cameron yee  loving in the moment ed and kathryn bailey discover 'home is not a place, it's a time' as they navigate the effects of alzheimer's             video by eli randolph  facing the music chandler powell is the lead singer of three years apart, an alt rock band in corbin. despite the challenge of finding an audience, the band perseveres. music is what chandler wants to do.             photos by jack cheasty  the 'gentle giant' football has been the focus of herman canada's life since fourth grade. as his senior year as a varsity player comes to an end, all that is about to change.             video by adin parks  a barber's ties jerry perry owns modern barbarian, a small barbershop rooted in corbin's community. as jerry cuts hair, he finds himself to be the grease on the wheel of the community, helping to develop relationships.             photos by ali costellow  heartache and hope the knox-whitley humane association cares for community animals while navigating challenges.            video by jeff alex thomas  nourishing braids inspired by her time living in israel, kris caldwell makes challah, an ancient jewish bread whose recipe is passed down through generations. she hopes her grandson will continue the business she's building.             photos by tom denny  mr. do it all rocky moses jr. is always on the go. his newest venture is restoring the beloved lane theater            video by jordana rubenstein-edberg  standing in the gap kayla henderson is a “doing everything, everywhere, all the time” educator who envisions and builds a community where people provide support for students who may not have a parent, a guide, or a helping hand.             photos by anita strods dore  found family in a homeless shelter while residents at the emergency christian ministries have diverse reasons for becoming homeless, they manage to find family with each other.            video by lauren howe  called back to the mountains five years ago, pati sears burnett returned to williamsburg, where she spent her childhood summers. here she researches her history to honor her mother and find out who she herself really is.             photos by john evans  building a time capsule for 30 years, danny sullivan has assembled a private collection of antique americana to preserve it for future generations.             video by georgia pressley  crafting meaning at age 83, alice fae weiland is pursuing her passion as a basket weaver despite health challenges. with unwavering drive and creativity, she teaches that it’s never too late to create beauty and leave a lasting legacy.             photos by jonah hinebaugh  fighting fires, serving the community the williamsburg fire department is a home away from home. 'we'd do anything for each other'            video by vincent paul munoz  'life's what you make of it' tammy vosburgh is a subsistence farmer. her husband, brian chinn, is a jack-of-all-trades. together, they work to create their dream lives on a scenic appalachian property.             photos by eddie gaspar  widening interests, horizons taylor jackson is a high school senior and cheerleader in williamsburg. the 18-year-old has picked up her mother's principles aimed at widening her activities and appreciating the world around her.             video by gerard david millman  home of the brave after serving in the u.s. army for 20 years, andrew modica returned home to kentucky on his journey to reintegrate with his family and civilian life.             photos by isabel ferré sadurní  dedicated to healing kerstin colliver and stephanie keim have established two angels horse farm, dedicated to healing people as well as abused and neglected horses.             video by jess kszos  keeping the town alive as music teacher and choir director at williamsburg independent schools, jonathan wyatt works to provide a positive environment for young people of all ages. he believes instilling hope in them will help the community to thrive.             photos by olga fedorova  the taste of home dina davis grew up on a hill farm and left whitley county to attend culinary school. now she is back, nourishing her community as director of nutrition at williamsburg independent schools.            video by stephanie amador  chasing nostalgia jim bruso, owner of the pinball museum of corbin, brings his childhood experience to a place where the community can gather and have some old-fashioned fun.             photos by eli hartman  kind words, big differences vaughn hatcher says the lessons he teaches on the field and in the classroom are instrumental. his philosophy keeps him away from home most days.            video by preston jenkins  a simple, artistic life longtime whitley county resident dal macon has been an oil painter since 7th grade. since losing his wife two years ago, he has found purpose in art, exercise and local friendships.             photos by jesse hollon  raising a future on goodthymes organic farm, love and hard work makes things grow.             video by brodie curtsinger  a bunch of country loving sue bunch owns and operates roy's grocery, a country store in the rockholds community. since her father roy bunch's untimely death in 1994, she has carried forward his love for people.             photos by samuel huffman  flowers for sorrow and joy greg and terri prewitt provide floral arrangements to members of their community for events ranging from birthdays to funerals.            video by rhea begazo  the five to nine mark alexander, an outdoors hobbyist with a 9-to-5 job, commits his free time to developing youtube influencer status in hopes of getting paid to do what he loves.             photos by daria huxley  more than football for kristen bowlin, a williamsburg native and mother of three, football is not just a pastime activity but also a great passion that keeps her sons and other children safe from harm and on the right path.             video by emilee arnold  living beautifully kirby lewis is home-schooling her three sons: twins kenny and joey, 9; and danny, 3. she works each day to instill a love for lifelong learning, beauty and nature as she seeks to protect them from the world's hardships.             photos by travis lacoss  finding purpose on two wheels after caring for his aging parents, jay fryman needed new purpose in his life. the disabled veteran founded it in organizing motorcycle events to promote tourism and economic development in appalachia.            photos by lindsey mcintosh  family, faith, farm the brubakers enjoy a simple life as mennonites devoted to each other and to god             photos by lawrence e. miller  baking to give back alicia vanover finds joy in serving the community through her home-based baking business, alicia's treats.            photos by katelyn myrick  leaving a legacy, building a future after 20 years teaching at williamsburg independent schools, bill conn prepares for retirement and the goodbyes that comes with it.              photos by mattie neretin  the quarterback nate goodin is a leader on the field, in the community and at home            photos by nate pappas  loved so well ginnie west, a special education professor at the university of the cumberlands has a daughter, emma, with a number of disabilities. along with her husband, larry, ginnie does her best to make sure emma has the best life she can.             photos by jessica parga  land along the river amber hale is living her dream of caring for animals and enjoying the land she dreamed of running away to as a child. her dog grooming business on her property along the cumberland river supports her passion of raising her 100 pets.             photos by monica pedynkowski  soul of the community mike's barber shop gives haircuts, but folks leave with so much more.             photos by ian pitchford  come as camper, leave as friend dennis patrick operates a campground on land his family has owned for more than 150 years. he says he wants to give campers the chance to enjoy the beauty of the serene, wooded property along the cumberland river.            photos by nigel rumsey  caring for the land and each other kathy lay and cleo white raise chickens, sheep, goats and horses.             photos by abbey santoro  a foundation of faith tonya moreland says her christian faith is at the center of her life. a former teacher, she home-schooled her two daughters and wrote children’s books inspired by them and scripture.            photos by daniel sarch  the promised land farmer taulman jackson looks to pass on his farm after health concerns and financial hardship due to the pandemic. his 10-year-old grandson might be the one to keep the family farm going.             photos by melyssa st. michael  the dance of life returning to her childhood dance studio where she got her start, naomi and husband collin davis navigate the next act of their life together in lock step.            photos by deni stanev  making dreams come true chelsea harvey is realizing the dream of owning her own ceramic studio with the help and love of her husband, brent harvey. she instructs customers about painting on ceramic objects at the business in corbin.              photos by melissa k. taylor  a passion to serve cambodian native chhiv fong chhuor, known as fong, owns and operates king donuts. the shop provides a welcoming atmosphere for locals and passers-by.            photos by alexander bowman  as long as you're having fun lil' jim's smoked meats serves meats from a trailer next to highway 25. jim sharp is more than the owner of the smoker. he's a pillar of the community.             photos by reuben van hoeve  a work in progress an artist moves through the shifting phases of her personal and professional life with authenticity.             photos by brian wells  history through burgers after her husband died, julie mccullah continued to run his family's restaurant to find comfort and healing.             photos by brian wells  finding camaraderie through music some university of the cumberlands students feel the band's small size has helped them find friendship.             photos by raye m. white  a family farm charline and richard meadors run a pumpkin patch with their entire family. faith has sustained them through the ups and downs of farm life.             photos by brynn wrankle  seniors forever young newcomers to a senior activities center in williamsburg might expect a quiet atmosphere, but nothing could be farther from reality. center members, including some in their 90s, exude a sense of joy and liveliness that many younger people might envy.               behind the lens take a look at the people behind the scenes who make this annual project a reality.                  video by sean mcinnis                          
contact us
 
stay tuned to our website for dates and location of the 50th anniversary mountain workshops in october 2025. contact us with any questions about eligibility to be a participant. if you are interested in having your community selected for a future workshops location we would love to hear from you.
        mountainworkshops@wku.edu western kentucky universityschool of media & communication1906 college heights blvd. #11070bowling green, ky 42101be sure to follow us on our social media for the latest information!                                                      
send                                           
2024 national pinnacle sponsors
       canon usa lisa gualtieri | vertical sales manager, edu &b2brebecca nichols | director, education, field & sales supportmatt campbell | sr. manager and pro market supporttony kurdzuk | sr. pro market rep., key agency, field supportdirk fletcher | sr. pro market rep., key agency, field support    sony  ben manlove | pro support sr. manager - west coastdavid rice | professional imaging sales account managerelizabeth pratt | director of imaging solutions, saleshilda kosovich | manager, events production departmentdrew buttress | sr. manager, product management    wku smc dr. terrance brown | dean, potter college of arts & lettersdr. robert fisher | provost and vice president for academic affairs                            
2024 local pinnacle sponsor
        city of williamsburg and williamsburg tourism city of williamsburgroddy harrison | williamsburg mayorconvention centeralvin sharpe | directornikki corder | administrative assistanted monhollen | maintenanceconvention commission membersgary barton | chairmanfred white | vice-chairmanpatty faulknerjohn jeffriesjulie mccullahtravis wilson                         2024 summit sponsors              brian gupton | ceojohn soward | research and registered apprenticeship initiatives manager
         brian masck | co-ownermarcy yurk | co-owner          kristine bosworth | technical rep. & school market liaisonmary mannix | sales representative          alex doerrlee funnellrick maruccitom thayer                            2024 foothill sponsor            robert's camera  
nick henry, professional sales associate
                          2024 plateau sponsors            boyd's station  
jack gruber, founder
      prograde digital  
david saucedo, director of marketing
      think tank photo  
matt fabiano, content director
                          2024 basecamp sponsors           
immanuel baptist church
 
stephen gadwah | pastor
     
williamsburg city school
 
tabitha housekeeper | superintendent
     
local story research
 
tabitha housekeeper kayla hendersoncortney moses laurel west
            © 2024 mountain workshops & western kentucky university all rights reservedexcept as permitted by the copyright law applicable to you, you may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website, including files downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner.mountain workshops directorschool of media & communication1906 college heights blvd. #11070bowling green, ky 42101mountainworkshops@wku.edufedex or ups address:1665 normal drivesuite 216bowling green, ky 42101we educate and inspire visual storytellers and create a valuable cultural archive of kentucky life.the mountain workshops is an extension of the school of media & communication’s visual journalism and photography program and is part of potter college of arts and letters at western kentucky university. we respect your privacy.read our policy here.               