

luxury self-catering holiday cottages and scottish vacation cottage accommodation crieff perthshire scotland.







 
scottish holiday cottages 

luxury self-catering vacation accommodation scotland



holiday cottages in a stunningly beautiful locations, often within easy walking distance of towns in scotland

view from a self catering holiday cottage in crieff, perthshire
       
       scottish selfcatering cottage sleeping 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 ,12, 14 and big houses for large group accommodation. up to date availability and online booking for christmas and new year 2020/2021.
click here to view cottages >> 
       scotland is one of the most wonderful places for a holiday - romantic castles, beautiful countryside and mountains, spectacular lochs and 
glens and stunning city architecture in edinburgh and glasgow.  whether you want to rent an idyllic and romantic hideaway, perhaps on the west 
coast or hidden away up a remote glen, or a city break appartment then you will find a great choice of cottages to rent in scotland.  

 unique and rural, traditional and newly renovated, in the countryside or in the town
     - the very best central locations for a luxury holiday cottages in scotland.  getaway to the highlands of scotland or have a cultural city break, you are never far from perfect peace on one hand and culture, activities and interests in the other.
     
       walking and golf are plentiful and scotland has some of the best in the world - whether you 
want to climb a scottish hill or mountain, or play golf on a championship golf course, then you will find luxury holiday cottages to 
rent nearby.  the coast of scotland is amazing, particularly the west coast with its sea lochs, and there are  lots of cottages by the sea available for holiday rental.  honeymoon cottages in scotland are very popular with couples - whether you have been married in gretna green or 
just want to spend your honeymoon cuddled up in front of a log fire in a romantic self-catering cottage.  there are many isolated cottages to let, as much of the country is very isolated and remote - try caithness or sutherland for a real taste of remote living!  the less accessible
parts of the highlands of scotland have lots of luxury holiday cottages - the north of perthshire and angus are popular for rent year round.  
there are also plenty of large holiday cottages, houses, castles and lodges if you are a big group of friends of 
families going on holiday together - some are very luxurious and will come with a cook/housekeeper, and often a tennis court and swimming pool.  some of the less popular parts of scotland are dumfries and galloway, moray, and deeside - they all have lots of holiday accommodation - many with five star tourist board ratings.self-catering in highland log cabins is perfect for family holidays, just imagine a lochside cabin with an amazing mountainous highland backdrop, providing a great base for outdoor holiday activities.
holiday accommodation - sleeping 2-10 people can be found, ranging from crofts, country house and castles to city apartments and flats to hire.
      holiday properties for rent in uk are of an increasingly high standard, many luxury features can often be found. english country cottages, baronial scottish castles and seaside costal holiday homes are amongst the collection of uk holiday houses available for rent online.
      

converted farm steadings, offers luxury holiday cottage accommodation in perthshire, scotland. often nestling in attractive rural surroundings on quiet private avenues, 
with magnificent view towards the mountians and not far from the banks of a river, there are many traditional scottish farmhouses in perthshire that have been turned into vacation properties rather than being used for residential purposes.
   many of of scotland’s most beautiful and unspoilt
areas, can be rented by you for your holiday, and as a centre for your holiday recreation will be virtually unrivalled. 
riding, sailing, fishing, golf, tennis, swimming, pubs and restaurants are all amongst the scottish outdoors activities.  


an example cottage is;  
broich steading holiday cottage which is attached by an archway to the owners house and offers a very high standard of holiday accommodation in perthshire, scotland and a friendly welcome. this holiday cottage
is ideal as a centre for your holiday's activities - especially for golfers. the cottage enjoys unspoilt
views and has its own courtyard garden with a patio, garden furniture and barbecue.


the delightful self-catering holiday accommodation is all on the ground floor and is very comfortably furnished and well equipped. the large open plan sitting/dining room extends to approx 34 foot,
has a cozy open log fire and an archway to a large area with a coombed ceiling, wooden floors, rugs and french doors that open onto a large patio area with views towards
ben chonzie. walkers can make guided and self led walks up numerous mountains in perthshire and head toward the scottish highlands which are within easy reach, hill walkers often return to stay in the cottage later in the year.  

there is one double bedroom room with ensuite bathroom, one twin bedroom and a large private bathroom. superb to accomodate a family, or a couple on a country retreat.


the cottage has full oil fired central heating, and constant hot water - all included in the rental rates. the log fire is an open fire and we encourage you to
use it, as we have plenty of wood for burning.
this is a holiday cottage in scotland that is very warm! all cotton bed linen, duvets and towels are provided,
together with a welcome pack of scottish produce. local scottish organic meat and vegetables are available in the town.


in the sitting room there is an open log fire, a colour tv with teletext and video, also a radio and cd player. there is a telephone
for incoming and emergency calls. most mobile phone networks are available in this area of scotland. there is a beautiful garden room, with 
coombed ceiling and double doors looking out towards the scottish hills. the french doors lead to a patio with a barbecue.


the kitchen has everthing that you will need - there is a large larder, a automatic dishwasher, washing machine,
electric oven with hob and a fridge freezer. the shops are within easy walking access down the private tree lined avenue. 


there is a no smoking and no pets policy in this superb self-catering scottish holiday cottage.
there is ample parking and it is possible to borrow mountain bikes. if you prefer different accomodation, we can recommend a luxury bed and breakfast in perthshire.


crieff is small spa town, 8 miles from the geographical centre of scotland - it is an ideal location for those wishing to base themselves for a golfing holiday. 
if you are planning a self catering golf holiday in scotland you will be well situated as there is an abundance of truly superb golf courses within a short drive of crieff. 
gleneagles is only a ten mile drive away, and crieff has its own 18 hole challenging course only two miles from our holiday cottage. ther are over thirty golf course in perthshire, so for the enthusiastic
amateur or the more expert golfer, golf is at your finger tips! auchterarder, aberfeldy, dunkeld, perth, comrie stirling and callendar are easy to get to by road and are less than 30 minutes drive. scotland's capital edinburgh and glasgow are both around an hours drive, so shopping , culture and international airports are all very accessible.


 there are many castles for a day trip blair castle at blair atholl, glamis castle in forfar, stirling castle and scone palace on the outskirts of perth are but to name a few. easy access to the scottish highlands, 'the steading' provides excellent accommodation
 for a scottish romatic break or a holiday home ofr a family, it is very versatile accommodation with a log fire and many unique features.

if you wish to have a fishing holiday in scotland, we can offer fishing on the doorstep, the river earn is a field away! fishing is available on various lochs and rivers close by.
so whether it is salmon, trout or graying that you are after, crieff is well situated in the centre of perthshire - a fishermans mecca. equally for those seeking a walking holiday - or a weekend break to climb a munroe will find
this area of scotland full of beautiful walks and hills to climb.

for walkers, we are in the grampian foothills, close to the scottish highlands and the trossachs. renting this holiday house in crieff gives you flexibility to explore scotland.
rentals are generally by the week, but long weekend breaks are sometimes available, and last minute late cottage rentals can be made if available.
self-catering scottish holiday cottages busiest times are hogmanay - new year in scotland is a fantastic time to visit the highlands of scotland.
if our cottage is booked, we can often recommend other cottages to try - especially if you want a fishing or walking break, there are several estate cottages and lodges close by that are for rent.


this scottish holiday house offers superb holiday accommodation in crieff, perthshire, scotland - sleeps up to 4 people. additional cot and high chair facilities are available for children by arrangement.
 
booking enquiries can be made to the owner -  self catering holiday cottage enquiries.
we have listed a few attractions and things to do in perthshire, within easy reach of this delightful holiday cottage in scotland.

if you are arriving in scotland for your holiday and require a hire car, we recommend car hire scotland for great deals and first class service. car hire at edinburgh airport and  delivered to your door in scotland - remember that edinburgh airport is 8 miles out of edinburgh city centre.


scottish holiday accommodation
      holiday cottages scotland
       self catering cottages in the highlands of scotland
       crieff perthshire 
       the steading, broich, crieff, perthshire, scotland. ph7 3rx 

other sites in perthshire and the highlands of scotland and travel related sites to help you when planning your scottish holiday.
 
 www.scotland-holiday-cottage.co.uk © 2004 - 2013
holiday homes and vacation villas and
 self-catering accommodation alongside other scottish letting or rental properties - including large holiday homes, houses for large group accommodation, lastminute bookings, rural retreats and holiday cottages in scotland. 
 

