







heal the hurt counseling





























































































cart
















0
















            about
          

        meet lara
      

            meet the team
          

specialties


            trauma + ptsd
          

            services
          

            blog
          

            faq
          

            contact
          







back


            specialties summary
          









































cart
















0











aboutmeet larameet the team
specialties

specialties summary

trauma + ptsdservicesblogfaqcontact


















scroll








welcomethe heal the hurt team is committed to promoting the wellness of our clients. we are a private practice of trauma and emdr specialists offering services for adult individuals in need of support. 818.570.0721




    contact us
  





















resiliency specialists with a passion for helping you heal the hurt and build a life you love.our approach to serving our clients is to ensure that the therapist they have is the best fit for their needs. we have an exceptional group of therapists on staff who offer a variety of different specialties, allowing us to collaborate in ways that enrich our relationships with our clients and our practice as a whole.

 


    meet our team
  








our specialtiesthe most unique part of heal the hurt counseling is that our staff specializes in a variety of specific needs. we understand that everyone’s needs are distinctive and we want to make sure you are connected to the person who can best help you meet those needs. that is why we pride ourselves on the different specialties we offer here at heal the hurt. emdrhavening techniquetrauma resiliency modelsensorimotor psychotherapybrainspottingsomatic therapies

 

we are happy to announce we now accept the following insurancescignaoptumunited health care united behavioral healthumruprise healthtriwest ccntricareaetnamolinamhnhealth net





















sign-up for our free e-newsletteryou’ll get a free dose of our teams compassion, and expertise on building resiliency—even when you can’t schedule an appointment. you’ll read tips and encouragement as you overcome your difficulties and evolve personally and emotionally.










email address






sign up





thank you!










home banner



what we do



blog posts - home



newsletter - home








 

aboutmeet the teamour specialties
















 

policiesblogcontact



good faith estimate noticein accordance with no surprises act effective january 1, 2022, all healthcare providers are required to provide estimates for the costs of your care. the good faith estimate shows the cost of items and services that are reasonably expected for your healthcare needs and treatment. this will be provided by this office upon scheduling and/or as requested. this good faith estimate does not include unexpected costs that could arise during treatment.




    818.570.0721
  

 

© heal the hurt counseling   /   follow us on instagram



branding + website by salty anchor design














