




tiverton and mid-devon astronomy society (tamdas)




 


home
events
tya
night sky
telescopes
gallery
news
solar system
stonehenge



tiverton and mid devon
      astronomy society
membership | newsletters 
      | our history | committee | contact 
      info 

tamdas has disbanded
dear visitor,
tiverton and mid devon astronomy society has formally disbanded, 
        as of summer 2023.
four members of our committee planned to stand down at the close of the 
        2022-23 season, including two who had served on it for nearly 25 years. 
        unfortunately, volunteers to fill the critical positions of chair and 
        treasurer could not be found, and being unable to form a committee we 
        were compelled to wind up the society. our remaining assets were distributed 
        among several local organisations with similar aims.
this website will remain online for a while, to serve as a record of 
        our activities.
best wishes, and clear skies,
the tamdas committee

tiverton & mid devon as is an enthusiastic and friendly group who meet 
      regularly for talks, social events and night sky observing sessions. our 
      aim is to encourage people of all ages and abilities and from all walks 
      of life to learn about the wonders of our universe. please come along and 
      try one of our meetings without obligation. 
      previous knowledge of astronomy is not necessary. we are a member of the 
      federation of astronomical societies (fas).


membership
one year's standard membership costs £18, or £14 for senior citizens or 
      if unwaged. those under the age of 18 and in full-time education go free. 
      everyone is welcome to come along to our meetings - non-members will be 
      charged £3 at the door (deductible on taking membership). please note 
      that fees are due in september, but to help ease in our new treasurer, bev 
      welch, could we please ask that you pay your subscription as soon as you 
      are able. if you have a standing order, you may need to update it to reflect 
      our current fees. you can pay via two methods:
1. bank transfer
payable to “tiv and mid devon astronomy soc.” (exact wording 
      please)
      account number: 29752604
      sort code: 60-21-27

      2. cheque
payable to "tiverton & mid devon astronomy society"
      please post to:-
      mrs a cousins, 10 park hill, tiverton, devon, ex16 6rw
top



a brief history...
tiverton astronomy society began in 1985, when graham west convened a gathering 
      of people in the town interested in the subject. regular meetings 
      began, often with visiting speakers who have covered a wide range of topics 
      from planetary geology to astrology, and from the soviet 
      space programme to observing the moon. visits to other societies 
      and observatories have also been arranged.
run informally for many years, the society has grown particularly strongly 
      since the turn of the century. early in 2000 it became formally constituted.
our telescope's history
at the time of the society's inauguration douglas rice, a teacher at blundell's 
      school, had recently discovered a fine 8" newtonian 
      telescope belonging to the school. with the help of a pupil, nicholas wood, 
      and advice from patrick moore, he restored the instrument to working order. 
      it was built about 1910, is extremely solid with a tube 7 ft long, and is 
      very user-friendly (if you don't mind climbing a step-ladder).
the telescope has been at blundell's 
      since at least the second world war. for some years it was situated on the 
      blundell's clock tower, where it tended to be used by the boys for spying 
      activities! with the school's support the instrument was re-housed in a 
      wheel-off shed near milestones (now blundell's 
      prep school) on blundell's road (see map). for 15 
      years it has been the focus for public observing 
      sessions as well as seeing use by pupils and local groups. these days 
      several members also bring their own modern instruments to these sessions.
top


the committee
president douglas rice
co-founder of the society at the time of halley’s comet in 1986, 
      douglas was chairman for 28 years and still finds astronomy fascinating!
chairwoman angela cousins
i joined tiverton and mid devon astronomy society as a complete novice 
      in 1996. since then i have been on a ‘vertical learning curve’ 
      and have developed a passion not only for astronomy but for sharing it with 
      others, too. i have been on the society’s committee since its inception 
      in 1999. i was secretary for 10 years, treasurer last year and recently 
      returned to my long standing role of programme co-ordinator; this time with 
      some great contributions from other members. i have organised and supported 
      many society events over the years and secured us a lottery grant to buy 
      some lovely telescopes. it was an honour 
      to take on the role of chairwoman in 2014 when douglas stepped down.
      

secretary and events co-ordinator joanne richardson
i have held an interest in space since childhood, however it wasn’t 
      until i met my husband pete in 2005 that this developed into more than just 
      a hobby!
      between us in 2010, we built a small observatory at our home in north somerset, 
      from which pete has become quite well known for his astrophotography!
      in addition to tiverton and mid-devon astronomy society i am also heavily 
      involved in several other south west astronomy groups, namely wells and 
      mendip and the charterhouse observatory steering group. i co-ordinate all 
      their public events and work not only with them but also alongside agencies 
      such as the national trust and exmoor national park bringing astronomy and 
      space education to the masses.
      i also own and run a small business called “space detectives” 
      which delivers space workshops in schools, community groups and public events. 
      
      my main focus is very much on space outreach education and i have always 
      held the belief that if i manage to inspire people to just “look up” 
      and see the wonder of what is above them, then my work is wholly worthwhile!
treasurer bev welch
[ bio pending... ]
membership alex scott
[ bio pending... ]
publicity john parratt
i have been interested in astronomy since i was 8 years old, living in 
      hackney, london. the toilets were outside, in the back yard. one night i 
      happened to look up into the night sky and saw hundreds of bright lights, 
      some brighter than others; i was overwhelmed, rushed back indoors and asked 
      my dad what they were – he told me they were stars.
      i tried to find out more on stars by asking my teacher, who thought i was 
      young to ask about astronomy, but suggested going to a library. i was told 
      by the librarian to come back when i was older; although i did look at some 
      astronomy books, i could not understand them and there weren't many photographs.
      it was not until 1981 after leaving the army that my love for astronomy 
      came back, when i saw the sky at night tv show. i joined a local society 
      and was instrumental in helping the society build their 20-inch telescope. 
      i built several other telescopes after that; today i have 12-inch reflector 
      mounted on neq6 computer mount on a pillar housed in a self-made observatory, 
      which i use for visual observing and astrophotography (deep sky). i also 
      have a celestron xlt 9.25 cassegrain telescope f10 which goes on eq5 driven 
      mount; this i use for viewing and imaging the planets.
website, a/v nick markell
the excitement and adventure of mankind's exploration of the cosmos, and 
      particularly of the solar system, has fascinated me from a young age. my 
      father, a pilot in the raf and in civil aviation, encouraged my interest 
      in space and aeronautics by providing many books on these subjects. attending 
      blundell's from the age of 13, i joined both douglas's astronomy activity 
      and the astronomy society (which met in the school's ondaatje hall 
      at the time). 
      i chose to read astronomy and geology at university (my dissertation was 
      based on the volcanic tharsis region of mars), during which years 
      i was absent from the club. upon returning to tiverton in the late '90s 
      i rejoined the society and, like angela, became a member of the committee 
      when it formed.
top


contact information
the best way to contact us if you have any queries is via e-mail: nick@tivas.org.uk. 
      you can also call a member of the committee if you wish; our telephone numbers 
      are listed below.


officers


position
name
contact


chairwoman
angela cousins
07969 984311
          angela_astro@hotmail.com


secretary & events
jo richardson
spacedetectives@yahoo.com


treasurer 
bev welch
tamdas.treasurer@gmail.com


membership
alex scott
alexjmscott@hotmail.co.uk


publicity
john parratt
johnparratt61@gmail.com


website, a/v
nick markell
nick@tivas.org.uk


how to find us
for directions, please find us on google maps: visit maps.google.co.uk 
      and type in the school's postcode, ex16 4na. the school is on the south 
      side of blundell's road. the school's full address is: blundell's preparatory 
      school, blundells road, tiverton, devon, ex16 4na.


top | home | events 
	  | telescopes | gallery 
      | solar system 
disclaimer | site 
      map 



this site is best viewed with google chrome, 
      mozilla firefox, 
      apple safari, opera or microsoft internet explorer 9+.
      some sections of the site incorporate flash animations.
© 1999-2022 nick markell, 
      bsc (hons)



