


home | haysite reinforced plastics worldwide leader in thermoset composite materials













abouthistorystaffassociationsmarketstransitelectrical insulationcorrosion resistanceplaten insulationstructuralmedical and electronicsproductslaminated sheetcompoundspultruded profilescustom compression moldingpultruded sheetsresourcesfaqcomposite advantagescareersqualitycontactprivacy policysitemapinternal area 








haysite: industry-leading composite material formulation and processing
haysite dura-core - the next wave in transit vehicle flooring.
learn more contact us







advanced composite technology
haysite delivers the frp products and services for your project.
learn more







haysite fiberglass sheet
laminated and pultruded sheet products - stock or customized to meet your needs.
contact us







custom molding of components and profiles
our ability to manufacture material and mold parts offers our customers a “one stop shop” approach.
contact us

























                                    transit 

                            












                                    electrical
                                    insulation

                            












                                    corrosionresistance

                            





haysite reinforced plastics
haysite, located in erie, pa, is among the worldwide leaders in the formulation and processing of thermoset composite materials. at the forefront in technological advances in composites since 1954, haysite maintains its competitive advantage through unparalleled product innovation and exceptional customer service.
haysite offers one of the broadest product lines in the fiberglass reinforced plastics industry, including laminated sheet, custom molded parts, pultruded sheetsand profiles, and engineered molding compound.
contact haysite for the best in fiberglass reinforced products.
 
 
 
video
worldwide leader in the formulation and processing of thermoset composite materials

transit products
haysite composite products are an excellent fit for transit applications. from third rail brackets to shims and wire supports, products made with haysite h1000 meet nycta stringent specifications 64 and 65 for fst and strength.
learn more
electrical insulation
haysite offers a range of products to meet all your electrical insulation needs. whether it is gpo -1, 2, or 3, haysite’s fiberglass reinforced plastic sheets provide our customers with options when faced with critical material requirements.
learn more



corrosion resistance
haysite brings years of experience supplying high quality, consistent sheets used as liners for fume hoods. low smoke and flame spread values coupled with high chemical resistance make these sheets a standard product choice in most laboratory environments.
learn more


quality
testing laboratory
haysite reinforced plastics has comprehensive onsite testing facilities to provide product validation and development. haysite has the ability to perform a wide array of testing parameters, and our trained technicians work diligently to ensure your haysite products are right the first time, and every time. haysite’s testing laboratory is equipped to test every product we make in-house.
learn more






100employees


1,400sq ft labs


67years of experience


103,000sq ft facility



















contact









5599 new perry highway,
                                erie, pa 16509-3598
(814) 868-3691
(814) 864-7803
i n f o | a t | h a y s i t e . c o m 




about 
markets 
products 
resources 
careers 
quality 
contact 









                        ©copyright 2021 haysite / privacy policy / privacy settings / sitemap


                        a member of the 













