








danvers community ymca | youth development, healthy living, social responsibility






























































 







x




                                        important information:sunday's yoga and shine are cancelled.
                                      

learn more







skip to content








danvers community ymca 

newseventscontact 










 our yabout uswho we arehours & schedulesmission & focuscommunity impactleadershipboard of directorsambassadorsemploymentjoin the ymembership infomembership benefitsmembership levels & ratesfinancial assistancenationwide membershipjoin nowprogramshealth & wellnessfitness classespersonal trainingpersonal training brochurewater exerciseswimmingswim lessonsprivate & adaptive lessonsdanvers ymca dolfinsadult programspickleballwomen’s basketballyouth programsyouth code of conductyouth sportsgymnasticsguitar lessonsjunior water poloparty rentalskids’ night outsummer campchild carepreschool & school agetoddler roompreschool child careschools out kids clubsteward fun clubsupportdonate & volunteermake a donationcapital campaigncommunity recognitionvolunteernewseventscontactour yabout uswho we arehours & schedulesmission & focuscommunity impactleadershipboard of directorsambassadorsemploymentjoin the ymembership infomembership benefitsmembership levels & ratesfinancial assistancenationwide membershipjoin nowprogramshealth & wellnessfitness classespersonal trainingpersonal training brochurewater exerciseswimmingswim lessonsprivate & adaptive lessonsdanvers ymca dolfinsadult programspickleballwomen’s basketballyouth programsyouth code of conductyouth sportsgymnasticsguitar lessonsjunior water poloparty rentalskids’ night outsummer campchild carepreschool & school agetoddler roompreschool child careschools out kids clubsteward fun clubsupportdonate & volunteermake a donationcapital campaigncommunity recognitionvolunteernewseventscontact 











loading...







 






 










homeadmin2024-11-13t13:48:11-05:00 
latest news


state advocacy daythe danvers ymca was in attendance and active participants in the 2025 ymca state advocacy day that took place at the massachusetts state house on february 13th, 2025. 25 ymca associations with close to 300 ymca representatives in attendance. we  […]





free swim lessons for first time participantsfree swim lessons for 1st time beginners   the danvers ymca recently received a grant from dcr (department of conservation and recreation) that will allow our aquatics program  to offer free swimming lessons for 1st time swimmers ages toddler to age 16.   […]





rotary check for campershipsdanvers rotary president, richard vincent, presented a check to danvers ymca fitness director, andrea bean for $2500.  the money is raised over the year at club meetings.  the money will be allocated towards camperships at the danvers ymca summer camp  […]





ira toyota donationon january 6th, 2025 biana yurnet from ira toyota presented a donation check in support of the new toddler classroom for our recently renovated childcare program. photo l 2 r:  meaghan carr, after school director;  kylie hills, social emotional learning coordinator  […]


upcoming events











			feb		

			17		








february 17 @ 8:00 am - february 22 @ 5:00 pm 



		february vacation	










			mar		

			1		








march 1 @ 5:30 am - march 31 @ 9:00 pm 



		march ceo challenge	










			mar		

			4		








march 4 @ 12:00 am - april 29 @ 12:00 am 



		couch to 5k	










			mar		

			5		








10:30 am - 11:30 am 



		injury prevention	










			apr		

			26		








12:30 pm - 2:30 pm 



		healthy kids day	










			may		

			31		








9:00 am - 1:00 pm 



		wildcat 5k trail	









		view calendar	














youth developmentwe believe the values and skills learned early on are vital building blocks for life. at the y, children and teens learn values and positive behaviors and can explore their unique talents and interests, helping them realize their potential.swim lessonsyouth sportssummer campchild care





healthy livingbeing healthy means more than simply being physically active. it’s about maintaining a balanced spirit, mind and body. the y is a place where you can work toward that balance of living healthier on the inside as well as the outside.fitness classespersonal trainingwater exercisepickleball





social responsibilitygenerosity is at the core of the y’s existence as a nonprofit. it is only through the support of our hundreds of thousands of volunteers and public and private donors that we are able to support and give back to the communities we engage.volunteerour impactmission & focusrecognition





you make the y possiblethe mission of the danvers community ymca is to provide facilities and programs which promote good health, strong kids and strong families in an environment filled with good, moral and ethical values based on the ymca’s christian principles and traditions.the y has the long standing relationship and physical presence to not only promise, but also deliver, lasting personal and social change. we help individuals in danvers, boxford, middleton, topsfield and surrounding communities learn, grow and thrive. when you give to the y, you support critical programs and services for young people, adults and families who need them the most.make a donation 
share this... 


 
 





 


search for:








 

 

quick links 
news
events
membership
donate
volunteer


 

get in touch 34 pickering st
danvers, ma 01923
(978) 774-2055


contact us
 

 
 
 





		© danvers community ymca   |   all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  terms & conditionsnonprofit website by burlington press 


facebookinstagramx
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 


















































































 








login 











schedules 











register 














