





mcman's depression and bipolar web












toggle navigation
mcman



read

mood
behavior
treatment
recovery
science
issues
famous
stories
populations
relationships

watch

videos

follow

new heart, new start blog

connect

about mcman
book one
book two
expert series
contact


















mcman's depression and bipolar web





mcman's depression and bipolar web











 you've come to the right place
 







  

really a cycling illness
episodes get all the attention, but ...
 





   

normal - over-rated
normal may be safe, but is neither desirable nor ideal. 




   

lincoln's depressions
his unremitting despair and long string of failures steeled his character. 





   

the whole bipolar sex thing
why bipolars make the best lovers - and the worst.
 





   

smart meds practices
meds are a complement to your recovery, not the other way around.











 recovery starts with knowledge






 
i can't emphasize this enough.
my name is john mcmanamy. i am an award-winning mental health journalist and author. i have dedicated the last 19 years of my life to researching and writing onâ depressionâ andâ bipolar disorderâ for people like yourself - patients and loved ones. i know where you are coming from. i am also a patient, as well as a loved one.
here, you will find more than 150 articles, plus 26 videos, that will give you greater insight into your thoughts and feelings and behaviors and help you make your own choices in getting well and staying well. thanks for stopping by. jump in wherever you like ...
new!
hamilton - a hypomanic case study
he clearly had mania lite traits, but did he have bipolar?
two mind-boggling brain networks
do altered mind states and mental illness travel along the same brain circuits?
personal support
we can't do it alone. fortunately, we're not alone.
outliers like us
don't fit in? here's one explanation.
your gut and microbes
the wildlife inside our digestive tract influences our moods more than we imagined.
new!
check out my john mcmanamy author page.








hi, i'm john mcmanamy ...       










 not just up and down



 in search of our identity



 newsletter



 about me







 featured videos
bipolar stuff in the shack with john and maggie



 


 










 article categories
 
ten article categories covering all facets of depression and bipolar disorder. each category contains between 10 and 30 articles. click on any link below to get started. if you get lost or disoriented, use the navigation bar to return to this page. don't forget to bookmark this page.
 







mood
what we need to know about feeling bad, good, or too good for our own good - or stessed or anxious or not thinking right. the stuff your doctors tell you.








behavior
the things that are right and wrong with us, what holds us back and what makes us shine. introversion, creativity, exuberance, anger, love, lust, and much more.








treatment
smart meds strategies, talking therapies, ect, and supplements.








recovery
strategies for leading a disciplined life in order to achieve a satisfying life. mindfulness, diet, exercise, sleep, spirituality, yoga, meditation, and more.









science
we open up the hood to see what makes us tick and tock. genes, biology, environment, plus all your favorite neurons.








issues
there are things we need to change and things we need to accept. we need to be talking about all of them.









famous
all your favorites, from marilyn to van gogh to lincoln to beethoven to - uh - hitler.








stories
my own personal narrative of coping with life on a planet not of my choosing.







populations
how age, gender, income, family, work, and school impact our mental health.









relationships
mental illness poses serious challenges in our relationships. so does chronically normal.








 
 



 
 







 zen moments



 

 

 

"keep close to nature's heart ..." john muir.    above: lassen, sedona, and anza-borrego
          













 
 
 
 
copyright â© 2023 john mcmanamy. all rights reserved.




in loving memory
      kevin greim 1980-2008





 

 

about mcman . contact. newsletter. expert series. videos










