




my own meal® shelf stable meals | kosher certified meals



























































 















myownmeals, inc






 menu
skip to content
kosher

serving kosher meals
food service
demystifying kosher


products

meals in plastic pouches
meals in foil food pouches
meal kits
meal descriptions and ingredients


markets

institutions
feeding all ages, youth through seniors
emergency preparedness and relief
kosher travel meals


special diets
about

about us
marketing publicity history


order
contact
faq
 




my own meal® shelf stable meals	

				for anytime and everywhere home-cooking is not possible			













if you’re away from home or don’t have the time to cook, my own meal® glatt kosher shelf stable prepared meals are the perfect solution to provide great taste and excellent nutrition. packaged in modern 10 ounce (283 g) stand-up plastic pouches, enjoy the my own meal® directly from the pouch as-is or put the meal on a plate after warming.
my own meals creates each delicious kosher shelf stable prepared meal using only the highest quality, wholesome ingredients and care. sink your teeth into our succulent well-trimmed beef in our beef stew or tender chicken in our chicken & noodles. savor the robust italian flavors of our pasta with garden vegetables (pareve) or florentine lasagna (dairy). just a few of our many tasty meals!
my own meals ships directly to institutions, the us state department, governments, disaster relief agencies, distributors, retailers, and wherever healthy shelf stable kosher meals are needed.
our nutritional experts are available to assist with special menu plans and to offer useful solutions to meet religious meal needs.




mom™ shelf stable meals are fully cooked as-is, so they are quick and easy to prepare and serve. keep some in the pantry for whenever you need a quick nutritious meal and stock a supply in your emergency preparedness kit in the event of a natural disaster.
whether you’re exploring the great outdoors, prepping for an emergency, or just don’t have the time to prepare a meal, my own meal® shelf stable prepared meals provide the tasty nutrition to power you through the day.



my own meal® kosher certification
my own meal® shelf stable meals, meal kits, and mres are certified kosher and glatt kosher (meat). the prohibitions of chodosh are observed for grains. they are produced under the strictest orthodox rabbinical supervision of the organization of orthodox kashruth supervision, established in 1957 by rabbi aaron soloveichik, ztl, founding halachic authority, and currently under the leadership and supervision of rabbi moshe soloveichik.












 

 

search

search


 






						
						© myownmeals, inc |  sales@myownmeals.com







 


 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website





























































