







leighton agency













































        
          
            leighton agency
          
        
      










































sign in
my account




















              home
            

        search
      

            submit
          

            history
          

            meet our talent
          

            live moments
          

            faq
          

            contact
          












































sign in
my account








































homesearchsubmithistorymeet our talentlive momentsfaqcontact





                
                  
                    leighton agency
                  
                
              











scroll






 

welcome to arizona's top acting, commercial print modeling and voice over agency.

   














professional agenting with a personal touch for clients and talent alikewe take deep pride in our integrity and professionalism, high-quality talent, exceptional client service, and decades of experience.




    about
  






 

we rep adults, kids and even families.




    meet our talent
  

  














find talent easily with our search engine:search according to gender, ethnicity, hair and eye color, height, sizes, and even special skills. easily share your selections with your team!accessible only by industry professionals. to use, call ruth leighton direct at 480.704.8800 or email her at ruth@leightonagency.com.




    search
  






 

“integrity is everything in this industry and leighton agency has it! ruth always has my back and works hard to maintain relationships.” - dina t

   














our clients include:


















clients: contact us to view our full roster!























 



talent: submit here to join our family!








some of our past clients include . . . 








            national
          










whether for modeling or acting, leighton agency inc., has provided top talent for thousands of national campaigns including:adidas, american express, best western, blue diamond growers, the coca-cola company, espn, ford motor company, fox sports, gatorade, the harlem globetrotters, gmc, harley davidson, ibm, indian motorcycle, kentucky fried chicken, kmart corporation, mcdonalds, miller brewing company, montgomery wards, pepsico, petsmart inc., sears, toyota motor corporation, vf corporation (wranger jeans), vogue, walmart inc. and wells fargo & company








            regional
          










phoenix’s top modeling agency has worked regionally with:aps, arizona diamondbacks, arizona lottery, arizona biltmore, the arizona republic, blue cross blue shield of arizona, casino arizona, desert financial, del webb homes, first interstate bank, gila river casino, peter piper pizza, salt river project, st. joseph’s hospital, talking stick resort, total gym, tucson power and electric and shasta pools








            television & theatrical
          










the top modeling agency in arizona has worked on numerous television and theatrical projects:american anthem, america’s most wanted, an unfinished affair, barney’s colorful world live!, candidate kid, down will come baby, family plan, fire in the sky, goats, the grifters, hidden palms,highway to hell, ingenious, interstate 6: episodes of the road, jericho fever, jesse, jolene, kid, knight rider 2010, a long way home, manhunt, mafia marriage, man-eater, match point, middle men, a mother’s revenge, night of the kick fighters, not quite human, piranha 3d, raising arizona, rescue 911, rollers, shattered innocence, sis, a stranger to love, take me home tonight, terminal velocity, the truth about jane, unholy matrimony, unsolved mysteries, the vagrant, vanishing point and young rider’s series (for 8 years)








            about our founder
          










arizona’s top talent agent, ruth m. leighton is the founder and managing director of leighton agency inc., a top-rated talent agency based in scottsdale, arizona, serving local & national clients. in a career spanning more than four decades, ruth leighton has been providing top-tier actor representation and model representation. in these endeavors, her lifelong passion has been carefully guiding the careers of each actor, artist and model primarily from metropolitan phoenix, arizona as well as the wider arizona market. learn more.












welcome to leighton agency



new page



new page



search introduction



we take pride



we book talent



our talent sample



our client roster










leighton agency





leighton agency inc
10049 east dynamite boulevard d125,
scottsdale, az, 85262,
united states
480.704.8800
assistant@leightonagency.com


hours
mon 9am - 5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm
sat 9am - 5pm
sun 9am - 5pm




phoenix, arizona



homesearchsubmithistoryfaqcontact

























site photography and layout by finding you pictures









