




	st louis camera club
 















































































login









homeabout us

activities & historymembership

membership informationpayment of dues

meetingsclub calendar of eventsofficers, board, chairspast presidentssponsorsadvertising policycontact us

organization

volunteer organization

how the camera club worksroles and responsibilities

ethics statement - copyright policybylawspsa interclub

psa interclub infowhat is car?interclub awardsbest of best wins for cardigital resultsprint resultsprint galleries

past yearly results

annual award winnersspecial competition award winnerscurrent member high point totalsimage of the year history

previous years weekly resultsmember websites

competitions

competition informationhistorical image titlescompetition rules/etiquettespecial competitions

image of the year (ioy)essay competitions - long & shortrookies only

competition resultscompetition typesmember voting instructions

eventsresources

club meetings (notes/videos)workshopsdiscussion forumsdocuments and files to downloadpreparing images for competitioninfo for judgesgalleries

help

stl camera club / website faqhelp topicsknowledge baseprivacy policyrecent changessubmit a support requestsubscription informationusage agreementvideos

introductioncreating and managing your user accountconcepts and featuresgalleriesimage libraryimage sequencesuploading imagesmore videos...

visual pursuits services






                
                 
            





                this website uses javascript to display drop-down menus and to improve
                your website experience. javascript support is required to view some pages.
                click 
                
                    here
                
                to see how to enable javascript on your browser. 
            











  



join the club



calendar






 club calendar



facebook

 facebook page 


facebook after hours

 facebook after hours





 buy/sell



 

welcome to the st. louis camera club
 
competition links:

competition information
image submission
competition results

 
news and updates
2024 short essay competition results
judging for the short essay competition has completed and congratulations to everyone who submitted. special thanks to our judges, dick roman and kym birkenkamp.

1st place: the rodeo (joan baker)
2nd place: sorrow (donna parrone)
3rd place: vineyard visionaries (mary sue gee)
honorable mention: alone in hokkaido (yi pan)

the winning essays will be played at the holiday party,
 

2024 image of the year competition winners

congratulations to everyone who submitted images for this year's competitions. below are the first place winners from the 2024 image of the year competition. click here to view all the awards given for 2024 image of the year.





            after the rain - fred emch
            (color print)

            reading shakespear - cindy lynch
            (monochrome print)



            3 cheetahs and 1 annoying baboon - barbie steps
            (nature)

            foggy morning in yellowstone - valerie snyder
            (open digital)



            takedown at the women's open - paul smith
            (photojournalism)

            greenland at night - valerie snyder
            (travel)



 

competition scores now available (updated april 12, 2024)

the year to date and lifetime to date points pdf documents have been updated as of april 12, 2024. please visit the competitions page to check your scores. 
  
joining the camera club
joining the club is a two-part process. visit this page to begin. after registering for the site, you will be presented a paypal page to submit payment for your dues. you may also access this via the about us menu on the website's navigation.



please visit our sponsors

st louis camera club is supported by the following businesses and organizations:










jeff hirsch photography







frame destination







craig mccord photography















        member organization
    



            cascading style sheet (css) support is turned off on your browser.
            this is controlled by accessibility options on your browser and display properties.
            your viewing experience will be severely degraded without this support.
        








                        this website is hosted by 
				    visual pursuits,
                    a service provided by 
				    software pursuits, inc.











