













home | osu extension





























































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

osu extension
https://extension.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeaboutcommitteesvision, mission, valuesstate of osu extensiona brief history of extensionannual reportsextension professionals' creedosu extension is...osu extension priorities and program areaspolicy and procedures handbooki. administration policiesii. administrative and program resourcesiii. faculty and staffiv. financial and business practicesv. legal matters and risk managementvi promotion and tenurephoto gallerypeopleextension org chartextension leadership teamextension field specialistsfaculty and staff newspersonnel directoryconstitution & bylawscareers extension today (with nbc4)4-h animal projects: an option for any 4-h member4-h projects go to fair4-h provides life and leadership skills4-h youth development: building a legacy in ohioag in the classroomapples in ohiobugmobile: unique animals on the movebeating the winter blueschristmas treesclovers codecontainer gardeningcooking with apples and pumpkinscupboard cleanoutcurrent threats to ohio agriculturedimensions of wellnessfall lawn carefall plantingfarm science reviewfarm to schoolfood expiration datesfood waste newsfood and picnic safetygreenhouse productiongrilling burgersgrowing, cooking garlicgwynne conservation area at farm science reviewhealthy holiday appetizershealthy holiday sidesherb growing and usehighly pathogenic avian influenzaholiday financesholiday leftovershome hydroponicskale: an easy-to-grow and tasty vegetablelactose science: milk proteinlive healthy in 2022making maple syrupmaster your memorymosquitoesnuisance wildlifeohio military kidspoinsettia carepumpkin growingradishes: a unique veggieraised bed plantingsmoking meatsspring garden preparationspring lawn carestaying active indoorssummer veggies, fruitstai chi for beginnerstalking turkeyteaching children financestomato salsa, street corntomatoesosu extension learning and organizational developmentosu extension operationsosu extension strategic initiativescommitment to the customer experience: crm systemosu extension publishing reviewosu south centers reviewohio 4-h program reviewohio agriculture and natural resources (anr) program reviewohio community development (cd) program reviewohio family and consumer sciences (fcs) program reviewresourcescorn sweat and humidity: a few facts explainedextension task forcesveterinary extensionextensionlocate an officestate officescounty officesother officeseventscalendarpast eventsstate 4-h calendarstate anr calendarstate cd calendarstate fcs calendarcfaes calendarextension publishingabout usactivitycopyright informationerrata (corrections)for authorshow to view data on ohioline fact sheetscommercial pesticide applicator study guidesask an expertask an expertask a master gardener volunteer 







features








        our professionals are still updating and sharing drought-related information and resources for producers across the state.      

        read more      





      looking for a tool to aid in community development? our experts can provide regional economic data – and more – by way of implan reports.    



      there are health and safety risks to farm work every season of the year – winter is no exception.    





 
 
 









building better lives, better businesses and better communities since 1914.





farm crisis updates 2019 





search form

search 





 



spotlights




  
 4-h youth development  

  
 community development  

  
 ag and natural resources  

  
 family and consumer sciences  

  
 ask an expert  

 

 
 
 




home







 



 



cfaes news





      cfaes news    







 
how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising pricescolumbus, ohio — with egg prices soaring due to supply chain disruptions and avian flu impacts, many… 



 
enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online coursecolumbus, ohio – in a year marked by extreme weather events — including ohio’s historic drought… 



 
high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institutecolumbus, ohio — high school students passionate about solving global challenges are invited to participate… 



 
ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals  



 
ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3columbus, ohio — the u.s. food and drug administration’s recent decision to ban red no. 3 — a synthetic… 



 
strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement columbus, ohio – virgil strickler, who retired in february 2024 as the longest-serving general manager… 



 
program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manurecolumbus, ohio — the jan. 14 environmental professionals network (epn) breakfast program will offer… 



 
growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster… 






previous

pause

next





 






      cfaes news    




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 






 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181



osu extension operations
osu extension learning and organizational development
cfaes finance office
cfaes human resources
osu extension publishing
ohioline fact sheets
knowledge exchange
login
 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

facebook
youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










