











st. jude shrine - nationwide center of st. jude devotions




































































 








skip to content








nationwide center of st. jude devotions












guestbook




sign the guestbook 



































 
home guest book contact usabout nationwide center of st. jude devotions st. jude thaddeus the pallottine priests, brothers & sistersmissions mission & ministry news congo & rwanda mission congo rwanda photo gallery india mission india mission gallery mozambique mission mozambique gallery pallottine sisters in cameroon pallottine sisters in cameroon gallery peru mission philippines missionvisit father peter’s monthly message guest book tour the st. jude shrine shrine schedule directions and parking sacred art faith resources and links nearby attractions in baltimorewall of honor wall of honor request a wall of honordevotions prayers to st. jude petitions testimonials novena to st. jude novena schedule at a glance mass intentions spiritual enrollments light a vigil candle kids devotionssupport contributions league of st. jude wall of honor enrollment light a vigil candle planned givingevents calendargift shop cart








 







 

























st. jude shrine is located in the heart of baltimore, maryland, and has been operated and staffed by the pallottine fathers and brothers for over 100 years.  the archbishop of baltimore entrusted the shrine to the pallottines in 1917. regular novena services were established around the outset of world war ii, when devotion to st. jude  reached remarkable proportions. at first the novena services attracted only the local parishioners, but in a short time it became a city-wide center where people from all walks of life came to pray to st. jude.







upcoming masses, novenas, and services































light a candle to st. jude







votive candles
you may request a votive candle to be burned at the shrine for your special intention or in thanksgiving for a favor received through st. jude’s powerful intercession.  your votive light will be a symbol of your love for and devotion to st. jude and your intention to persevere in your prayers.










watch live online







view st. jude live!
welcome to the st. jude shrine live stream! join us every morning at 9 am est for the st. jude novena and blessing. then join us at noon est from monday to saturday for daily mass at st. jude shrine! we will have adoration most afternoons. on sunday, you can view mass at st. jude shrine at 9:30 am est and 11:30 am est.










give hope







contributions
consider giving to st. jude shrine. the kindness you share today will go far in helping meet our mission as pallottine priests, brothers, and sisters of bringing help and hope to god’s people around the world and right here at home in the united states.
 











































wall of honor
the reasons people visit st. jude shrine are as unique as each of the thousands of individuals who make pilgrimages here each year.  young and old, catholic and non-catholic, all walks of life come to the shrine to pray, reflect, and pay tribute.









visit the wall of honor online


					or				



order a plaque on the wall




















news from the pallottine missionaries at home and around the world











do you ever feel like giving up? 

							by			 
					fr. peter sticco				

			 | 			

			november 22, 2024			

dear friend of st. jude, do you ever feel like giving up? sometimes i do. some problems are ...
read more → 








in god we trust 

							by			 
					fr. peter sticco				

			 | 			

			august 19, 2024			

dear friend of st. jude, thank you for your continuing prayers and support as a member of our ...
read more → 








mary, the mother of god 

							by			 
					fr. peter sticco				

			 | 			

			july 24, 2024			

dear friend of st. jude, you are a cherished member of our circle of hope, acting as a ...
read more → 


































petitions
please send us your prayer requests.
petitions to st. jude are placed at his feet and offered up during our daily masses and perpetual novena services.







send your petition



































testimonials to st. jude












 

feeling miserable, sad, and troubled

please pray to st. jude when you are feeling miserable, sad, or troubled. i had been very stressed over some financial issues and was losing hope. i was feeling all…



 

employment for my children

i made a pilgrimage to the shrine to pray specifically for my children who were all struggling with employment issues. within one week, my oldest son was offered a new…



 

help with an anxiety disorder

thank you st. jude for always being there for me. recently i had been suffering from an anxiety disorder that at times paralyzed me. during my recent move, i came…



 

a new teaching position

st. jude, please pray for all teachers! i lost my teaching position at the end of last school year. i live in a very tight job market, and it is…



 

multiple cancer survivor

i am a triple cancer survivor, having had a tumor on my right kidney removed over 25 years ago, prostate cancer over 6 years ago, and a brush with skin…



 

a beautiful home to rent

i began a novena to st. jude to help my family find housing. we had to move out of our home quickly and were not finding any place to live.…



 

a rent miracle

thank you st. jude for your recent prayers. a heartwarming incident happened yesterday that could only be called a miracle. our landlord actually lowered our rent for the next six…



 

son needs a quick recovery

our son was in a terrible accident and had a severe traumatic brain injury which left him in a coma and in critical condition. he was in the hospital for…



 

money needed to save a home

thank you st. jude for your intercession on behalf of my daughter. she needed to pay her property taxes and was short about $1,500. if the taxes were not paid,…



 

new job and move to florida

my husband and i worked for a family for the past 10 years and lost our jobs in the wink of an eye. we were so devastated and felt so…



 

daughter was caught in a typhoon

my daughter was visiting a friend in japan when super typhoon neoguri passed over the island. it was rated a category 5. i quickly prayed to st. jude for her…



 

the woman i love

thank you st. jude for helping me with the woman i love. my marriage and life were in terrible despair. she sent me a st. jude medal and after saying…



 

rehab for my son

my son is a heroin addict. i have taken him four times in the last two weeks to try to get him into rehab. i started saying the prayer to…



 

with my family again

my wife and son have been in mexico for over 4 years since my son was 3 months old. i have gone through tough times without them. i recently started…



 

into the loving arms of jesus

my mom passed away peacefully on december 29th at 86 years old and having a special, lifelong devotion to st. jude. thank you, st. jude, for always being such a…



 

small business survival

i own a small business that has been doing poorly. two weeks ago i paid my bills and had $35.00 left in my checking account. i donated the money to this…



 

saving a home

thank you, st. jude, for your intercession on behalf of my daughter. she needed to pay her property taxes and was short about $1,500. if the taxes were not paid,…



 

tour of duty

dear st. jude, thank you so very much. a very close person to me was due to be sent to afghanistan on a tour of duty. in utter desperation i…



 

military orders

i prayed to st. jude to allow me to be with my family this month of november instead of being away due to military orders. because of miracles and wondrous…



 

the recovery process

i recently said my first st. jude novena. i was desperately frightened for my family because of some serious problems my husband was dealing with. he is a recovering alcoholic…



 

strength in trials

our daughter has been struggling with mental illness for several years. she has been in and out of short-term facilities with no change in her overall condition. she was finally…



 

anxiety disorder

thank you, st. jude for always being there for me. recently i had been suffering from an anxiety disorder that at times paralyzed me. during my recent move i came…



 

a usa career

i came from a foreign country. i always asked st. jude for intercession whenever i took my exams in college and he let me go through college like a breeze.…



 

the bar exam

i had just finished law school and taken the bar exam…i failed it twice. each failure was a devastating blow. my life, job, everything was on hold until i could…



 

accepted in law school

about 4 years ago i had applied to law school. there was one law school in particular that i wanted to attend, so i prayed the novena to st. jude.…



 

devotion to st. jude

thank you st. jude for enlightening the heart of the woman that i love. my marriage and life with the woman i love are in terrible despair. she sent me…



 

life partners

my adult children were having trouble finding life partners. they seemed lonely and sad. i prayed to st. jude every day that they might find someone to enjoy life with…



 

for my spouse

back in 2006 i was betrayed by a girl who cruelly disappeared on me. i was crushed and my mom said a prayer to st. jude for me to find…



 

transition to a new city

my wife and i recently relocated to raleigh, nc and i prayed the st. jude novena for 18 days asking to help us sell our house in this very bad economy…



 

teaching position

i lost my teaching position at the end of this school year. i live in a very tight job market and it is very difficult to find an elementary teaching…



 

unemployed no longer

after a year and a half of being unemployed, st. jude answered my prayers for my bruce to find a job. he not only got a job, he has worked…



 

new job, new home

my husband and i worked for a family for the past 10 years and lost our job with a wink of an eye. we were devastated and felt so much pain…



 

mother at 41 years old

i was unable to have children after many surgeries and a few doctors in various states, i gave birth in april 2004 at 41 years old to a beautiful baby…



 

adoption

thank you, st. jude, for making it possible for us to adopt our beautiful daughter, anastasia. you truly worked a miracle. her grateful parents.



 

our beautiful son

my wife and i prayed to st. jude with a novena back in 2011 after a few miscarriages to have another child. our prayers were more than answered with another…



 

grandson healed

our 14 year old grandson was at children’s hospital for 10 weeks. he had a staph infection that damaged his lungs and was attacking his brain. two ladies had come to…



 

lived through meningitis

when my daughter was one month old she was diagnosed with bacterial meningitis. when we left the hospital she was running a very high fever. we prayed with all of…



 

financial issues

i had been very stressed over some financial issues and was losing hope. i was feeling all these negative emotions when i started praying to st. jude. thank you st.…



 

my new job

i want to thank you so much st. jude for helping me get my new job. i prayed your novena and within two months you helped me obtain employment with…



 

now pregnant

thank you, st. jude, for interceding on my behalf. my husband and i found out today that i am pregnant after many years of trying. i will encourage devotion to…



 

drug habit gone

as a single mom i experienced difficulties with my teenage son, who was giving up with studies to drug habits. i prayed to st. jude and he touched our lives.…
























 














join the league of st. jude
members of the league receive spiritual enrollment cards and share remembrances in one hundred annual masses and in monthly, solemn and perpetual novena services at the shrine.
pray with us.







join










connect with us









twitter





facebook





instagram





email





youtube











prayers & petitions











 
novenas to st. judepray to st. judeshrine schedulelight a vigil candlemass intentions at st. jude shrinespiritual enrollments








nationwide center of st. jude devotions











 
enroll relatives, friends, or yourself in the league of st. juderequest a mass for your special intentionwall of honor enrollmentwhat your gift will do
















st. jude shrine | 308 n. paca street | baltimore, md 21201 copyright © 2022 pallottine center for apostolic causes, inc.









login









 

 



























