







b e e c o m i x




















































comix by jason little





books


about



navigation
books
about































































join my mailing list to learn about new comics projects:
* indicates required

email address  *







 











 











sweatbeekeeper cartoon amusements, 2024i drew this on a tear while at yaddo. contains no characters, backgrounds, or dialogue. what remains is…everything else. small black and white minicomic with color covers, laser printed, saddle-stitched. 22 pages, 6” x 3.75”.


































 









 











borbuncivilized books, 2015 (english),editions aaargh!, 2015 (french),glénat, 2019 (french)."borb uses the upbeat idiom of the daily comic strip to track the horrific downward spiral of a homeless man on the streets of new york [...] readers laugh at the hapless misadventures of this seemingly simple soul [...] at the same time we castigate ourselves for so callously responding to the indignities that plague him. [...] little's unassuming, daily chronicle of life on the street restores a fundamental measure of individuality and decency to this overlooked everyman."  —sean rogers, the globe and mail "every aspect is well executed, every risk pays off, and every new round of experimentation gets wonderful results. little demanded a lot of himself to put borb together, and the book in turn demands a lot of the reader, but there are rewards to be had on all sides, and a valuable, simple, important message about humanity at the heart of it all."  —matthew derman, popmatters













winner of a silver medal from society of illustrators in its 2016 comic and cartoon art annual exhibition.  excerpted in the best american nonrequired reading 2016, edited by rachel kushner.  borb at uncivilized booksborb en français a glénat buy in english at amazon.com acheter en français sur amazon.frexcerpt, 12 pages:


























































 















 











gimmick illustrated no. 1beekeeper cartoon amusements, 2011.in the kafkaesque “vlak”, mr. protach arrives in an unnamed eastern european city, loses his hat, buys another, and catches a train.out of print.excerpt, 9 pages:


















































 













 











motel art improvement service dark horse originals, december 2010 (english), akileos, july 2011 (french)eighteen-year-old bee has finally saved up enough to embark on her long-planned cross-country bicycle trip. however, she doesn't make it very far before disaster leaves her stranded at a motel. her hormones surge when she meets a misunderstood young artist on a mission to "upgrade" the banal artwork that hangs on the walls of every motel room. taking a job there as a housekeeper, bee snoops around in the motel's dirty laundry and finds herself entangled in a scary drug deal gone dangerously wrong. featuring gorgeous artwork balancing grit with cuteness, motel art improvement service explores crime, young love, and the purpose of art, in a story that's equal parts thrilling, funny, and sexy.  "[...] a terrific standalone hardcover that's rich enough to support a film adaptation [...] the whole book has a richly idiosyncratic feel that recalls a more playful, lively version of ghost world, but in rich color. this isn't serious high comic art to be placed on the shelf alongside maus, but it’s something equally good: a book that perfectly, skillfully accomplishes everything it sets out to do. […] grade: a”   —keith phipps, a.v. club nominated for an eisner award for best web comic.  motel art improvement service at dark horse originalsmotel art improvement service en français sur akileosbuy in english at amazon.comacheter en français sur amazon.frexcerpt, 10 pages:


















































 













 











shutterbug folliesdoubleday, october 2002 (english),  planeta deagostini, december 2005 (spanish)  akileos, january 2012 (french), "weirdness abounds in shutterbug follies—a giddy, splendid weirdness that makes the work a page-turner." —marc weidenbaum, the comics journal  "there are a few comic gems on the web. one is jason little's "bee", a "bubblegum noir" thriller about a curious girl who works at a one-hour film shop and gets tangled up in a murder mystery. the artwork is superb." —mark frauenfelder, playboy "...like a nancy drew mystery adapted by brian de palma...he's a great illustrator, and he tells a convoluted story with economy and flair..."  —nick hornby, the new york times "shutterbug follies, by jason little, is a cute hardcover about a plucky 18-year-old new york girl who works at a photo-processing lab. one day while checking out her customers' photos, she stumbles upon a suspected murder, and suddenly bee is transformed into an east-village-type harriet the spy. the story is a lot of fun, and i love the beautifully drawn n.y.c. scenes."  —laurie henzel, bust "little's first full-length graphic novel is a witty, lighter-than-air murder mystery with a hugely likeable young sleuth...the narrative flows gorgeously through quiet domestic moments, action scenes, and a hair-raising dream sequence." —publishers weekly winner of two ignatz awards, for best web comic, and best cartoonist. nominated for a harvey award, best graphic album of original material.shutterbug follies at doubledayshutterbug follies en français sur akileosbuy shutterbug follies in english at amazon.comcompre shutterbug follies en español en amazon.esacheter shutterbug follies en français sur amazon.frexcerpt, 12 pages:


























































 















 











jack’s luck runs outbeekeeper cartoon amusements, 1998.“well, it was an exercise that sort of took on a life of its own. the idea was to eliminate my stronger skills from the drawing equation, i.e., pretty faces, flashy perspectival drawing, and pretty color. then i could work on other skills, like pacing, body language, that sort of thing. so, i figured it would an exercise of just a few pages, but it turned into a whole comic book. and, i really regretted its length when i photocopied all those playing card faces. i spent nine straight hours hunched over a copy machine, gripping my scissors and my sizing wheel.”— from an interview conducted by marc bryant at popimage.comalso featuring “the abduction announcement”, a full-color eye-crossing 3d stereogram comic.recipient of the xeric grant, 1998nominated for a harvey award, best new talent, 1999.out of print.excerpt, 5 pages:






























 

















































© 2023 by jason little.










