






bdi – tools to face the psychological demands of diabetes







































































tools to face the psychological demands of diabetes


















toggle navigation






home
about us
resources
bdi products
research
scales and measures
video series
support bdi












read more




type 1 diabetes









read more




type 2 diabetes





 


read more




parents of children & teens





 


read more




spouses / partners





 


read more




health care professionals





 






behavioral diabetes institute


who we are










behavioral diabetes institute (bdi) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization located in san diego, california, focused on addressing the social, emotional, and psychological barriers to living a long and healthy life with diabetes. to better understand and overcome these obstacles, bdi is actively engaged in research examining the psychological aspects of diabetes and evaluating innovative behavioral interventions. in addition, bdi directly offers an array of unique, behaviorally-oriented products and services for: people with type 1 diabetes; people with type 2 diabetes; parents of children and teens with diabetes; spouses and partners of people with diabetes; and interested health care professionals. products and services include print materials; online courses and modules, face-to-face workshops and seminars, professional training programs, and an online library of resources.
we invite you to explore the resources available to you from bdi. we also welcome your suggestions for additional resources that might be added to our web site. thank you!




















research study




research opportunity for people with type 2 diabetes




we are continuing to recruit for bdi’s new study which is investigating an innovative diabetes education program. this opportunity might be right for you if you are ready to get on track with your diabetes, were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes less than 10 years ago, live anywhere in the u.s. and your last a1c was 7.0% or higher.
the study is examining how innovative new approaches to diabetes education might help to improve glucose outcomes and quality of life outcomes. participants will be randomly assigned to take part in one of two different live, online, group education programs. each group program will be lively and informative, and will meet once weekly
for 5 weeks in a row. also, half of the participants will receive a continuous glucose monitor and free testing supplies.
to find out more and see if you might qualify, click below to apply. or for more information, email us at ahhastudy@behavioraldiabetes.org or call us at 858-336-8693.

  pre-qualify here








research study




feeling “burned out” by type 1 diabetes? a new clinical trial may help!




the scripps whittier diabetes institute is conducting a research study called act1vate – specifically designed to support people living with type 1 diabetes.
participants will receive free tailored support resources and financial compensation. for more information, contact the study team: 858-678-7054 or diabetes.research@scrippshealth.org.

 









 









 






 upcoming events

 


february 12
bdi hosts the san diego-wide, monthly case consultation meeting (for mental health professionals working in the field of diabetes). contact us at info@behavioraldiabetes.org if you are in the greater san diego area and would like further information about this program.

  





february 19
dr. polonsky (bdi president) will be presenting (virtually) on “behavioral health management in diabetes care” for the bc-adm training program for primary care providers group.

  





february 20
for the aace (american association of clinical endocrinology)
endocrine university year 1, dr. polonsky will be facilitating one of the case discussion sessions, “diabetes distress and burnout”. https://pro.aace.com/events/endocrine-university

  





february 22
time for another t1d meet-up! our friend and colleague, kelly dawes, is organizing another fun social event for adults with type 1 diabetes here in southern california. this one will be at 1 pm at belching beaver brewery, 302 e broadway, vista, ca 92084. this event is free, but space is limited. please rsvp at www.grownupt1ds.org

 



 






 latest news
welcome to bdi’s february 2025 update!

 


new presentation from bdi staff
making the invisible visible in type 2 diabetes management. watch dr. polonsky and his colleague, dr. thomas grace, review recent research highlighting how continuous glucose monitoring positively affects the attitudes and behaviors of people with type 2 diabetes. https://www.aafp.org/about/sponsored-resources/dexcom-making-the-invisible-visible.html






 


new scientific publications
bdi staff served as co-authors on three new publications this month:

how might we tell if advances in diabetes care and technology are helping people to feel less constrained? introducing the diabetes constraints scale.
understanding the different stages of type 1 diabetes and their management: a plain language summary.
towards standardization of person-reported outcomes (pros) in pediatric diabetes research: a consensus report.


 


coming soon
stay tuned for bdi’s newly revamped website and new videos. also, we will continue to actively collaborate with our colleagues at scripps whittier diabetes institute and the university of california, san francisco on important diabetes projects, and we hope to launch several new research projects shortly. thanks for your interest and support!

 


previous presentations from bdi staff
addressing fears when starting insulin. this recent episode of the huddle (from adces) features dr. guzman (bdi director of clinical education) speaking on an important subject for healthcare professionals.
https://thehuddle.simplecast.com/episodes/addressing-fears-starting-insulin-susan-guzman

 


the emotional side of diabetes: time for a paradigm shift. watch the adces 2024 keynote address from dr. fisher (bdi research director). it is terrific!
https://vimeo.com/user144912402/download/1002056335/f79dc0e901






  






 













featured products: the bdi coffee mug and our most popular print bundles.


























bdi “well managed” mug

 $20.00add to cart 



















type 1 bundle

 $7.25add to cart 



















type 2 bundle

 $9.25add to cart 



















parents bundle

 $8.50add to cart 












give us your email and stay up to date with the behavioral diabetes newsletter.


sign up








mainabout
resources
research
scales and measures



resourcestype 1 diabetes
type 2 diabetes
parents of children & teens
spouses / partners
health care professionals



quicklinksmake a donation
blog
contact us
privacy policy
sitemap



contact us behavioral diabetes institute
5230 carroll canyon rd, suite #208
san diego, ca 92121

  1 858 336-8693
 info@behavioraldiabetes.org
contact











copyright © behavioral diabetes institute. all rights reserved.




 































