



open 7 days-t-shirts-airbrush-signs-wraps-logos-central florida




























 





we are a full service graphic design company located in orange city, available 7 days a week  since 1990 
we can handle all of your design needs from concept to design to completely branding your business. we do it all...design your logo and put it on everything... your vehicles, apparel, signage, even create your website. call 386-774-8337 or e-mail info@wavegypsy.com for a free consultation. 






 





learn more about the artist
custom screenprinting on t-shirts and other apparel.
       gary zuyus  has been  screenprinting in the central florida area since 1990. we specialize in  creation of custom logos and designs utilizing vibrant multi color printing on dark garments. all screenprinting and design work is done in house. you will be dealing directly with the artist that will be creating your design and printing your shirts.


















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.













we airbrush cars, trucks, bikes, airboats, airplanes, helmets, wall murals, custom guitars, surfboards, statues, or any object that paint will stick to.

simple cut vinyl vehicle graphics to full color wraps. we can iinstall at your location in the central florida area.






full color digitally printed signs and banners.we also install  on store fronts, lit monument signs,and can use see through perforated graphics on any doors or windows.



we can create your custom banner from your provided logo, or create a new design.

full color laminted digitally printed graphics, premium cut vinyl, or a combination of both.


custom motorcycle airbrushed graphics- detail is everything


many logos begin with an idea. this client had a name and knew he wanted his logo to be "fly fishing" inspired. i provide several versions to give the client options to go by. usually, 1 option is chosen and finallized, but sometimes more than 1 design is developed. as we produce many promotional items in house,we understand the neccessary size/format requirements for reproduction on any substrate. we havebeen creating unique custom logos in central florida since 1990.
see more examples...





promotional items like bottle coozies, mugs, decals, mousepads, and license plates are great ways to advertize





web design creative, attractive, functional web design.we take care of all graphics and content including video editing, logo creation,custom web graphics, photography/video on location .


about us logo creation vehicle graphics airbrush screenprinting promotional signs & banners decals t-shirts graphic art galley architectural rendering links contact


web design
zuyusartistry.com
x

 
-shirts



