home › citizens first bank 
 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  in observance of presidents’ day, our offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.  we will resume normal business hours on tuesday, february 18, 2025. close alertfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentcitizens first bank menulocationssearch closesearchsearch sitesecure loginfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentcitizens first bank closepersonal online bankingusername password forgot password/user idsign upbusiness e-bankingbusiness ebanking servicessign inmortgageexisting mortgage applicationsign in closeback

personal


deposit services


open an account

checking

american heroes checking

buffalo charity checking

savings

debit cards

schedule of fees



online services


mobile banking

online banking

credit score

mobile wallet

card control

bill pay

estatements

zelle®

digital journey demos



additional services


credit cards

deposit rates

financial calculators

contact us





business


deposit services


business checking

american heroes business checking

business savings

business debit cards



online services


business ebanking

business mobile banking

business bill pay

card control

business digital journey demos



additional services


merchant services

desktop deposit

business credit cards

electronic payment solutions

positive pay

financial calculators





lending


personal


golf car loans

consumer lending

home equity line of credit

student loans



business


commercial lending



mortgages


apply now

mortgage lending

types of mortgages

fannie mae homeready® mortgage



additional services


financial calculators





wealth


wealth management



resources


contact us

about us

news

fraud prevention

helpful videos

careers



 close
leave me blank for newsletter.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign me up! there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thanks for signing up!
we will be in touch soon. got itcitizens first bank st  your path to homeownership.
if you're dreaming of buying a home, a fannie mae homeready® mortgage1 can help.

1offer subject to credit approval.

click here to learn more   digital tools you love, from a name you trust.
our commitment to core values drives us to provide extraordinary customer service, convenient and welcoming branches, beneficial technology, and most importantly, lifelong relationships.
  


online account opening
are you looking to open a checking or savings account? online account opening makes it simple and safe!   

  

online banking
with online banking, you can have “anytime, anywhere” access to your accounts and more control over your transactions.  
  
mobile banking
no matter where you are or what time it is, manage your money from virtually anywhere with easy and convenient mobile banking.  
digital journey
ready to get more out of your digital journey? we'll show you how to use online and mobile banking features through short interactive demos. « swipe for more »   for business on the go 
cfb business the villages fl

you're constantly on the go, your bank should be too! the cfb business app allows you to do important banking tasks wherever you are. with the app, you can: 


check account balances
make transfers
access bill pay
deposit checks


learn more about cfb business    
start learning about your money today! 
my money 

the my money program, created by the florida department of financial services, is a comprehensive and inclusive financial literacy program and resource clearinghouse for individuals with developmental disabilities, their family members, and caregivers. 

visit my money 
     
join our team and grow with us!

we’re looking for creative and dedicated individuals who help strengthen our presence and make a positive impact on the communities we serve. at citizens first bank, we recruit and hire a diverse workforce that works as a team with one common goal: providing extreme customer service!

visit our careers page 
    stay in the loop

just like the people in our communities, we are always on the move! sign up for our email list to get the latest from us!
by providing us with your email address and signing up, you agree to receive email communications about our products and services, or other promotional emails from citizens first bank. you may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for information on our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our privacy notice. sign me up!back to the top 

privacy notice

online and mobile privacy policy

terms of use

usa patriot act

social community guidelines

careers

disclosures

©  citizens first bankcreated by bannocontact us:352-753-9515 • 800-707-1893



