






 

















palazzo di bocce





















toggle navigation








home







menu







events







bocce







contact








more


e-club
employment
gallery
gift cards
abc bocce
videos





















  learn more  








                    wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th -----
                    wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th -----
                    wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th -----
                    wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th -----
                    wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th -----
                




                        wednesday sng league canceled for february 12th
                    
bad weather conditions










our hours


sunday closed
monday closed
tuesday: 11am-10pm
wednesday: 11am-10pm
thursday: 11am-10pm
friday: 11am-11pm
saturday: 3pm-11pm


view holiday hours
                            



holiday hours:


                                        superbowl sunday (closed)
                                    

                                        valentine's day (reservations available beginning february 7th)
                                    

                                        easter (closed)
                                    

                                        mother's day (special hours)
                                    

                                        memorial weekend (sunday & monday closed)
                                    

                                        father's day (closed)
                                    

                                        fourth of july (closed)
                                    

                                        labor day weekend (limited hours)
                                    

                                        halloween (open)
                                    

                                        thanksgiving day (closed)
                                    

                                        christmas eve & christmas day (closed)
                                    

                                        new year's eve & new year's day (closed)
                                    





reservations

reservations are highly recommended especially on friday and saturday evenings.
dining and bocce reservations may be made up to one week in advance and are available for
                                groups of up to 12 people.
groups larger than 12 people or further than
                                one week away, should refer to our
                                 events
                                    page
                                
                                for selections and offerings. if after reviewing our events page should you have any
                                questions or are interested in making a reservation with our event planner please
                                contact us at 248-371-9987 ext. 12.
                            
248-371-9987 to reserve
                            







honoring culture and
                    family
                









world renowned
palazzo di bocce combines an upscale atmosphere, fine italian food, and
                                    the casual, social aspect of bocce to provide a truly unique,
                                    reasonably priced sports-entertainment venue.
ideal for holding corporate and convention events, social gatherings,
                                    league play, and tourist entertainment. no size event is too big for palazzo!
bocce play appeals equally to the young "up and coming" professional, a
                                    group of friends/family, or an older person of leisure. bocce can be played
                                    year-round, and the attendance is not limited to experienced players. anyone can
                                    play! the ten bocce courts are finished in the finest synthetic court surface in the
                                    world. even though it is a corporate sized facility, palazzo di bocce is family
                                    owned and operated with personalized service of endless possibilities!
























being in italy?
with its’ italian flair exterior, the approaching guests get the feeling
                                    of, "being in italy," before they even enter the facility. upon entering, guests are
                                    struck with awe by both the sheer vastness of the structure as well as the attention
                                    given to even the smallest details. at 32,000 square feet, the interior space
                                    simulates an italian palace (a palazzo). there is also an event room for use by
                                    groups and parties! it contains separate bocce courts, its own bar and restroom
                                    areas, and special zoned sound system with microphone and audio capabilities to meet
                                    the needs of corporate and social meetings, events, and fund-raisers, and many more!
                                    the limitations of palazzo are endless!
                                






















a special thanks
tony and marcia battaglia's interest in bocce started with friends after
                            work on job sites. the thrill continued playing in backyards and clubs around the state. as
                            time advanced tony become a ranked player winning a gold medal in the us championships.
                            then being a senior player and retiring from his construction firm opened possibilities.
                            with a limited summer season, he was inspired to make an indoor bocce court design with his
                            construction talents along with his many bocce friends fed his inspiration to the ultimate
                            palazzo di bocce.
                        








palazzo di bocce • 4291 lapeer road • lake orion, mi • 48359
            • phone: 
            
(248) 371-9987

             • fax: 
            
(248) 371-9986


































                © 2004 - 2025 palazzo di bocce, inc.
            





food

dining menu
event & party menu
order
                            delivery



bocce

bocce info
bocce for groups
bocce leagues

bocce links
abc bocce open



company

homepage
contact us
directions
donations
job openings



more

e-club
gift cards
photo gallery
videos
privacy statement
terms of service





 


















