
































london conference & meeting venues in the uk

 











find the best  venues in london
+44 (0)1202 897508


















    
 selected conference & meeting venues in london 















home
 select a venue

the chelsea harbour
hilton metropole
langham hotel london
leeds castle
marriott london heathrow
marriott grosvenor square
mercure windsor castle
park plaza westminster
shangri-la hotel, the shard sofitel heathrow
sofitel st james
the waldorf hilton
tottenham hotspur stadium


contact us







  hold your conference in london
		              one of the uk's finest locations! 
 hold your conference in london
		              one of the uk's finest locations! 
 












london conference and meeting venues

london conferencing offers a wide variety of conference hotels for conferences, exhibitions, product launches, training seminars, team building and corporate meetings venues, set in the beautiful european city of london, in england. 
all of the locations have excellent access by road, rail and air, with a wealth of accommodation. most of these meeting venues have accommodation, shops, restaurants and tourist attractions within easy walking distance of each other.
london is one of the world’s most exciting cities, offering something to every type of traveller. this vibrant city embraces the diverse cultures of its population, reflected through its cuisine, shops, music and colourful festivals. with five international airports, an efficient road network and extensive underground, train, bus, and taxi services london is a very accessible city. the city is famous for its history and culture. it is home to britain’s national art collections, the royal family and a host of major attractions. with its rich history, striking architecture and over 200 museums london offers a unique cultural experience. 










london conferencing
						  is provided by
						  conference desk




 








old billingsgate
in the core of the city on the north bank of the river thames, stands a memorable historic building that is a wonderful part of london’s heritage...more



the chelsea harbour hotel
the chelsea harbour hotel is the only five star, all-suite hotel in london and is tucked away in the exclusive area of chelsea harbour...more



hilton metropole
the 4-star hilton london metropole is one of europe's largest hotel and conference centres, with the space...more



langham hotel london
langham hotel london is an excellent choice for deluxe quality, downtown london accommodation for your conferences...more








leeds castle
set on a moated island, leeds castle provides one of the most unique venues for residential & day conferences, meetings...more



london heathrow marriott hotel
london heathrow marriott hotel, where well-designed guest rooms are complemented by intuitive service and comfortable amenities...more



london marriott grosvenor square
the prestigious address, historic ambience and discreetly attentive service make the london marriott hotel grosvenor square...more



mercure windsor castle hotel
the mercure windsor castle hotels 11 conference suites and syndicate rooms of varying sizes offer superb surroundings..more









park plaza westminster bridge
ideally located in the heart of london, park plaza westminster bridge offers the ideal location to host meetings...more



shangri-la hotel, the shard
enhance your occasion with the most dramatic views of any london event space. at shangri-la hotel, at the shard, london...more



sofitel london heathrow
swoop into sofitel london heathrow an award-winning heathrow airport hotel that combines luxurious comfort with a convenient location...more



sofitel st james
sofitel st james london is a beautiful 5 star hotel between buckingham palace and trafalgar square, 2 minutes walk from piccadilly...more







tottenham hotspur stadium
the acclaimed tottenham hotspur stadium has redefined global stadium design, delivering unparalleled experiences across various events...more



the waldorf hilton
the waldorf hilton enjoys one of london's most enviable locations as it bridges the west end and the square mile...more

















© copyright, 2014-21 conference desk. all rights reserved. | other conference destinations from conference desk
website by seemore graphics








