






old island restoration foundation – old island restoration foundation

























































 















old island restoration foundation







 
 














menu

 


home
our eventsopen menu

our events
home tours
garden rentals
photo gallery of our new gardens
home tours q & a


our storyopen menu

our story
house & history

francis watlington
emeline johnson watlington
cookhouse￼




governance
joinopen menu

join
volunteer


donateopen menu

donate


online museum shop













 











menu

 


menu

















 












menu




































 






















































visit the oldest house today! 



 the oldest house museum and garden is supported and operated by the nonprofit old island restoration foundation founded in 1960 providing for the preservation, celebration and promotion of key west’s unique architecture, culture and history.
learn more » 











upcoming events 



 






order tickets for home tours here







  



home tours
jan 24 & 25, 2025
feb 14 & 15, 2025
march 14 & 15, 2025
  






order home tours here










volunteer for home tours here







 
  



 
conch blowing contest   
march 8, 2025
blow like a conch!  local “celebrity” judges, painting coconuts & more.  who will win? 






sign-up to compete coming in january 2025







 
















february key west tours
new locations added! look behind closed doors at:


417 simonton st.
615 elizabeth st.
901 elizabeth st.
818 carsten lane
1510 patricia st.
322 duval street (oldest house museum) 


 
join us for a unique view into architectural treasures and cultural gems. 

voluneers   tickets   








order  home tour tickets here










volunteer for home tours here







the old island restoration foundation is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that was founded on may 23, 1960. thanks to the vision of women like joan thompson knight, our founding president, the organization was successful in saving key west’s historic district and ultimately influencing policies and laws codified in the historic architectural review committee. old island has been responsible for the maintenance of the oldest house museum since 1974.  the house dates to 1829, and is the foundation’s current headquarters.  it belongs to the state of florida.  the house is a testament to resilience, having weathered fires, hurricanes, economic hardships. it serves as a living chronicle of key west’s rich history and the enduring spirit of its people from the earliest days to the present. 






membership










donate































all postbecome a memberbecome a member and be a part of key west historybecome a member and be a part of key west historyjoinbecome a member and be a part of key west history 







all postdonatehelp us with our mission of historic preservationhelp us with our mission of historic preservation!donate 











upcoming events and current promotions
our events
read more 











 
view events
























oldest house – cussans vernacular  



bahamian style construction 







the builder of the oldest house was richard cussans, who immigrated to the island of key west in about 1826 from the bahamas. he was in his mid-twenties when he built the house.  


















learn more







































mariner, pilot, sea captain 



francis watlington  



 







francis watlington (1804-1887) mariner, pilot, sea captain. born in st. croix, v.i., he moved to key west in the early 1830s with his young wife emeline.  











cookhouses were very common in the 1700 and 1800s. 



cookhouse 







cookhouses were very common in the 1700 and 1800s.  kitchens were separate from the main house for many reasons, but the most important issue was fire.   


















learn more







































born in new york city 



emeline johnson watlington 



 







emeline johnson watlington, born in new york city, came to key west as the sixteen year old bride of francis.  she gave birth to nine daughters, sailing back to new york city and family for two births. 


















learn more


































 







 







 







mapping address 



322 duval streetkey west, fl 33040 



general information 



(305) 294-9501 



info@oirf.org 







helpful links 



 
contact us
about us
terms & conditions
untitled
 
humberger toggle menu
 













 


facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 














oirf.org 




site support, hosted and built by paradise technologies, inc. of key west. 







 






 



×
table of contents




table of contents
 



























































































