






4-h ontario offers programming for youth 6 to 21 - learn to do by doing































































jump to content




 



register
volunteer
donate
login
 

print

a+
a-





about 4-htoggle

what is 4-h?toggle

4-h leadership development pillarstoggle
the history of 4-htoggle


ontario 4-h counciltoggle

annual general meetingtoggle
annual reportstoggle


the ontario 4-h foundationtoggle

golf in support of 4-htoggle


policiestoggle
frequently asked questionstoggle
news & updatestoggle

shared storiestoggle
volunteerstoggle
newstoggle
blogtoggle
e-newslettertoggle
4-h 4-u: 4-h ontario podcasttoggle


reports & analyticstoggle
our teamtoggle
leadership in action magazinetoggle
youth safety reporting system for 4-h in canadatoggle
accreditationtoggle
alumnitoggle

eventstoggle
share your storytoggle
registertoggle


4-h canada storetoggle


youthtoggle

4-h youth participant registration 2025toggle
4-h youth eventstoggle

4-h campstoggle
4-h conferencestoggle
4-h competitions & conteststoggle


club projectstoggle

available 4-h projectstoggle
club resourcestoggle
project resource manualstoggle


scholarships, grants, and awardstoggle

4-h ontario scholarshipstoggle
4-h awardstoggle


exchangestoggle
share your storytoggle
cloverbudstoggle
youth positionstoggle
information for parentstoggle
online programmingtoggle
livestocktoggle
youth formstoggle

livestock formstoggle
media releasetoggle
travel subsidy expense formtoggle
youth safety reporting system for 4-h in canadatoggle




volunteerstoggle

log into lmstoggle
new volunteer applicationtoggle
4-h volunteer participation formtoggle
volunteer training & developmenttoggle

4-h ontario volunteer conferencetoggle
volunteer e-symposiumstoggle


become a volunteertoggle

orientation and screeningtoggle
new volunteer orientationtoggle


volunteer awardstoggle
volunteer positionstoggle

association rolestoggle
4-h ontario grantstoggle


share your memoriestoggle
4-h canada storetoggle
volunteer resourcestoggle

add a projecttoggle
association resourcestoggle
bookingstoggle
checkliststoggle
fundraisingtoggle
media and promotionstoggle
project resource manualstoggle
volunteer formstoggle
farm & food care ontario virtual tourstoggle




4-h associationstoggle
supporterstoggle

why givetoggle
ways to givetoggle
4-h ontario partnerstoggle
make a donationtoggle


contacttoggle
 



menu





search for:



submit search


 

search







4-h ontario



 



 

 

 







2025 registration is open!
come join the fun! first, complete the 2025 annual registration form and get ready for all 4-h ontario has to offer!

											register for 2025										


previous
next








join us at the 2025 volunteer conference
calling all volunteers! you are invited to join us march 21-22 in richmond hill for volunteer learning, networking and more.

											register 										


previous
next








learn about an available project or club near you
is there a certain project or club you’re looking for? explore all the available 4-h projects in our project library! 

											learn more										


previous
next








volunteer for provincial camp!
have you ever wanted to volunteer with 4-h at the provincial level? did you love attending 4-h camp and have a passion for helping youth realize their full potential? we are looking for you! filling out this form is not a commitment to attend these events, but to join our list of volunteers interested in attending these opportunities as a facilitator.

											check it out!										


previous
next








4-h volunteer participation form
come volunteer for 4-h ontario and help enrich the lives of youth, and enrich your life as well through learning opportunities, mentorships and experience! 

											learn more										


previous
next








request a 4-h ontario ambassador
looking for an energetic and professional 4-h youth participant to support your upcoming event? or maybe a youth perspective on the value of the 4-h program? complete a request for a 4-h ontario ambassador! our team is ready!

											request an ambassador										


previous
next










i am…
select designation

choose what best describes you…
interested in 4-h
a participant
a parent
a volunteer

go







2024 statistics



0
youth



0
volunteers



0
associations












february 14, 2025
celebrating black history month with 4-h ontario: a time to learn, share, and grow together 
february is black history month, a time to honour and amplify the voices of black canadians while celebrating their many achievements and contributions. the efforts of black canadians and their communities throughout history have greatly enriched canada’s cultural diversity, compassion,…


blog







january 10, 2025
meet josie mcnab, recent 4-h graduate and neuroscience student
amid preparing for your 4-h project achievement, it’s easy to reflect on the hard skills you learned through your recent experience; maybe you learned how to clip a calf, cook a new recipe or master a technique in needlepoint. however,…


blog







january 9, 2025
meet lindsey middleton, 4-h alumni and actor/producer/writer
lindsey middleton is an actor who grew up in fort erie where she spent five years participating in the bertie 4-h dairy club. she recalls warm fall days spent alongside her peers and their calves competing at the local fair…


blog







see all news


4-h ontario recognizes that we live, learn and work on the traditional, ancestral and unceded territory of many indigenous nations and communities that have, and continue to call ontario home. our main office in guelph/eramosa, on is located on the ancestral land and territory of the anishinabewaki, haudenosaunee, attiwonderonk, mississauga and the mississaugas of the credit first nation. this territory is also covered by the haldimand treaty of 1784 and treaty 3 of 1972. we recognize and commit to the work that follows this acknowledgement to ensure reconciliation and a bright future for indigenous peoples and youth. we encourage all residents and visitors of ontario to learn about the land you walk on, and do your part in supporting and preserving indigenous traditions, cultures, languages, ways of knowing (knowledge) and spirituality. 


our sponsors




































































4h.ontario
4-h ontario helps youth ages 6-21 become leaders within their communities and positive contributors to the world.
🍀 head | heart | hands | health 🍀








save the date for the national members forum! 📅






just popping in to remind you that our shiny new l
 





kayla here! catch up with me as a 4-h ontario amba


 





hey foodies! 🍽️ today, let's celebrate the in


 





join the 2024 amber underwood memorial writing com






in case you missed it! ⁠
⁠
a big thank you to 






hey everyone! just a heads-up that our office will






applications for the first nations agriculture & f






check it out senior 4-h'ers! the national members 






sneak peek reminder: we're going live on facebook 






the central canada exhibition legacy scholarship a






looking for something creative and fun for your yo



 


load more






 follow on instagram





















 
logo used under license;
registered trademark of canadian 4-h council




connect with us

phone:
1.877.410.6748


email:
4-h ontario

charitable registration numbers:
council – 13588 7727 rr0001
foundation – 88888 0226 rr0001



 



 

 

 



links
donate
volunteers
careers
inclusion statement
webmaster login
 

stay in touch

first name


email *




leave this field empty if you're human:  
 




© 2025 4-h ontario. powered by sandbox software.

learn to do by doing

report a problem



×

report a page
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.page of issue *description *captcha * 




=

 



submit 





























