



native pride travel plaza – native pride travel plaza




















 
 














 



native pride travel plaza in irving ny home of native pride serving wny for over 25 years! 













 




							regular $2.74						


						price subject to change					











 




							premium $3.54						


						price subject to change					











 




							diesel $3.59						


						price subject to change					

















new hi-visibility gear with your favorite team logo! 

























 



1 winner every friday through the month of november. get an entry when you fill up at the pump (gas island only) or with any in-store purchase. 















now serving hunt brothers pizza! 







 















native pride upgrades 



we have added diesel fuel to the 2 outside pumps of our gas island and addednon-ethanol fuel to the remaining inside pumps. we have also added blacktop tothe truck entrance area for more space for trucks to pull in and out safely.nya:weh (thank you) 





























 







humidor deals​ 



							huge selection with great prices! enjoy a relaxing smoke in our cigar lounge.						













 








clean showers, a laundry center and a hot meal all in one place 



							“put a little pride in your ride,” before you go and fill up your tank using our high-speed pumps with the best price fuel for miles! try quick and delicious grab’n’go foods or a hot, hunk of pizza from hunt brother’s pizza.						



 



weigh your truck with ease at our cat scale! fast & accurate.  











our latest news 
















march 4, 2023
cpr class at native pride on tallchief territory, we are...
cpr class






february 9, 2022
native pride’s coronavirus (covid-19) response american heart month & the...
american heart month and the jc seneca foundation



 


load more

























contact us 






 
toll free: 1 (800) 619-8618



 
store: (716) 934-5130



 
11359 southwestern blvd irving, ny 14081 exit 58 - from nys thruway i-90.















our family 






































manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








