






curacao vacations - hotels, car rentals and more





















your curacao travel guide since 1999


toggle navigation



information






 about curaçao

 general information
 where is curaçao?
 weather, forecasts & climate
 language
 history
 culture
 flora & fauna
 churches & religions
 medical facilities and health tips
 economy & government



 travel information

 corona / covid-19 travel info
 general information
 entry requirements
 customs regulations
 currency - exchange rates
 international airport
 airfare
 arrivals at the airport
 departures at the airport
 map of curaçao




lions dive & beach resort

click here for more info 








vacations & stay






 vacations

  book your curacao vacation
  family vacations
  weddings - getting married
  specials and last minutes


 airfare


  airfare & airlines
  travelocity
  expedia



 accommodations

  hotels & resorts
  all inclusive resorts
  apartments
  vacation rentals & villas


area


  mambo beach
  spanish water
  jan thiel






klein curacao day trips

click here for more info 






transportation

  general information
  car rentals
  online road map
  traffic rules



discover curaçao





 discover & experience curaçao


  discover curacao
  activities
  events
  sights & attractions
  beaches




  casinos
  nightlife
  restaurants
  shopping
  tours & day trips













other

 webcams
 360 virtual tour
 contact

 aruba

aruba travel guide
restaurants aruba
aruba webcams
aruba vakantie gids (dutch)



 bonaire

bonaire travel guide






nl












corona / covid-19travel information curacao


  scuba lodge boutique hotel  villa kas na nort  budget rent a car  penthouse curacao
  lions dive & beach resort


  activities
  scuba diving
  car rentals
  all inclusive
  sights





home








curaçao


 share


  share





curacao is a long, arid, and generally flat island, stretching some 40 miles (64 km) from southeast to northwest, at much the same north-south angles as it's sister islands in the abc group
             (aruba to the west and bonaire to the east). the island is about 10 miles (16 km) at it's widest point, and the area is about 180 square miles (472 square km), making it the largest island
              of the dutch caribbean islands.
curacao is the place for a caribbean vacation! on our website you can find anything so you can create your own vacation packages! find here the information about hotels,
              vacation rentals, apartments, villas, the best beaches and a lot more!
curaçao is perfect for:

 a great beach vacation  active vacation a diving vacation or honeymoon




day trip klein curaçao

lions dive & beach resort

scuba lodge oceanfront hotel

dive center pietermaai







 






hotels & resorts

view hotels & resorts 



look for the resort or hotel of your liking, get a good insight in what they have on offer and place your reservation directly with the hotels, or through our partners of expedia
    or booking.com. also we have apartments and vacation rentals / villas listed on our website.





day tours & activities

day tours & activities 



you can arrange a number of excursions and activities on your own. your choices are as varied as curacao itself. you can do a lot of water sports of course like windsurfing, kite surfing, scuba diving,
    snorkeling, water jets and deep sea fishing. a day trip to 'klein curacao' with the 'mermaid boat trips' is one
    of the recommended day trips you can do while on vacationing in curacao.





sights & attractions

sights & attractions 



the island has many sights and attractions, we selected the finest for you. it all starts near the airport: "hato caves", the caves, gouged out of limestone cliffs ages ago as
       the island emerged from the sea, are still forming, albeit by one drop at a time. you will see water dripping from the walls and massive stalactites that hang from the ceiling.







 




when to vist curacao? best time?
is one of the most frequently asked questions we get. well, there is no bad time to visit curacao! - all year round good weather. travelers can choose to visit in high or low tourist season:
           mid-december through march are the most popular vacation months (high season) for the north americans.
cheap vacation time
prices drop significantly from end-april through end-june and end-september till mid-december (low season).
international airport hato
curacao's modern international airport (also called 'hato') can accommodate commercial jet aircrafts as large as the boeing 747.
           the island is served by a number of airlines, and connections can be made to any part of the world.
curacao airfare
our 'airfare page' will inform you from which cities you can fly to curacao directly and lets you navigate to the airline companies
           websites.

transfers, getting around
we get a lot of questions regarding transportation possibilities on curacao. "should we rent a car?", or "is public transport on curacao safe and reliable?",
           "are taxis easy to take and are they expensive?", please check our "getting around - transportation" webpage.
the best beaches
curacao's beaches are its best-kept secret. the best beaches are not the long, expansive patches of sand found in other islands, but rather
            smaller, more intimate beaches found in secluded inlets, called "bocas" in papiamenzuidkust.
the perfect suba dive destination
curacao was born millions of years ago, developing under the sea from lava rock on which coral has grown for centuries. for millions of years reefs have surrounded the island, attaching to the shore like a
            narrow fringe. in some places they are like beautiful gardens, with delicate corals and are home to brightly coloured tropical fish. in others, massive coral formations extend into depths with deep-water
            fish patrolling the plunging walls. it is no wonder that diving is one of the most popular sports on curacao!





© copyright 1999-2025
curacao travel & vacation guide / wwtg,
all rights reserved

 terms of use
privacy
disclaimer










