


westlake - daly city apartments & townhomes for rent


open accessibility controls (you can also use "shift+control+?")jump to site navigationjump to contentjump to footerreturn to pageskip to main contentskip the screen reader nav.homepageavailabilityamenitiesresidencesjunipersouth palmforest groveplaza westnorth glengallerieslocationcontactshop & dineblogview availabilitylease nowexplore residencesinfocalldirectionsguided tourgalleryup to 1 month free! tour today!  resident loginschedule tourlease nowup to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!    •  up to 1 month free! tour today!  get directions call 8339123318availabilityview availabilitylease nowexplore residencescontactinfocalldirectionstourguided tourgallerytesttesttestget directions call 8339123318schedule tourlease nowhomeavailabilityamenitiesresidencesresidencesoverviewjunipersouth palmforest groveplaza westnorth glengallerieslocationcontactshop & dineblogresident loginoverviewtransportationschoolsshoppingeat and drinklifestylecommunityattractionsconvenient & connectedwestlake village is a vibrant daly city residential community nestled along the coast right next to san francisco.connect331 park plaza drdaly city, ca 94015(833) 912-3318get directionsschedule a tourup to 1 month free! tour today!  floorplansmodern residences in daly city, calive. thrive. dream.home to the original suburban dream, westlake apartments has residences for every phase of life. here you’ll find the best of both worlds: a tight-knit, connected community that’s near the pacific ocean and a stone’s throw from san francisco. it’s a highly desirable location in daly city just beyond the city lights, but still in reach of it all.view residencesconnect331 park plaza drdaly city, ca 94015(833) 912-3318contact uslife without compromiseunmatched, value-driven living, all in an iconic neighborhood. discover a dynamic community where city gleam meets suburban charm. view residencescommunity with a twistdiscover westlake’s five unique neighborhoods. each neighborhood is a warm, vibrant community with a heartbeat of its own. no matter your priorities, we’ve got just the place to mirror your lifestyle. choose residencejuniperdiverse layouts with balconies, storage, and easy access to transit for life on the go. learn moresee floorplans for the juniper neighborhoodsouth palmspacious apartments overlooking palm trees and courtyards near schools and universities. learn moresee floorplans for the south palm neighborhoodforest grovecottages and townhomes blend space, comfort, and convenient access to food and retail. learn moresee floorplans for the forest grove neighborhoodplaza westlarge, centrally located townhomes deliver unrivaled walkability for everyday exploration. learn moresee floorplans for the plaza west neighborhoodnorth glenan enclave of multi-level residences with mid-century ambiance offers peace and quiet. learn moresee floorplans for the north glen neighborhooda west coast iconsteeped in history, westlake (formerly known as westlake village) was one of the first post-war suburbs in the country and the original manifestation of the american dream. westlake brims with opportunity and distinctive, mid-century style, just as it did in the past. a storied legacy lives on with unrivaled accessibility, tight-knit community, and an overall inviting vibe.neighborhoods5unitsstudio–3brsquare feet450–1,313floorplanseasy livingeveryday life is defined by easy access to what you need to thrive, with bart, shopping, entertainment, and recreation all just steps away.locationunparalleled convenienceeverything you need, all within reach. nestled next to the iconic westlake shopping center, westlake apartments is surrounded by everyday conveniences, restaurants, and entertainment. from trader joe’s to home depot and walgreens, the essentials are just a short walk away. explore neighborhoodlet's go greenthis guide is full of useful tips to save energy, conserve water, reduce waste, improve your surroundings and reduce your impact on nature.green living guideup to 1 month free!  tour today!  availabilityclose promoconnect with usready to learn more about life at westlake? get in touch with one of our leasing professionals to schedule an apartment tour and apply.contactconnect331 park plaza drdaly city, ca 94015(833) 912-3318get directionsblogterms of use(link opens in new window)dmcaaccessibilityprivacy policysitemapcookies settings© all rights reserved 2025 westlake apartments.greystar california, inc. dba greystar corp. license no. 1525765 broker: gerard s. donohue license no. 01265072