







lake in the forest black bear resort - ocala fl rv park - ocala fl cabin rentals - tent rentals - ocala national forest camping - family vacation - camp





































lakeintheforestresort@gmail.com 











 book now
 
 call us with questions 
352-625-6275 












 toggle navigation    




home
lodging

rv rates
standard cabin
accessible cabin
mini cabin
rental camper
lake house
off-site housing


holiday/family camp
seasonal/snobird
rules/contact
















 liesurely days at the lake
mastering the art
                of the perfect cast
book now! 


 



 all the comforts of home
in cozy cabins
                for the whole family
book now! 


 



 simply enjoying the view
time to relax and
                unwind in nature
book now! 



 







 welcome to
lake in the forest resort


 lake in the forest black bear 
			  resort is one of "florida's best kept secrets". this beautiful, 
			  family-run campground is located on half moon lake, nestled in the 
			  middle of the ocala national forest. if you are looking to get 
			  away and enjoy nature and the outdoors in a peaceful, 
			  family-friendly atmosphere, lake in the forest is the place for 
			  you! our amenities 















what we offer
 we offer 50/30 full hook-up rv sites, cabin rentals, heated 
			  swimming pool, large recreation center, laundry facilities, 
			  fishing on the lake and more.arts and crafts 
			  - may 1st-november 1st - call in advance to see if crafts are 
			  scheduled.our family's primary goal 
			  is to provide you and your family an unforgettable, peaceful and 
			  affordable camping experience by combining the natural beauty of 
			  our surroundings with quality amenities and attentive customer 
			  service unparalleled in the area. we look forward to seeing you 
			  soon!!! 






































 online reviews by
our campers






darren doran 5 stars! 
 my wife and i spent the weekend here and had a great time! quiet and relaxing time, mostly snowbirds but they were extremely nice, cant say that enough. the owner deb was very helpful, she left us on the honor system, just do it and pay when your done. what a nice pool, so warm.  






toni sanchez 5 stars! 
 what a gem! don't know how we found this place but so glad we did! a new favorite and hope to be back next year. so much to do for the kids and just so relaxing for us. deb was so welcoming and everyone was really friendly. thank you for the wonderful memories we made!  






jim leeson 5 stars! 
 lake in the forest is my own little slice of heaven. debbie, oma and staff are top notch. grounds are kept in great shape. activities abound or just chill and have a beer next to the fire. every trip so far has been awesome. thank you debbie and i hope to enjoy more visits for years to come.   






nancy hintz 5 stars! 
 we have never looked forward to winter until this year. after spending two weeks at lake in the forest last year, we have decided to make this our winter home! the grounds are so nice and peaceful with sammy the llama keeping guard. the staff and residents were friendly and welcoming.  






debbie hilliard 5 stars! 
 we love coming to lake in the forest. we camp there whenever we can. debbie and omi are both wonderful people. and so is the rest of the staff. the pool is excellent and the trails give you great exercise for walking. and you can get wood there for fire pit.  






carly chaney 5 stars! 
 amazing! we are loving our stay here and will be back. our cabin is great, the people are friendly, and the location is perfect for relaxation and family time. thanks so much for offering this at an affordable rate!  






april travis 5 stars! 
 our family loved this campground!!! the scenery is beautiful and the staff is the best there is!!! love the opportunities for our children to see & feed the horses, make t-shirts & pottery, use the swimming pool and play at the park.  






mary armstrong 5 stars! 
 amazing experience. the staff was just precious and so accommodating. we were guests of our daughter and grandsons for a couple of nights and the cabin was so cute! omie was the sweetest grandmother ever!  






april turner 5 stars! 
 we had a great stay here over the 4th of july week. the property is beautiful and all the animals are friendly. the cabins are really nice with all the amenities you need.  






bill mousseau 5 stars! 
 the campgrounds and the pool were absolutely awesome. the bath house, the fishing and the rental of the canoes and kayaks! we will be back. thanks for the great service!  












upcoming 2024 special dates/family camp
new dates coming soon



latest family specials, special dates, and snobird season!!!
welcome snobirds!!! we may have rentals and rv sites open for the 
				2024/2025 season. feel free to call our office or email debbie at 
				lakeintheforestresort@gmail.com for any questions about making lake in the forest, your winter destination!










ocala area family vacation & camping resort
















 
lake in the forest black bear resort is one of "florida's best 
			kept secrets". this beautiful, family-run campground is located on 
			half moon lake, nestled in the middle of the ocala national forest. 
			if you are looking to get away and enjoy nature and the outdoors in 
			a peaceful, family-friendly atmosphere, lake in the forest is the 
			place for you!
contact us 

our amenities




lakefront
wi-fi
recreation hall
laundry facility
heated pool
full hook-up rv sites






fishing
pet-friendly*
shuffleboard
playground
walking trail
arts & crafts for all ages







contact us


 

19115 se 44th street,
                      ocklawaha, fl 32179


 

feel free to call us
352-625-6275

 

contact us by e-mail
click here 

 

navigate to us
lati: 29.145929long: -81.835704 
















facebook



©2017 lake in the forest. site design: 29th parallel design, inc.




























