




south dayton acute care consultants | excellence, compassion, integrity and teamwork












































south dayton acute care consultants
excellence, compassion, integrity and teamwork



menu

						skip to content					
patient forms
about us

meet our doctors

critical care medicine
infectious diseases
inpatient internal medicine
affiliated khn faculty
other affiliated providers
emeritus physicians


meet our apps
meet our staff


lipid clinic
faqs

directions to our office
discrimination is against the law
faqs
financial policy
privacy policy


billing

billing and payment
financial policy
insurance
insurance carriers
privacy policy


employee email login
 

search for:



 










the lipid clinic at south dayton metabolic 
can now be found at: www.southdaytonmetabolic.com 
we are continuing to see patients through telehealth visits when appropriate. a member of our team will contact you with information regarding your scheduled appointment.
click here to start your appointment.

excellence,  compassion,  integrity,  teamwork
we are a multispecialty group of physicians in dayton, ohio who offer state-of-the-art clinical services in critical care medicine, infectious diseases, lipidology and internal medicine (hospitalists).
we respond promptly and work closely with the referring physician to determine the best possible evaluation and management for the patient. while our emphasis is consultative and inpatient medicine, we also provide specialty outpatient medical care on a referral basis.
we look forward to working with and caring for you!
if you need an interpreter, please notify the office prior to your scheduled appointment.
good faith estimate-no surprises billing act

 south dayton acute care consultants, inc. complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.   click here for the full nondiscrimination policy.
 español (spanish)    français (french)    deutsch (german)    italiano (italian)  nederlands (dutch) deitsch (pennsylvania dutch)   русский (russian)     tiếng việt (vietnamese)    한국어 (korean)        українська (ukrainian)     română (romanian)     لعربية (arabic)    繁體中文 (chinese)    日本語 (japanese)
south dayton acute care consultants is committed to making its website, www.sdacc.com, as accessible as possible for everyone. we monitor all aspects of our website and actively work to ensure that the existing site and our future online activities meet appropriate ada guidelines and standards on web accessibility issues.












 south dayton acute care consultants
33 w. rahn rd. suite 102
dayton, oh 45429
937-433-8990
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				












