     bluebonnet ford car dealership located in new braunfels, texas                               

 
 

                                   



















sales & service
+1-833-506-4382



collision center
+1-833-511-0715

pre owned sales
+1-833-513-9933



351 interstate highway 35 south, new braunfels, tx 78130
        







service







map





























      call +1-833-506-4382   directions    
            home   new   search new inventory   service loaners for sale   new work trucks   ev inventory   our tv ads   kbb instant cash offer     used   used inventory   used work trucks   vehicles under $20k   carfax 1 owner   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   blue advantage money back guarantee   kbb instant cash offer     work trucks   new work trucks   used work truck inventory   work vans   pickups   cab chassis   commercial truck service in new braunfels, tx     finance   credit application   ford motor credit center   commercial credit application   payment calculator   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer   get pre-qualified with capital one     specials   specials   used car specials   service & parts specials   especiales de servicios y partes   tire specials     service & parts   ford collision   schedule service   service & parts specials   especiales de servicios y partes   tire specials   check for recalls   vehicle pick up and delivery   mobile service   service department   quick lane®   quick lane fleet & truck center   ford pass     collision center   collision center   get an estimate   collision center   faq and glossary    paintless dent repair   hail damage repair     research   research   ev   let's go electric   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford super duty   2025 ford bronco sport   2025 ford escape   2025 ford expedition   2025 ford explorer   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford mustang     about   about   contact us   our dealership   hours & directions   leave us a review   ford technician hiring    now hiring   meet our staff   virtual tour   new inventory   used inventory     espanol   conocenos   especiales de servicios y partes    financiamiento                     home   new   search new inventory   service loaners for sale   new work trucks   ev inventory   our tv ads   kbb instant cash offer     used   used inventory   used work trucks   vehicles under $20k   carfax 1 owner   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   blue advantage money back guarantee   kbb instant cash offer     work trucks   new work trucks   used work truck inventory   work vans   pickups   cab chassis   commercial truck service in new braunfels, tx     finance   credit application   ford motor credit center   commercial credit application   payment calculator   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer   get pre-qualified with capital one     specials   specials   used car specials   service & parts specials   especiales de servicios y partes   tire specials     service & parts   ford collision   schedule service   service & parts specials   especiales de servicios y partes   tire specials   check for recalls   vehicle pick up and delivery   mobile service   service department   quick lane®   quick lane fleet & truck center   ford pass     collision center   collision center   get an estimate   collision center   faq and glossary    paintless dent repair   hail damage repair     research   research   ev   let's go electric   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford super duty   2025 ford bronco sport   2025 ford escape   2025 ford expedition   2025 ford explorer   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford mustang     about   about   contact us   our dealership   hours & directions   leave us a review   ford technician hiring    now hiring   meet our staff   virtual tour   new inventory   used inventory     espanol   conocenos   especiales de servicios y partes    financiamiento               


                                                                                                                


   786 vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock/vin   basic advanced by stock/vin      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       













search
new 







search used




      search new inventory     search used inventory        


 

 
 
 

service pick up and delivery



service pick up and delivery




 


 

 
 
 

collision center



learn more







 
 
 

schedule service



schedule service







 
 
 

service specials



learn more








        ford lineup     mustang        mustang mach-e        bronco sport        bronco        escape        edge        explorer        expedition        expedition max        ranger        maverick        f-150        super duty                
 
 
 
 
 shop certified 

the ford blue advantage: certified pre-owned vehicles
when shopping for pre-owned cars, you only want the best of the best. this happens to be our ford blue advantage certified pre-owned inventory. these vehicles make up a used car buying experience that is built for you. all qualifying vehicles must pass an extremely thorough inspection before achieving the certified status. not all used cars will be able to qualify for these certifications, either. each of these certified pre-owned cars and trucks will come with a comprehensive limited warranty coverage.


      

2024 ford f-150
built to work and play hard
the ford f-150 features a high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and high-strength steel frame, providing the foundation for available best-in-class payload and up to 13,200 lbs. of available towing. the ford f-150 makes tough tasks look easy, whether you’re on the job or out on a weekend getaway.
view f-series inventory


       
    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 8:30pm    tuesday 8:30am - 8:30pm    wednesday 8:30am - 8:30pm    thursday 8:30am - 8:30pm    friday 8:30am - 8:30pm    saturday 8:30am - 8:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed     sunday closed         quick lane hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 12:00pm     sunday closed       
 

welcome to bluebonnet ford in new braunfels, tx
welcome to bluebonnet ford, proudly serving the areas of new braunfels, san antonio, san marcos, and seguin. as a recipient of the president’s award, as well as the j.d. power dealer of excellence, we couldn’t be prouder to help the great folks of the new braunfels area drive away in the car of their dreams!
from our exceptional staff to our expansive inventory of ford vehicles and everything in between, our dealership makes the entire car-buying journey fun, exciting, and simple. keep exploring the sections on this page to learn more!
learn more

     

follow us


        
          buy your next car from bluebonnet motors
when you shop at bluebonnet motors, you'll find a friendly team of award-winning experts ready to sell you a car that keeps you safe and comfortable, all at an affordable price. visit bluebonnet motors for a unique and hassle-free car buying experience. 

new ford cars in texas
welcome to bluebonnet ford! as the premier ford dealership in new braunfels, tx - we're here to make the search for your next vehicle as easy and enjoyable as it can be. whether you've shopped with us before or if it's your first time, you can count on our team to take your car buying experience to the next level. while other ford dealerships near you might try their best, they struggle to keep up with the outstanding selection of vehicles and customer service that you'll find at our ford dealership near you! we're proud to serve drivers from new braunfels, san antonio, and other surrounding areas. with a strong and committed staff, you'll have all the assistance that you need as you shop for the ideal vehicle to suit your needs and wants.
san antonio ford dealerships
one of the things that help to differentiate us from other ford dealerships near san antonio is the exceptional variety of ford cars, suvs, and trucks for sale in new braunfels, tx that we carry. when you pay a visit to our ford dealer near you - you'll be free to explore the complete lineup of new ford options all in one convenient place. after all, when you're trying to decide on the ideal ford model to suit your needs, it's important to be able to see all of your options in one place. our ford dealership in new braunfels stocks hundreds of the hottest-selling new ford vehicles. we've got new models available in all kinds of trims and configurations.
kyle, texas ford dealer
bluebonnet ford is proud to serve as a dealership serving kyle, texas, and the kyle region. we are a short drive away from kyle, and glad to offer any ford related products, parts, or services you need. we promise it is worth the short drive.this way, you can choose an option that satisfies your needs, wants, and budget all at the same time. bringing home a new ford vehicle is simpler than ever at our ford dealership near you. head to bluebonnet ford to explore the full lineup!
texas used cars for sale
there are a number of great reasons to consider bringing home one of the latest new ford models from our new braunfels dealership. for one, these vehicles often include the latest cutting-edge features and enhancements! of course, buying new isn't the right choice for everyone. for those who are looking to get the most bang for their buck, our ford dealership near you offers tons of exciting used cars for sale near san antonio for you to consider. by choosing to take home one of our used cars in new braunfels, you'll be able to enjoy outstanding savings while driving a top-notch vehicle that you can rely on.
we know that quality and reliability are two major concerns for shoppers who are seeking used models. that's why we take the time to do a complete inspection of each of our pre-owned cars, suvs and used ford trucks before placing them up for sale. this way, you can feel confident that you're getting a great deal on a quality vehicle when you shop for used cars at our ford dealership in new braunfels.
what sort of used vehicle will make the most sense for you? this will largely come down to your driving style! are you someone who needs to frequently tow a trailer or haul equipment? if so, one of our used ford trucks might be just what you need. one excellent option to consider is the used ford f150. with rugged good looks on the outside and impressive performance capabilities on the inside, the used ford f150 near you is the perfect choice to tackle all kinds of challenging tasks.
more interested in a pre-owned family vehicle with enough room to fit your whole crew in one trip? that sounds like a job for the used ford explorer. these are just a few of the fantastic used ford models that you can discover at our ford dealership near you. 
ford service and parts
after you've selected and brought home a new or used car for sale near san antonio - it's a good idea to make sure that your vehicle stays running in top condition! after all, buying a new or pre-owned vehicle is a major investment - so it is important to make the most of it. wondering how you can keep your vehicle running like new? one vital piece of the puzzle is to provide it with remarkable ford service!
at bluebonnet ford, we've got a state of the art ford service center near you that is outfitted with the latest tools and equipment. the backbone of our ford dealership service center is the dedicated team of service technicians that we employ. they've got the skills, experience, and know-how needed to keep your favorite vehicle running in top shape. from oil changes to engine repair, we can provide all of the essential maintenance and repair services that your vehicle might need. we offer service & parts specials to extend our customers the opportunity to save on their next service!
are you looking for parts and accessories to keep your vehicle maintained and repaired? our ford parts department is here to help you find them! whether you're searching for ford truck parts or ford oem parts for another kind of model - we carry all of the most in-demand parts on the market. you can even shop for ford parts online, right here on our website!
ford motor finance
thanks to ford motor finance at bluebonnet ford, bringing home the outstanding ford vehicle of your dreams is easier than ever before! our dealership is proud to provide a range of ford finance offers that can make it more affordable for you to bring home a new ford car, truck, or suv. our ford finance deals provide exceptional savings so that you can secure a monthly payment that works for you.
not sure that buying is the right course of action? consider the array of current ford lease offers that we have in-store! leasing has become one of the most popular was for drivers to bring home the latest new ford models. with lower monthly payments and a faster path to upgrading, it's clear to see why so many ford credit applicants choose ford lease offers at bluebonnet ford! want to learn more about the financing services that we can provide? just give our team a call at 1-833-506-4382.
    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures bluebonnet ford | 351 interstate highway 35 south, new braunfels, tx 78130 | sales & service: +1-833-506-4382 |                








































                  