






hamilton national genealogical society – hngs






























			skip to content		



hamilton national genealogical society
hngs

menu


home
about
alexander hamilton
 








revised site 

 this website is maintained to preserve the past efforts of hngs in hamilton focused genealogy research. as time allows, we will be uploading all extant information from the hngs archives.  
this will include relevant information from the old website. that is, obsolete information that is not helpful for genealogical research will be omitted. we will be uploading all scanned copies of our newsletter, the connector.
we have migrated the old site’s information to a new database with a new front end. the database for the old site was too old for a smooth transition. information is being added to the new site by copying and pasting from the old database.
we are still working out the kinks.
we have an app that will inform us of the broken links and will fix as time allows.
the web master is a volunteer with a full time job, so updates will occur as time allows.

update: 16 november, 2021 – pages on alexander hamilton added. see links in right-hand navigation pane. pages listed under search and above recent posts.
 update: 16 november, 2021 – faq page added.
 update: 16 november, 2021 – hamilton surname dna page added.



author hngsposted on april 24, 2018november 16, 2021 








			search for:		



		search	

aboutalexander hamiltonhamilton collegestatue of alexander hamiltonalexander hamilton - queriesst. croixst. croix schedulealex. hamilton's family treealexander hamilton - dnadescendants of david hamilton page 1descendants of david hamilton page 2descendants of david hamilton page 3descendants of david hamilton page 4faqhamilton surname dna project

recent posts


revised site


recent commentsarchives

april 2018

categories

blog


 



home
about
alexander hamilton
 

hamilton national genealogical society

					proudly powered by wordpress				






