





prematurity - preemie parent support for short and long term impacts of premature birth







prematurity
preemie baby * preemie child * preemie parenting




about
resources
special needs
parenting 
nicu
books
home




supporting preemie parents with over 200 articles and resources to learn about and cope with impacts of premature birth.  since 1996, the prematurity website and preemie child support group is the first and only major preemie parent organization for the growing population of older preemies. advice for parents of younger preemies from preemie parents and professionals who have been on this journey.

 parenting your preemie in the nicu
helping babies in the nicuhow you can help preemies in the nicu
preemie storiesstories of preemies and their parents.
taking care of your babycaring for your preemie baby in the nicu
nicu strugglesdifficulties in the nicu
preemie resources
preemie booksreviews of the best preemie books.
author interviewspreemie authors discuss important issues about prematurity.
preemie shops and servicestop products for preemies.
preemie child support grouponline discussion group for parents of older preemies.


special needs of preemies
short and long term issues of prematurity
raising your preemie
your first yearparenting your preemie baby
parenting your childcaring for your preemie child
getting helpadvocating for your preemie child
celebrationscelebrating preemies!
support groupforum for parents of older preemies.


highlight articles:
does my preemie feel pain?
most people would agree that young babies feel pain, even babies born prematurely. however, despite scientific evidence, the idea that preemies do not feel pain is still prevalent.
 developmental follow-up of pre-term infants at high risk for delays is essential
all children should have some developmental screening periodically throughout childhood.
how to talk so doctors will listen
tips for parent communicating with doctors and other health professionals.
the prematurity website:
 founded in 1996, the prematurity website provide support, information and resources for parents of children born prematurely - from birth to adulthood. this website has a unique focus on the long term impacts of prematurity. it is also a great resource for advocates of preemies - anyone wishing to help children born prematurely.
my miracle son was born at 26 weeks, weighing only one pound 2 ounces and barely 12 inches long. after four months in the nicu, he came home on oxygen for his first year. this was before the internet, so i was extremely isolated. as the internet evolved, i became more and more involved in providing in online support so other parents would not have to endure this isolation. i have had wonderful interactions and  provided support through a wonderful, very active former group preemie-l, my preemie-child group for older preemies, and my websites. my son been effected by almost every possible result of prematurity. as a result of intense research and interactions with parents, older preemies, doctors, nurses, authors, nicu personal and many other professionals while i raised my son, i learned a tremendous amount about premature birth and its aftermath. this website takes you through the gamut of prematurity impacts - from the nicu through childhood and adulthood. the companion site children's disabilities information provides information on many of the special needs diagnoses preemies may experience as they grow up. 
 website sponsors
nationwide health training offers pediatric advanced life saving certification for all doctors and nurses that is american heart association certified.



 home | nicu parenting | preemie parenting  | preemie special needs | support group | book reviews | shops & services | site map | about

prematurity : www.prematurity.org © copyright allison martin


