 same-day flower delivery staten island ny | local staten island florist   skip to main contentfor our freshest, most beautiful blooms, please shop our florist’s choice options, as we may be experiencing
delays in receiving shipments of certain flower types.please note that for all other orders, we may need to replace stems so we can deliver the freshest bouquet possible, and we may have to use a different vase.we promise to always deliver a fresh, beautiful, and completely one-of-a-kind gift of the same or greater value as what you selected.deliveries may also be impacted by covid-19 restrictions. rest assured that we are taking all recommended precautions to ensure customer satisfaction and safety.   delivery impacts may include:restricted deliveries to hospitals or nursing homesrestricted deliveries to office buildingsrestricted access to certain regional areasin addition, we may be using “no contact” delivery procedures. after confirming that the
recipient is available to accept, their gift will be left at the door and the delivery driver will step back a
safe distance to ensure they receive their gift.please see our about us page for more details. we appreciate
your understanding and support!×gift now, deliver laterwith gift now, deliver later, you'll send smiles twice! here's how: smile 1when you complete your purchase, your lucky recipient will instantly receive a surprise email that includes your card message and a picture of the flowers you chose. smile 2as soon as possible (usually within two weeks), we'll contact your recipient to schedule delivery of their gorgeous floral gift. trust us, it'll be worth the wait!×wine for every occasionwe offer a wide-selection of premium wines to perfectly pair with your floral gift.ordering a bottle (or two!) from our site is easy. just make sure that:you're 21 or olderthe person picking up or receiving the delivery is 21 or older× open coupon details ×     clark's house of flowers 100% florist-designed and hand-delivered!  same-day design and hand-delivery!*   proudly serving staten island, ny                  since 1924 clark's house of flowers - flower delivery in staten island, ny free delivery for local online orders*    search   clark's house of flowers start over how does this work? main menu  clark's house of flowers           search deal of the day valentine's day occasions     valentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting birthday     all birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for herbirthday for mombirthday for colleaguebirthday gift basketsbirthday for him sympathy and funeral     all sympathy and funeralfuneral sprays and wreathsfuneral service flowerssympathy for home or officesympathy plantsloss of a pet flowers, plants & gifts     flower typetulipssunflowersorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionspremium collectiongift basketsmodernour custom designsby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop     delivery policywedding flowers about usflower deliverystaten island, ny  free*    ends in:     deal of the day  valentine's day occasions occasionsvalentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting  birthday birthdayall birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for herbirthday for mombirthday for colleaguebirthday gift basketsbirthday for him  sympathy and funeral sympathy and funeralall sympathy and funeralfuneral sprays and wreathsfuneral service flowerssympathy for home or officesympathy plantsloss of a pet  flowers, plants & gifts flower typetulipssunflowersorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionspremium collectiongift basketsmodernour custom designsby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop  about us delivery & substitution
policy all flowers & giftswedding flowers flower deliverystaten island, ny       free*   ends in:  why buy from us?  ▲ ▼100%satisfaction  guaranteerealwe are a real local florist100%florist designed  and hand delivered * free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone,
a delivery fee based on the recipient’s address will be calculated during checkout.     100% satisfaction guaranteed   we are a real local florist   100% florist-designed and hand-delivered   shop by popular occasions             valentine's day    birthday       sympathy & funeral         just because    love & romance   send joy today: same-day flower delivery in staten island   valentine’s day special bouquetfrom $84.99 devoted to you™ red rosesfrom $89.95 classic love bouquet™from $89.94 perfect wrapped long-stemmed red rosesfrom $105.95 you and me™from $47.94 12 classic red rosesfrom $89.95 florist's choice daily dealfrom $65.99 romance of roses™from $100.98 blushing heart bouquet™from $94.94 rose trio™ with plush bearfrom $57.94 love you forever™ bouquetfrom $169.95 halcyon heart™from $70.94 joyful thanks™from $67.95 three red rosesfrom $55.94 the prettiest picturefrom $67.94 why buy from us?fastsame day designand hand-deliveryjointhousands ofhappy customers100%florist designed and hand delivered     off is yours!code will be automatically applied in checkout. coupon redeemable for online  purchases only. valid through .our lovingly reviews read more reviews read more reviews         clark's house of flowers    1875 victory blvd, staten island, ny 10314    (718) 442-6453      get driving directions  send a beautiful flower arrangement in staten island todayshop from our wide selection of floral designs, bountiful bouquets, and other creative floral arrangements to send a meaningful gift in ny. be prepared with the best gift for memorable days like valentine’s day and mother’s day, when choosing the perfect gift is essential.don’t miss out on other great gifts:birthday flowers - celebrate their special day with vibrant blooms!love flowers - express your affection with a romantic arrangement.sympathy and funeral flowers - convey your condolences and honor their memory with elegance.get well flowers - lift their spirits when they’re feeling under the weather.deal of the day - surprise them with a unique, one-of-a-kind arrangement handcrafted with a personal touch.staten island’s local florist - dedicated to quality and satisfactionclark's house of flowers is committed to creating beautiful flower arrangements and providing exceptional customer service to staten island, ny. our designs are florist-crafted, and each delivery is handled with care to ensure 100% satisfaction.join our community of happy customers in staten island! order from and support your local florist, clark's house of flowers.learn more about the clark's house of flowers commitment to quality.  welcome to clark's house of flowers - a staten island tradition welcome to clark's house of flowers, your esteemed local florist in staten island. honored to be a third-generation family-owned establishment, we've been at the heart of our community since 1924. for nearly a century, our passion has been to craft beautiful floral arrangements with the freshest, highest-quality flowers. our team of experienced florists is dedicated to sourcing the finest blooms and creating distinctive floral gifts to illuminate any occasion.same-day flower delivery service in staten island when time is of the essence, you can rely on clark's house of flowers for prompt same-day delivery services across staten island and neighboring areas. we understand the importance of timing, which is why our same-day flower delivery is committed to ensuring your flowers arrive when needed, exuding freshness and perfect form. choose from our exquisite selection of elegant bouquets to exotic plants; we're here to assist you, even on short notice.fresh flowers for every occasion clark's house of flowers specializes in curating bespoke floral arrangements for any event. leveraging the freshest flowers, our skilled florists create breathtaking displays that are bound to leave an impression. whether it's mother's day blooms, vibrant birthday flowers, heartfelt sympathy arrangements, or romantic anniversary bouquets, our floral collections are designed to bring joy to your special moments.your premier staten island florist as your local staten island florist, we're not just about selling flower, it's about about fostering connections and nurturing community spirit. when only the freshest, most stunning flowers will do, turn to clark's house of flowers. contact us by phone or order online; we're here to help you make any day memorable with the perfect floral touch.                      powered by    clark's house of flowers is a lovingly momentmaker in staten island, ny.  buying local matters. discover how lovingly is committed to strengthening relationships by helping local florists market, sell, and deliver their floral designs online.            google business page clark's house of flowers1875 victory blvd staten island ny 10314+1 (718) 442-6453   copyrighted images herein are used with permission by clark's house of flowers.  ©
2025  lovingly, llc. all rights reserved.  lovingly and the lovingly logo are trademarks of lovingly holdings, llc terms of serviceprivacy policyaccessibility statementprivacy request formdelivery policy          top 4 reasons to buy from
clark's house of flowers 100% satisfaction guaranteewe take pride in our work, and stand behind every arrangement we deliver. if you are not completely satisfied
with your order, please contact us so that we can make it right. we are a real local floristwe've been staten island local florist  since 1924 and we are proud to serve this community. there are a lot of "online companies"
that pretend to be a local florist, hurting both you and small businesses like ours. you can feel confident that you will get an amazing
arrangement that is supporting a real local florist! 100% florist designed, hand deliveredbuying from us means that all arrangements are designed by artists who know
the floral trade. we hand-deliver every single arrangement so your recipient
is sure to love their gift! no wilted, sad, flowers in a box here! your design will be exquisitely arranged and sure to be loved! join thousands of happy customersour customers and the happiness of their friends and family are our top priority! when you buy from us, you are getting an arrangement that is sure
to impress and delight! we will personally ensure that you're happy with your arrangement!×* free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone, a delivery fee based on the recipient's address will be calculated during checkout. ×                   