















alumni | villanova university

























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x
menu


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectioneventsalumni career managementconnectalumni benefits and serviceslifelong learning




events

















x

search vu


















alumni





















































welcome to the nova nation



the feeling of community and support that villanova nurtures does not end at graduation. with opportunities to come together at alumni events, mentor and share expertise with current students, cheer on villanova's teams, network with other villanovans, invest in the university and fortify its future, we know it's true: once a wildcat, always a wildcat.
















discover a powerful network






- 140,000 alumni strong.

- leaders across industries.
- innovators and problem solvers.
- dedicated mentors and volunteers.
- passionate advocates of the university.
igniting change at villanova and around the world!








 







the villanova university alumni association



the mission of the villanova university alumni association (vuaa) is to create a mutually beneficial, lifelong culture of belonging and returning to villanova university—for education, for relationships, and for philanthropy—through the development of meaningful and transformative engagement opportunities. 
all villanova graduates, regardless of graduation year, college or degree, are considered members of the vuaa. villanova parents, families and friends are also members of the vuaa. no dues are assessed for membership—see what the vuaa can do for you!
update your information to ensure you receive the latest alumni news, resources and opportunities to connect from the vuaa.



events
explore on-campus, regional and virtual events available year-round.
more




connect
discover affinity networks, regional clubs and ways to volunteer with us. 
more




career
leverage resources for alumni of all ages, stages and levels of their careers.
more




lifelong learning
find resources for alumni personal and professional growth.
more




benefits
view special benefits and services available to alumni through the vuaa.
more




cabrini
resources and information for cabrini alumni and friends.
more



















updates for alumni













save the date: reunion 2025 | june 6-9

 






receive the latest alumni news and more | update your info

 






connect with your fellow villanovans on the nova network

 






 basketball events, game watches and tickets offers

 






virtual book club reads "the power of moments"

 






























blue and white spotlights



each month, we feature the story of a villanovan who has committed their time, talent and treasure to advancing the university through our blue and white spotlight series.









julia spillane ’20


							  the vuaa’s alumni workplace engagement program brings the villanova community and pride to workplaces all over the country. as the program’s “champion” at l3harris in clifton, n.j., julia spillane ’20 coe plans special events that bring her fellow alumni colleagues together and help them stay connected to the university. in her role as a space systems engineer, julia says the lessons in communication and collaboration she learned at villanova have distinguished her professionally—and are traits she seeks out in current students as a recruiter for l3harris.
							  
							      more...

 












 



andrea conte '15


							  after graduating from villanova, andrea conte ’15 clas was eager to find a way to give back to the university that afforded her so many opportunities—from access to a career-defining internship with lilly pulitzer, to strengthening her catholic faith and meeting her lifelong circle of friends. after accepting a job offer from j.crew and moving to new york in 2019, andrea has been an active member of the villanova university club of new york city, helping to bring her fellow wildcats in the area together by organizing a number of different club events.
							  
							      more...

 












 



chris '85 and mary '87 catalano p '16 


							  for chris ’85 coe and mary ’87 vsb catalano p ’16, attending villanova created a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves—a family of wildcats, united in the university’s shared mission and values. now, by supporting espiritus nova: the campaign for villanova university, chris and mary are helping to ensure that future villanovans will have access to the same transformative experiences that shaped their lives, while also providing them with new resources and tools to navigate an ever-evolving world.
							  
							      more...

 












 



melissa paone '04 clas


							  as executive director of marketing and communications for neumann university, a roman catholic college in aston, pennsylvania, melissa paone ’04 clas brings her professional expertise back to her alma mater. she supports the villanova communication alumni network, serves as a recurring panelist on communications career day and was recently appointed as an inaugural member of the communications advisory committee. working in higher education has strengthened melissa’s belief that strong, values-based catholic institutions like villanova are needed to shape ethical, purpose-driven leaders who will make a positive impact on the world.
							  
							      more...

 












 



kim shaughnessy-granger '97 fcn, '17 dnp


							  the augustinian values instilled in kim shaughnessy-granger ’97 fcn, ’17 dnp (pictured right) during her time at villanova provided the foundation for a leadership philosophy that has guided her career in the navy nurse corps. currently the commanding officer and director of the naval health clinic in annapolis, maryland, shaughnessy-granger serves the university community as a member of the vuaa board of directors and remains closely engaged with the villanova veterans affinity network and m. louise fitzpatrick college of nursing.
							  
							      more...

 












 



mitch ramierez '09 clas


							  as the beneficiary of a scholarship that allowed him to attend villanova, mitch ramierez ’09 clas is committed to supporting students from diverse backgrounds at the university. he recently joined the college of liberal arts and sciences dean’s advisory council, and in this role, he seeks to ensure that all students have access to critical networks and resources that will help to set them up for success at villanova and beyond.
							  
							      more...

 












 





































network with villanovans










regional clubs










vuaa events calendar










family engagement and philanthropy










connect with our team










affinity networks










vuaa alumni awards







 
 



make an impact
behind every achievement, every scholarship and every championship, stand the alumni, parents, faculty, staff and friends who invest in our students and fortify the university’s future by giving to villanova. 
more













fast facts



140,000+
alumni worldwide



300+
alumni association events per year



25,000+
villanovans on the nova network




























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













