






printing perfect, peerless & painless projects - derby city litho










































































peerless, painless printing     502-560-1440


    

printing

offset printing
digital printing


wide format
fulfillment
send a file
digital storefront
contact
get an estimate




















 
dana-prepresssdigital-pressheidelberg-offsetfinishing-operatorfinished-booklets 



 



every project printed right, right on time. 



perfectly beautiful printing.  a perfectly pain-free process. 






get an estimate



















ridiculously reliable 









really responsive 









radically results-oriented 
















your printed projects deserve better. 











colors that aren’t right.  deadlines that aren’t met.  calls that aren’t returned.  it’s beyond stressful.  it’s shameful. and it’s 100% avoidable. 






get an estimate


























problem-free printing, perfected. 




















 



crisp. colorful. correct.

multiple prepress checks and a robust proofing process deliver vibrant, accurate, precisely printed pieces time after time.















 



on time. every time.

even when time is tight, we overplan and overcommunicate to ensure that we deliver on or before your deadline.















 



prompt and proactive.

we like to take the guesswork out of printing.  so we answer or return your calls immediately.  and we keep you in the loop and out of the dark.















get an estimate







































we care about more than color. 



we care about you. 






get an estimate






















 



dozens of experienced team members.
















 



hundreds of happy clients.






















 



thousands of successful projects.
















 



millions of perfectly printed pieces every year.















































 













planning the perfect printed piece 






get an estimate






















 



client consultation
















 



2-step prepress






















 



detailed proofing
















 



perfect production
















prompt communication



















we make printing a pleasure. 


















too often, your print project gets too little attention. it arrives late or less than perfect — and good luck getting calls returned promptly. the result? stress and frustration — and you have to answer for your printer’s poor performance.but you can do better — by calling derby city litho in louisville. we consult with you to plan for success from the start. when your files arrive, they get two different prepress checks. our seasoned print technicians provide proofs before your project goes on press. then we shepherd your piece from production and finishing through on time delivery. and we communicate all along the way, so you never have to guess how your project is progressing. 











you get the piece you dreamed of — on time and on budget — with none of the stress or worry. and when it performs even better than expected, you get to enjoy the credit for a job well done, instead of criticism for missed deadlines or quality issues.traditional offset printing and state-of-the-art digital. wide format printing and promotional items. mailing and fulfillment services. get the solution you need for your next marketing project — with none of the aggravation. and let’s make marketing fun again.why wait? call (502) 560-1440 today to find out how we can make you look good — and feel great — about your next print project. 













get an estimate















 















 











get your free creative toolbox. 




everybody needs some inspiration now and then. our free creative toolbox is both reference and resource, filled with inspiration and information designed to help you create your best print project. get yours delivered today — it’s free! 







get your toolbox




























 services

offset printing
digital printing
variable data printing
wide format
promotional items
fulfillment
mailing


 resources

printing terms & tips
checklist for print
software downloads
template downloads
creative toolbox
faq


 
send a file
digital storefront
about us
our founder
careers





 839 e. broadway louisville, ky 40204
(502) 560-1440
print@derbycitylitho.com
monday – friday 8am – 5pm

  
© 2025 derby city litho


















