



american nevada company – a greenspun company
































 











(702) 458 8855homeaboutteamcommercial property managementother servicesasset managementcommercial association managementmaster plan developmentpropertiesnewscontact
expertise and
performance
a multi-award-winning real estate developer and commercial property manager with a reputation for providing “best-in-class” customer experience.
expertise and performance
award winning real estate
developer and commercial property
management company
integrity and credibility
our reputation speaks for itself.
third-party property management
expert oversight for your investment
american nevada company, a greenspun company
founded in 1972 by hank and barbara greenspun, american nevada company is recognized for delivering the finest in quality commercial space, commercial property management and master planned communities, while using our industry knowledge, efficiency, and flexibility to meet the ever-changing needs of the markets in which we work, including las vegas, henderson, north las vegas and all of southern nevada.
from master planned communities to commercial development and property management, american nevada company is a nationally recognized “best-in-class” real estate developer in southern nevada and throughout the southwest. we provide custom solutions for our clients through our dedicated professional development and property management teams.
 

we have been extremely pleased with american nevada since hiring them to manage the office property in henderson our firm purchased back in 2016. their property management, construction management, and accounting teams are staffed with top-notch professionals who are a pleasure to work with. whether it’s a challenging tenant or an unexpected maintenance emergency, as out-of-town owners, we rest easy knowing american nevada is in control of the situation.
brian mistysynsenior asset manager 



i have had the opportunity to work with this company on numerous occasions as an independent contractor. being prompt, respectful and responsive are their priorities. they work hard to accommodate and see to it that all situations, challenges and circumstances are addressed.
shelly cifelli 



i have had the pleasure of working with jeanette ivan and natalie stagnitta at american nevada company for the past year. the american nevada team goes above and beyond to ensure our properties are well maintained and kept in pristine condition.
the team is proactive, pays great attention to detail and professional when engaging with our tenants. most recently they even drove our team to and from the airport with cold water bottles available for the car ride.
the american nevada team have made managing our commercial properties a seamless experience. i highly recommend american nevada to any owner looking for an exceptional management team.
rebecca sullivanportfolio manager 



we have had the pleasure of working with american nevada since 2002. the office staff is professional and assists us with anything we need. we highly recommend them if you are looking for an amazing location.
gail hill 



it’s nice to work with a company and representative who is professional and is also a friend whenever needed!
steven squires 



i wanted to give a shout out to american nevada company! i just left one of the buildings they manage on corporate circle in henderson, nevada; the building looks practically new inside and out! i see numerous office buildings every year but this one was by far one of the nicest and cleanest building i have had the pleasure of doing business in. bravo!
monique harnett 

 



streamline your investments with american nevada’s trusted third-party property managementcontact us today!


expertise and performance
an award winning real estate developer and property management company that has built a reputation for their “best-in-class” customer experience.
 2360 corporate circle, suite 330, henderson, nv 89074
(702) 458 8855

 menu








