







home











































homeour eventscabin rentalsmake reservations herecampground mapfind uspolicies










november 16, 2024 - we will be reopening in april 2025; now taking reservations.











our campground
linville falls campgroundrv park & cabinsp.o. box 205linville falls, nc 28647828-765-2681gps address:717 gurney franklin rd.linville falls, nc 28647e-mail: linvillefallscamping@gmail.com
 trip advisor traveler's choice award

member blue ridge parkway association


member carolina assoc. of rv campgrounds
like us:
blue ridge heritage
do not move firewood





the campgroundlinville falls campground, rv park & log cabin rentals located in western north carolina, just off the blue ridge parkway at junction of us 221, is shaded by a cool forest of stately oaks. this privately owned campground has full hook-up sites, water/electric sites and a secluded, primitive tent area.  surrounded by mountain laurel and rhododendron, each site is equipped with a grill, fire ring and picnic table.  log cabin rentals are very popular.   no two cabins are alike, come find the one that fits your taste.
 

we are minutes from the area’s most spectacular attractions, including linville falls & gorge, wiseman’s view, grandfather mountain, linville caverns and gem mountain.  several hiking and biking trails are also nearby.  guests will enjoy the natural ambiance, away from traffic, noisy cities and busy lives.  
for your convenience, there are modern rest rooms with clean, hot showers; a camp store; laundry facilities and a playground for the kids.  we think you’ll find the linville falls campground, rv park & cabins a unique and comfortable camping experience. hope to see you this season!
the new bath house




























 



 
oh yes, the comforts are here


walk around the grounds











































 



 
our rv park























 



 linville falls campground rv park & cabins has a pavilion that overlooks the playground and the dog park




































































 


linville falls campground rv park & cabins has a conveniently located laundry room!













 


linville falls campground rv park & cabins has a convenient gift shop and camp store.











































 



linville falls community the linville falls community offers great family dining, restaurants, a church for all faiths, u.s. post office, gifts, groceries and camping supplies. nearby hiking trails for both the fit and physically challenged offer magnificent views of the blue ridge mountains and linville gorge. if you’re a fisherman, bring your tackle box. both native and stock trout are in abundance!
 
gps address: 717 gurney franklin rd. linville falls, nc 28647
 

 
linville falls campground, rv park & cabinsp.o. box 205linville falls, nc 28647(828)765-2681e-mail: this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 

 


 

congratulations on linville falls campground being selected by roverpass as one of the top 10 dog-friendly campgrounds in 2017! you were chosen by our staff and users after reviewing hundreds of our most popular listings.





copyright © 2020 - 2023. all rights reserved.



web site by jason dewitt 


please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

