



home | north carolina state bar - legal specialization




















skip to main content




















member login




state bar main site



















toggle navigation








term to search for






toggle search





for lawyers for lawyersbecome a board certified specialistcertification standard summaries certification standard summariesthe specialty exams the specialty examsfor board certified specialists for board certified specialistsformsfees for certificationresourcescreating a new specialtyservice and excellence awards download the 2023 directory of legal specialistsfor the public for the publicthe benefit of hiring a board certified specialistpractice areasresources for the publicfind a board certified specialistdownload the 2023 directory of legal specialistsfaqnews & publications news & publicationsrecent news recent newsnewsletter of the board of legal specialization newsletter of the board of legal specializationspecialists profileslegal specialization awareness (infographic)"about us about uslegal specialization staffboard membersspecialty committeescontact usannual report
member loginstate bar main site
















legal specialization:
reaching new heights









information and resources for
lawyers
read more
lawyers




i am looking for a
board certified specialist
find a lawyer
board certified specialist











publications
directory of legal specialists

download the directory of legal specialists.

 
state bar journal 

click here to view online the latest edition of the state bar journal. 

 
the specialist newsletter

read the most recent edition of the specialist, the newsletter of the board of legal specialization.
   
not a board certified specialist? email us to subscribe to the specialist.


follow the state bar on social media

follow the state bar on facebookfollow the state bar on twitter


 
lawyer's handbook

the lawyer's handbook is now available for downloading on the state bar's website.


profiles in specialization
read the latest specialization profile from the state bar journal with elizabeth edwards, board certified specialist in immigration law
.




latest news
view all



congratulations to the new specialists!
december 6, 2024
congratulations to the new specialists! these lawyers met all of the requirements to be certified by the board of legal specialization on december 6, 2024.






maintaining certification - deadline september 30, 2024
july 11, 2024
all board certified specialists should have received an annual fee notice or a recertification notice on july 1, 2024, via email.






board chair transition
july 10, 2024
the board of legal specialization extends deep gratitude to jan e. pritchett for his service on the board, and welcomes matthew ladenheim, a trademark specialist from charlotte, as the incoming chair.






certification application grace period
may 1, 2024
late applications may be submitted by may 10 at 5 pm.





















for lawyers


for the public


faq






about us


contact us


state bar main site








north carolina state bar - legal specialization
                po box 25908raleigh, nc 27611 tel: 919.828.4620 





















copyright © north carolina state bar. all rights reserved.














