








war machine | business of war





































war machine
business of war


menu
skip to content
us military blunder: icbm missile parts sent to taiwan via wyoming
joint select committee on deficit reduction
lets talk about gun control (nfa gun trusts)
liberals in congress wage war on first amendment
republican primaries
terrorism. accounting for all the inhumanity
us military blunder: icbm missile parts sent to taiwan via wyoming
 






us military blunder: icbm missile parts sent to taiwan via wyoming


can anybody explain to me exactly how taiwan ordered some helicopter batteries from a us military base in wyoming, and then received icbm missile parts in the box instead?
according to a ‘breaking news article’ on msnbc right now that is exactly what just happened. the pentagon has announced that it mistakenly shipped icbm missile nose parts to taiwan on a battery order, and has now retrieved them. there is no information available on how this mistake happened yet, just that it happened in march 2005, (or msnbc video account: fall of 2006) and that we have them back now. (click here to read full msnbc story and see video.)
the whole scenario of handing china’s neighbor taiwan some icbm missile parts by mistake, while the globe is watching the wars and rumors of wars daily through their media, all sounds like the plot to a paperback novel. perhaps i will write that novel? it would be a best seller in wyoming.
i can write a book about a group of people dispersed throughout the us and neighboring countries to china, who come up with the idea to make a few missiles from spare parts lying around at military bases… maybe the book can be made into a television series? let’s see, the name ‘jericho’ is already taken. so, i will explore the name, ‘ooops’.
this is not the only missile blunder that the us air force has made in recent history. not long back, there were 6 nuclear warheads flown by the unsuspecting air force, across our populated country, from louisiana to north dakota. nobody knew that the missiles were on the planes until after they landed at their destination in north dakota. they failed to protect some of the nation’s most important military assets.
with the us air force being involved in sensitive supply losses on two occasions, during the approximate same period of time, this leads me to wonder just how many more of these types of military blunders we will hear about in the future, or how many it will take before they start taking our countries security situation as an important issue in the military supply rooms in wyoming.
somebody should have been watching inventory supply in both cases, and questioning instantly when icbm parts or nuclear warheads were missing from their assigned locations on the base. in my opinion, something is wrong with the bookwork when any company can’t account for each and every part in their stockroom at all times – a bad way to build trust.
why isn’t our air force keeping track of our sensitive inventory parts? this does not make any sense to me. in the very least, why didn’t anybody examine the weight of the boxes as being over or under-weight to what the parts were supposed to be inside? on ebay, shipping the wrong item by mistake can lead to the death of your business. nobody wants to deal with irresponsible people. this kind of blundering activity needs to stop.
 











search for:



categories

general




recent posts


governors from five western u.s. states agree to join together to lower emissions


diary of an angry american i


obama’s views on gun control


the case of the missing cannon on the caribbean island of nevis


my review of wagons west wyoming trek


 




				proudly powered by wordpress			





