




adamsville, tn
















































home 
boards/commissions

city commission

city commission agendas & minutes


planning

planning commission agendas & minutes




city services

adamsville cemetery
city court
emergency services
permits, licenses, taxes & zoning
recreation & parks
trash collection & recycling
utilities  


area info

attractions
schools
demographics
history


industry
city directory











 






welcome to adamsville
adamsville and hardin county are located on the crossroads of highway 64 and highway 22 in south west tennessee, 3 miles from the tennessee river, in mcnairy county. adamsville is a thriving community with many amenities and all the charm of southern living with out the big city problems and a low cost of living. our location gives easy access to memphis, nashville, and jackson,  tennessee as well as corinth and tupelo, mississippi and florence, alabama while our community has much to offer that keeps folks close to home.
we hope that you'll find adamsville to be the  "biggest little town in tennessee".
                                


emergency alerting & notification system
the city of adamsville wants you and your family to be safe and informed during emergencies in our area. these may include public safety threats, dangerous weather, and traffic advisories. information is key, and we strongly encourage you to sign up to receive text message alerts directly from city of adamsville. 
  >more info

new phone system
please listen to all choices before choosing so that you can reach the proper extension. the system is new, and the directory has not been completed yet. please be patient while we make this transition.
  >more info

warning: doxo payments
city of adamsville utility payments made to doxo. com do not go directly to city of adamsville utility department. to pay online, go to www.cityofadamsville.com to ensure your bill is paid correctly and on time. 

flushable wipes, personal hygiene, items, grease, and rags
the city of adamsville's number one responsibility is keeping our customers, town, and employees safe. in the past we have had problems in various locations where their clean outs and manholes where stopped due to flushable wipes, personal hygiene items and rags. with the current situation we have with the cov-19 virus the city of adamsville will be taking extra precautions that apply to our system, customers, and employees. >more info




find us












 




 




 














 















 








pay bills online now! 
>utility payments
>property tax
>one pay miscellaneous

















upcoming events

â»view all upcoming events


 


quick links


employment application
adamsville vendor registration system
adamsville war memorial
city  charter
hardin county chamber of commerce
mcnairy chamber of commerce
municipal code of ordinances
register to play sports 
requests for proposals (rfps)
buford pusser museum
food drive form
 


 




 









 













 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







 adamsville city hall | 231 east main  | adamsville, tn | 
                  (731) 632-1401





 
 







