



pet portraits by cherie vergos - dog, cat, and horse art



















 






 pet
      portraits by cherie
realistic pet portrait drawings of dogs,
      cats, parrots,
      horses and other exotic
      pets drawn from your photo!
portraitsofanimals.com
  makes
      a great gift!
 
 photos
      to portraits
search
      dog breeds

pet
      portrait galleries

site
      index
 


proud member of












hand-drawn pet
                  portraits from your photo
i
                  can draw your dog, cat, horse or bird from your photo-click
                  here!

my
                  pet portraits are hand-drawn from your
                  favorite photo
                  of your pet!they also make a great gift for anyone who loves their
                  pet
how i draw a custom pet portrait from a photo




"cherie
                  has done 3 absolutely wonderful portraits for me. just today,
                  i received the 3rd one, it is my recently deceased little
                  welsh corgi boy, simon. as i viewed the scans cherie sent me
                  of her progress, i was simply in awe of her talent. but today,
                  when i unrolled the portrait and saw it, it truly took my
                  breath away! i could not be happier with this portrait, it is
                  more than i could have hoped for. an e-mail or testimonial
                  wasn't enough, i had to call cherie and tell her how wonderful
                  it is! i swear, i can look at simon's face and it is almost as
                  if i am gazing into his eyes. cherie, you rock!!!! thank you
                  so much!!!"   charlene- illinios
email:  cheriesportraits@aol.com





 a
                  pet portrait by cherie captures the beauty, sweetness, and
                  personality of your special companion in lifelike detail—the
                  way only a true work of art can!  now, you can have a
                  true-to-life portrait drawn of your beloved best friend,
                  ensuring that you always remember that favorite moment or
                  classic animal expression forever!


"cherie's
                  drawing of cullen is fantastic!!!  she captured his beautiful
                  eyes and mitts. cullen is a "mitten kitten".i would 
                  highly recommend her to anyone. cherie is very patient
                  and knows how everyone wants the perfect drawing of their
                  cherished pet".  patricia- illinois

 







your
                  complete satisfaction is very important to me, and that is why
                  all of my portraits are 100% guaranteed! you will even receive a
                  scan of your portrait, for your approval, before i mail it out
                  to you.
"words
                  cannot describe how grateful i am for cherie's talent. cherie
                  blessed my family and i with two amazing pet portraits of my labs
                  dakota and jake. her artistry and love for what she does is
                  undeniable. dakota and jake were a huge part of our family and
                  i am so glad that through their portraits they will continue
                  to be for years to come. i could not ask for a better way to
                  memorialize our boys. cherie is a joy to work with and her
                  talent is a true gift!" - diane - media, pa
"working
                  with cherie was such an enjoyable experience. the portrait of
                  my dog, sport is so awesome. cherie really captured his
                  essence and the portrait itself looks like it was drawn with
                  such love. if you are looking for a special gift for someone,
                  or want a lasting tribute to your animal, i definitely
                  recommend pet portraits by cherie.''  sharon  - 
                  oakley, california


"i
                  hired cherie to draw a portrait of my sister's beloved black
                  lab, bud, who was 15 yrs old when he died. the finished
                  portrait was fabulous. cherie managed to capture bud's true
                  spirit and the ever loyal and trusting look in his eyes. i'm
                  giving this portrait to my sister as a gift. it was an
                  absolute pleasure to work with cherie. she is a true
                  professional with a talent for capturing the spirit of your
                  pet. if you're looking for a wonderful gift or a portrait of
                  your pet just for yourself, i can without hesitation, highly
                  recommend cherie."  donna - pa




 
                            
you
                          consider your dog,
                          cat,
                          bird,
                          horse,
                          or other pet part of the family. they give you the
                          unconditional love that only an animal can give.
                          they’re loyal, loving, forgiving, sensitive, and
                          they’re always there when you need a friend. the
                          memories you share with a pet are among the most
                          precious you will ever make.
gift
                  certificates  are
                  always available if you don't have a photo and want to give a portrait as a gift to
                someone special!
 
a
                          portrait is a wonderful keepsake of your pet for you
                          to cherish forever. they also make a thoughtful,
                          unique gift for anyone who loves their pet as much as
                          you do.
gift
                          certificates are available!     
 
















email:  cheriesportraits@aol.com

cherie
                          vergos · clifton
                          park, ny  12065

                          pet portraits by cherie vergos © unauthorized duplication of text, photos,
                          artwork and/or files are in violation of applicable
                          laws. all rights are reserved.

 

search engine submission - addme





 
  


