








home | jj thompson orthodontic appliances | orthodontic laboratory










































































































































login to portal





general enquiries : 
00 44 (0)114 2759585
lines open 9:00 - 16:00























products

pressure formed appliances
functional appliances
indirect bonding
active appliances
retainers
temporary anchorage devices
polished study models
somnomed®
somnodent® fusion
somnodent avant™
somnodent® flex
somnodent® edentulous
somnomed® doctors


print hub

digital bracket removal
customer portal
digital study models solutions
intraoral scanners


smile 3d clear aligners
about us

working with jj thompson
careers
our commitment to quality
history of jj thompson
news & blog
useful documents


make an enquiry
 

 












 





 



 





 


receiving great feedback from happy customers always puts a smile on my face
lee daniel, lab manager 





 


the best part of my job? making a small appliance that has a huge impact on the patient’s life
leigh hall, head of fixed appliance department 





 


the best part of my job is working with cutting-edge 3d printers.
anthony (ant) emmett, digital technician 









 jj thompson orthodontic appliances is a specialist orthodontic laboratory based in sheffield. it is part of the bupa dental care labs group. 
 our skilled technicians work to the highest standards and put our 65+ years’ experience into every appliance we make. 






						quality						






						experience						






						innovation						






						first class service						







digital services

we believe there is huge potential in digital dentistry. we’ve invested in the latest technology and now we’re committed to taking our customers on the same journey.







smile3d is jj thompson’s clear aligner solution and is ideal for mild to moderate malocclusions. the treatment plan can be designed around any type of traditional impression or intra-oral scanner.
learn more


smilefile
smilefile is our convenient, low-cost digital solution for orthodontic practices. it takes all the hassle out of creating study models, par scoring and storage.  
learn more


digital bracket placement
our computer-aided bracket placement service determines the exact digital placement coordinates for each bracket.  
learn more


intraoral scanners
we are a ‘linked lab’ to all the top intraoral scanners and have our own secure transfer portal. so you can easily send your patients’ digital files to us in an instant.  
learn more






our products
a great deal of skill and hard work goes into every appliance we make. our team can accommodate any number of design variations and you can be confident that your appliance will be finished to the most exacting standards.








somnomed
somnomed® is the global leader in coat™ (continuous open airway therapy) and provides clinically proven diagnostic and treatment options for sleep-related breathing disorders.
learn more









pressure formed appliances
we use the highest quality pressure forming machines and materials on the market to create a huge range of appliances from mouthguards to bleaching trays.
learn more









functional appliances
functional appliances use the principle of growth guidance. they use the natural growth potential of the patient to effect change.
learn more









polished study models
our skilled technicians will pour your impression with our vacuum-mixed, super-white orthodontic plaster.
learn more









active appliances
active appliances are used to effect tooth movement. our active appliances are all custom-made for your patients, and the design variations are endless.
learn more









retainers
jj thompson can expertly create your preferred retention appliances with any number of modifications to meet your patients’ needs.
learn more









                latest news & blog            





sep7                        
news


                                british orthodontic conference 2021                            

jj thompson and sister company eurodontic are at stand no. 7 at the british orthodontic conference next week! we are so relieved to be participating in a conference this year, and it looks like its going to be a good one – well-organised with a digital helping and hopefully lots of fun too.
read article





jun28                        
news


                                digital dentistry – it’s time to take the leap                            

over the last decade, the world of dentistry and orthodontics has changed beyond all recognition. many of you will have already taken the leap into digital dentistry and well and truly found your feet. others among you may have just taken your first steps. and if you’re still watching and waiting, now is the time to get moving, or risk being left behind.
read article





feb9                        
news


                                somnomed hosts sleep medicine seminars                            

every tuesday in january, dentists interested in dental sleep medicine had the opportunity to attend an amazing series of webinars facilitated by one of jj thompson’s valued suppliers, somnomed®.
read article





jun16                        
news


                                how we can help                            

as we popped the corks and sang auld lang syne on december 31st 2019, none of us could have imagined what 2020 had in store for us, not just in the uk and europe, but right across the globe.
read article









contact us today
let’s take the next step. for an informal chat about how your practice could benefit from working with us, just get in touch.





            0114 275 9585
          




            info@jjthompson.co.uk
          




            enquiry form
          








jj thompson, 95 hill street, sheffield, s2 4sp, united kingdom














© 2021 jj thompson. reg no. 812727. 
          j.j. thompson (orthodontic appliances) limited. registered in england wales no: 00812727. 
          registered office:  bupa dental care, vantage office park, old gloucester road, hambrook, bristol, united kingdom bs16 1gw.

privacy and cookies policy
cookie settings

































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







