

civics and politics













 











web stats



news and political links

america's
voices
the american
mind
americans for fair
taxation
americans for tax reform
american policy center
the
american spectator
the arena of
ideas--education issues
the ayn rand institute
badeagle.com
the first website for american indian patriots, and the only voice of conservative 
american indian thought.
blue eagle commentary
boycottcbs.com
don't let the hollywood left smear the reagans and the reagan legacy.
california young republicans
capitalism magazine--in
defense of individual rights
the
capitalist conservative
center for the american
founding
the center for the moral defense of
capitalism
citizens against government waste
citizens
for constitutional government
citizens of america
club for
growth
the committee for justice
end democrats' obstruction of judicial nominees.
the common
conservative
common sense
americanism
common sense
americanism document library
the competitive enterprise institute
conservababes
conservachicks
the conservative caucus
conservative
headquarters.com
the constitution society
c-span
cybercast news
service
the daily outrage
the daily republican
newspaper
your answer to liberal media bias and political correctness
deb's excellent political
pagesfeaturing rush limbaugh
democrats:  the anti-freedom slavery party
dorothy
rabinowitz's media log
drudge
report
enterstageright
environmental literacy
council
ether zonethe intelligent alternative
news and opinion source
extremist kids
because moderation is getting out of hand!

the federalist
flipflopper.comexposing senator john kerry one issue at a time
fox news
free congress foundation
free republic
friends of liberty
the future of freedom foundation
gun owners of america
hands off the
internet
heritage
foundation
home school legal defense
association
how to stop
the democrats!
the institute for american
liberty
the intent of america's founding fathers
jews for the preservation of firearms
ownership
the john birch society
judicial watch
junkscience.com
the ken hamblin home page
landmark legal
foundation
the liberty
committee
the ludwig von mises institute
maxtaxa movement to limit
taxes
men's news daily
mothers' armsprotecting what's
ours
mountain
states legal foundation
the national anxiety center
online:your information source for media
scare campaigns
national review
national rifle association
neal boortz home page
newsbull
is your news bully or bull?
newsmax
political
rant newsletter
the reagan information interchange
reagan2020
roll call
rush limbaugh
sierra
times
skeleton closet:  scandals of
presidential candidates
taking
back america newsletter
thomas sowell home page
townhall.com
trim--lower taxes through smaller
government
u.s. veterans dispatch
walter e. williams home page
washington times
the weekly standard
wintersoldier.com
john kerry smears the troops: the new soldier
worldnetdaily
"you don't say"

government watchdogs

customs corruption.com
ever vigilant
government accountability project
government information awareness

media watchdogs

accuracy in media
frankenlies.com
al franken's lies and the lying liars who tell them.
media research center
ratherbiased.com
dan rather:  america's most politicized journalist
spinsanity
countering rhetoric with reason.
texas media watch
a balanced view of the texas press
timeswatch.org


united states submarine service links

a 1776 submarine
the turtle
uss bowfin
cyberspace association of u.s. submariners

fast attacks and boomers--submarines in the cold war
uss growler museum
submarine vets, ltd.
st. marys submarine museum
st. marys, ga is the home of the atlantic coast's u.s. trident submarine base
submarine force museum
uss cod
groton, connecticut submarine museum
uss ling
historic ship uss nautilus
uss pampanito
us submarine veterans of world war ii
world war ii museum submarines

on the lighter side

c.j. burkes clinton joke
of the day page
klingonska academien
klingon academy
the onion
scrappleface
news fairly unbalanced.  we report.  you decipher.
slick.com




 

















contents


the "what's wrong with medicare?" page
the second amendment page
those high gasoline prices


background on osama bin laden
u.s. national security news
important documents


quotes
the way we see it--original commentary
constitutional matters page


big government alert page
defense issues
law and order


political watch
breaking u.s. politics
republican party news


culture
international
the economics page


the public education page
web rings
the independence day page


the california power mess page
the electoral college page
civics and politics on-line store






important
              documents
back to table of contents



the articles of confederation

competing plans for a  new constitution

the constitution of the confederate states of america
the declaration of independence
the federalist
papers

the
anti-federalist papers

united states code
the united states
constitution

the bill of rights
the other
amendments

the
wealth of nations


quotes:
back to table of contents


"if one rejects laissez faire on account of mans fallibility and moral weakness, one must for the same reason also reject every kind of government action."--ludwig von mises
"one of the traditional methods of imposing statism, or socialism, on a people has been by way of medicine. it's very easy to disguise a medical program as a humanitarian project. most people are a little reluctant to oppose anything that suggests medical care for people who possibly can't afford it."--ronald reagan
"there's a reason why the obama administration wanted to cram this massive spending bill through the congress by abe lincoln's birthday. speed is of the essence: the longer it lingers, the more details emerge, proving this egg is rotten to the core. republicans are now using those details to build skepticism about this freight train of partisan pork."--brent bozell, founder of the media research center
"you know how congress is. they'll vote for anything if the thing they vote for will turn around and vote for them. politics ain't nothing but reciprocity." --american humorist will rogers (1879-1935)
"big government is where nations go to die -- not in keynes' 'long run,' but sooner than you think."--columnist mark steyn
"americans now know that the 'change we can believe in,' which president obama promised, means a taxes-optional administration."--columnist debra saunders
"we can’t afford the bailout. and we certainly cannot afford the misnamed 'sweeteners' intended to buy the votes of house members. using money the government doesn’t have to persuade legislators to spend even more money they don’t have is a fiscal and moral outrage. turning normal bills into fiscal christmas trees is bad enough, but the administration’s and congressional leadership’s attempt to avoid a genuine vote on the merits of legislation so expensive and far-reaching is a travesty."
--bob barr, libertarian party nominee for president

"these two entities – fannie mae and freddie mac – are not facing any kind of financial crisis." 
--rep. barney frank, in rejecting a 2003 bush administration plan to reform the mortgage industry.

"the collection of taxes which are not absolutely required, which do not beyond reasonable doubt contribute to the public welfare, is only a species of legalized larceny. the wise and correct course to follow in taxation is not to destroy those who have already secured success, but to create conditions under which everyone will have a better chance to be successful."
--calvin coolidge

"if government subsidized beaches, we would have a shortage of sand."
--ronald reagan

"the government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you have."
--president gerald ford

"taxes are commonly a calamity for the people and a nightmare for the government.  for the former they are always
excessive; for the latter they are never enough, never too much."
--juan de mariana (1535–1624)



 


the way we see
it:
back to table of contents


balanced budget amendment reduxpeople go for ideas and slogans that sound cool, and don't take the time to research them to see if they're really wise. proposed balanced budget amendments--from henceforth referred to as "bbas"--have generally had provisions that would allow congress to raise taxes with a 2/3 majority vote. i could foresee that a bba would always trigger tax increases by a congress and a president who are unable to cut spending.
am i simpleminded about the tenth amendment?when i read the constitution and see its list of things that the federal government is authorized to do, i assume that those are the things that the government is authorized to do. when i read the tenth amendment and see that the federal government isn't authorized to do anything that's not in the list of authorized duties, then i assume that the federal government isn't authorized to do anything that's not authorized in the constitution. so, when i see that administering health care isn't in the list of authorized duties, i naturally assume that the federal government isn't authorized to administer health care.
the balanced budget amendment vs. the tenth amendmenti realize that i'm a bit at odds with most tea partiers over this issue, but i absolutely do not support the idea of passing a balanced budget amendment to the u.s. constitution.  while i see many problems with it, the biggest is that we already have a balanced budget amendment of sorts.  it's called the "tenth amendment".
my pledge of allegianceit was a sad day indeed when it dawned on me last week that i could no longer, in good conscience, recite the pledge of allegiance. ironic isn't it, that a former texas a&m university naval cadet and patriotic american citizen should find himself in such a position.by kurt nauck
what's wrong with social security?
recently, alan greenspan has shaken up the major news media with his testimony to congress about the health of the 
social security system.  headlines scream, "greenspan says that social security benefits must be cut!"  well, duh.
by donald a. tevault

john q., national health care and the hollywood left
denzel washington is a brilliant actor who wastes his talent by starring in some really stupid, poorly-written
movies.  i now only watch his movies whenever i happen to be someplace where one is playing on television.  that was
the case a few nights ago, when i saw john q. on the starz channel.
john q. isn't just a bad movie, though.  it's also a two-hour long propaganda piece that extols the
virtues of national, government-run health care.

the great disappointment!--president bush and big government
many outrage readers recoiled in fear from the idea of a gore
presidency.  what would happen if he were declared the winner of the
2000 election?
from the outrage.  used by permission.

the farce of campaign finance reform
the u.s. congress have just shredded the first amendment.  so, why hasn't
there been more of a public outcry?
why study civics?as
is the case with most every webmaster, i like to get a general idea of who
visits my site, and how people find
it.  so, a few weeks ago, i noticed from my hitbox statistics that someone had
found my site by asking a search engine, "why study civics?".  that is a good
question.  and, i believe that it deserves a good answer.  there are, after all,
some fairly important reasons.
economic lessons from the california
power messthe current mess in california proves how important it is
for everyone to have a good, soa good, solid understanding of basic
economics.  indeed, one has to wonder if anyone at all in california has even
the least bit of a grasp on this particular topic.
certainly, california's politicians don't.  the voters don't either, or else
they'd vote these rascals out of office.
adventures in watching cnni
never watch cnn because i choose to. the only time i ever watch cnn is when i just happen to be some place where someone else is
watching it. such was the case on thanksgiving day 2000, when i visited my aunt up in alpharetta, georgia. in a very short period of time, i pointed out to
her several instances of blatantly biased reporting.
should everyone vote?you've heard it all before.  "it's your civic duty to vote!
democracy depends on it!"  even mtv gets into the act with their ridiculous "rock the vote" campaign.  the main problem with this is that
too many people--dare i say, most people?--have absolutely no business coming within 100 yards of any polling booth. why?
simply because, they haven't a clue as to what
they're doing.
about those executive ordersthe subject of presidential executive orders has been a
controversial one for many years. while president clinton has made extensive
use of executive orders, he's not the first president to have done so. in fact, his uses of executive orders haven't always been the most
controversial.
the tenth amendment--forgotten, but
not gonethe founding  fathers of our country believed in a small
federal government with limited powers.  so, accordingly, they wrote a
constitution that is short, sweet and to the point.  in it, they enumerated
the powers and the duties of each branch of the federal government.  then, in
an attempt to ensure that the federal government would remain small and
unobtrusive, they added the bill of rights.  it's hard to read the news
without seeing something mentioned about one of these rights. one that's never
mentioned though, is the tenth amendment.  since the days of franklin delano
roosevelt, the tenth amendment has been completely ignored.  as a result, the
federal government is now doing all kinds of things that the constitution does
not authorize it to do.

law and order

 back
            to table of contents

more civilians killed last year in one mexican border town than in all of afghanistanmore civilians were killed last year in ciudad juarez, the mexican city across the border from el paso, texas, than were killed in all of afghanistan.
by edwin mora
investigation of 'antiwhite bias' grows
justice official accused of saying: no more cases against blacksby brian fitzpatrick
dem defends organization whose leader said 'kill crackers'
'panther party was trying to . . . level playing field'
“soft” censorship: honor killings that you won’t read abouti am talking about how rarely the american mainstream media covers honor killings committed in north america.by phylllis chesler
no mystery here
you don’t need a convoluted device to explain alexander litvinenko’s demise.
by charles krauthammer
more illegal aliens
tried in gang rapes
two new cases uncovered in unnoticed crime wave.



culture
 back to table
            of contents


secession and slaveryan interesting commentary, “lincoln, secession, and slavery” by tibor machan, published by the cato institute on june 1, 2002, was recently brought to my attention. i should say at the outset that i have long been a fan of machan, and have the utmost respect for his positions. i just think he got it way wrong here.
by scott mcpherson
taking gore seriously
the compounding probabilities of climate change alarmism.
by jonathan v. last
why would gays want children?
is there a more obvious product of heterosexual behavior than the creation of children? if so then isn't it somewhat peculiar that those who shun the behavior of heterosexuality so deeply crave the product that it brings?
by kevin mccullough
what's discrimination?
walter e. williams: if action were outlawed, life would 'turn into a carnival'
 superman needs an agent
here is this extraterrestrial with amazing powers. why, asks robert murphy, isn't he using his skills more productively?
garrison keillor regrets
this fine writer has a lousy political voice.
by lawrence henry
black-history month
ripped as 'ridiculous'
morgan freeman blasts label as divisive to all americans.
rosa parks and history
most people do not know the rest of the story, however. why was there racially segregated seating on public transportation in the first place?
by thomas sowell
ayn rand introduced me to libertarianism
my very first exposure to libertarianism was provided by ayn rand. . . 
by jacob g. hornberger
power to the papal
even fidel castro bows to the man who did so much to bring down communism.
by brendan miniter
 the misnamed conflict
the authors of a new book make the case that civil war and the confederate defeat resulted in an "ideological downfall" 
for the limited government established by the founders. laurence vance is the reviewer.
i wanna be sedated
johnny ramone was a bush punk for the ages.
by andrew cline
freedom vs. dependency
the civil rights act was a triumph. the war on poverty was a quagmire.
by myron magnet
the population implosion
can america be saved?
by nicholas eberstadt

 
 defense issues
 back to table of  contents
spending war
strategic cuts can give us a better military.
by brendan miniter
 
international
 back to
table of contents

adv.--year of the rat : how bill clinton compromised u.s. security for chinese cashwhile many political journalists largely
considered the second term of bill clinton's presidency in terms of his
romantic interludes, edward timperlake and william c. triplett ii follow up on
one of the more controversial scandals of the 1996 reelection campaign. the
democratic national committee was eventually forced to return $2.8 million in
illegal contributions, much of it from foreign nationals, and much of it
brought to the party by fundraising executive john huang.


fidel's favorite propagandist
how a new york times reporter's passion for castro led him astray.
by glenn garvin
a chinese co-prosperity sphere?
a resurgent china confronts japan.
by ernest w. lefever
armitage kim
how to talk to a dictator.
by daniel freedman
north korea threatens new york, washington
south checks out reports of plans for 2nd nuke test in next few days.
the dear leader's little nuke
was north korea's low-yield test explosion really a failure? maybe not.
by michael goldfarb
israel loses lebanon war
wnd jerusalem bureau chief says olmert restrained idf 'at every turn'
by aaron klein
southern corruption
the failures of mexico's government fuel illegal immigration.
by deroy murdock
'helping' africa to death
walter e. williams uses zimbabwe as evidence western aid makes things worse.

the palestinians' real problem is aid
we should have learned the lessons of africa: unconditional aid destroys economic growth and infantilizes its recipients.
by irwin m. stelzer
 a foreign aid disaster in the making
in the wake of the tsunami disaster in indonesia, governments throughout the world are doing what governments always do: 
throwing money at the problem, writes thomas dilorenzo.





political
watch
 back
            to table of contents

why a natural born president?while many elected officials, pundits and newscasters have trivialized the quest for barack hussein obama's birth certificate, there has been adjunct failure to address the essence of the constitutional provision requiring a natural born chief executive.
by waylon fortune
the debt ceiling gamethe latest installment in a decades-long series of showdowns on capitol hill over raising the statutory debt ceiling is imminent. the ceiling has been raised ten times in just the last nine years to make room for almost $8 trillion in additional debt. but the stakes are much higher this time around, as the electorate is showing increasing awareness of the danger of having allowed uncle sam to abuse his credit card.
by tad dehaven
has 'standing' been created in hunt for obama birth doc?
appellate judges threaten penalties for seeking president's informationby bob unruh
senate-seeker wants obama birth-certificate treatment
mexican-born candidate: 'if i didn't prove citizenship, i'd be removed from the ballot'by chelsea schilling
constitution of nothis exchange illustrates the way "yes we can" liberals treat the constitution: they simply ignore it when it gets in the way of their big-government bailouts and takeovers.by senator jim demint

obama administration wants govt control of mediajon leibowitz, the chairman of obama's federal trade commission, is at the epicenter of a quiet movement to subsidize news organizations, a first step toward government control of the media.
by: dick morris
guess who holds patent for carbon trading plan
disgraced fannie mae ceo set to cash in for millions
by jerome r. corsi
one mind-changing pagesometimes you can read a book that will change your mind on some fundamental issue. rarely, however, is there just one page that can undermine or destroy a widelyheld belief. but there is such a page – page 77 of the book "out of work" by richard vedder and lowell gallaway.by thomas sowell
“a republic—if you can keep it”
i had to look away and blink a couple of times before reading the email again. but it still said the same thing: “benjamin franklin said, ‘we have given you a democratic-republic… if you can keep it.”
by chip wood
our greatest presidents?in the 1940s and early '50s, a school of establishment historians existed who made it their business to extol the virtues of the "great presidents."by ralph raico
civil rights, and more liberal hypocrisy on racei recently wrote two articles in which i criticized liberals for being two-faced and hypocritical when it comes to racial issues.
by jacob g. hornberger
government keeps people poor
washington reruns are boring. a democrat beholden to big labor proposes an increase in the mandated minimum wage. republicans beholden to big (and small) business defeat the bill. end of episode. each side has thus reestablished its bona fides with its respective constituency and thus can return to what it really cares about - spending the people's money on war against this, that, or the other.
by sheldon richman
 martin van buren: the american gladstone
president martin van buren was the greatest president in american history, writes jeffrey rogers hummel.
are we a republic or a democracy?
walter e. williams: founding fathers would be deeply disappointed by betrayal of their vision.

back to table of contents


 
 
 









[next site]
[skip 1 site]
[next 5 sites]
[previous]
[random]
[join!]



  © 2011 truth in news press     



