






home | donnan














































































work
pricing
about
services
contact
 




 






















lift your b2b brand’s content strategy. 
							get started 
							


strategic content marketing is your brand’s most valuable inbound tool. 
							


starting with powerful seo analysis and optimization, we develop web copy, blogs, and ebooks that help you rise above the rest.     
							we are a momentum content-marketing, advertising, and web agency, serving b2b brands. momentum? every communication we create does double duty—brand and demand—to build momentum in your marketplace.  
							 








agree better.




docusign content strategy,
content, sales enablement
materials




see the work










agree better.




docusign content strategy, content, sales enablement materials




see the work










be apart.
create together.




source elements brand strategy, web content, outbound creative




see the work









visual collaboration.
visionary ideas.




bluescape brand, website, ads,
collateral




see the work











make information
actionable.




x1 brand evolution, infographics,
demand generation




see the work






 


 “donnan was called in to rebrand and create a completely new digital experience for this saas visual-workspace client. the deadline was insane, as were the number and frequency of changes. donnan delivered in ways i've never had an agency deliver. they stepped in when another agency completely dropped the ball; rewrote all the content that was poorly written; and patiently taught and coached a very junior marketing team on brand, marketing, and digital basics. the results were truly amazing and exceeded expectations—including an inbound conversion rate jump from < 1% to 9% on gated assets.”

 
christine crandell
interim cmo





 “donnan’s creativity and talent knows no bounds. they excel at coming up with creative brand strategies that truly differentiate the company or solution they’re tasked with branding, then know how to translate that into superb creative work across all communications channels. donnan is willing to do whatever it takes to achieve success. after donnan’s brand evolution of obo, which included seo, responsive site redesign, and inbound demand generation, our web traffic increased by 100% over a 1-year period.”

 
julie gibbs
cmo





 “as a creative consultancy, donnan must be brilliant and is. they are particularly gifted in that the team and their work are accessible – and by that, i mean they don’t make the creative process something exclusive. kirk easily collaborates with people like me, who lack artistic sensibilities, to come up with concepts that effectively communicate the message; he is a consummate professional. donnan’s responsive internal campaign templates for webcor increased internal comms share of mind by 74% (measured by an internal survey).”

 
adrienne alessandro
sr. dir. internal comms





 “donnan has a team of highly talented and experienced content strategists, and kirk is one of the best wordsmiths i have worked with. he has made even the driest topics come to life, and always goes above and beyond to research content by interviewing experts in our industry. the team at donnan is also exceptionally well versed in seo strategies. these have gained us web visitors, followers on our social channels, and traffic for our paid/organic ads and lead generation.”

 
natasha mendez
head of demand generation





 “donnan invested an incredible amount of energy in a major rebranding effort with us during trying pandemic times. they’re so dedicated to excellent work—our new website and brand personality are full of confidence and positivity. donnan’s content team wrote all the new text for the website, as well as generated user personas, buyer journeys, forms and so much more. we couldn't have known before we started how thorough their work is and we're just delighted.”

 
rebekah wilson
ceo





 “donnan is my go-to marketing/design/seo agency. i know whenever we engage their team for a project, the process will be seamless, creative, and professional, always including insights that take a concept to reality with a spark that makes the work stand out in the market. we recently asked donnan to assist with a re-brand of our product line and website design. they collaborated with us to develop a concept that visually presented our story to the market succinctly and beautifully. our response rate has increased significantly with the new branding and launch of the site. it’s an absolute pleasure to work with donnan—a true gem.”

 
karen haworth
head of marketing






 






get your weekly marcom fix
a powerful growth marketing tip every 7 days










 

address 1250 borregas ave.
sunnyvale ca 94089
google maps

 

contact m: 415.819.1131
o: 408.530.9661
e: kirk@donnan.com

 

navigatework
pricing
about
services
contact
 

social 

 

 







© donnan creative strategy 

 

 














work
pricing
about
services
contact
 

















































privacy policy
cookie policy
terms and conditions





















 


