

















home - quincy community theatre










































 



  skip to content












buy tickets
season ticket login




home
box office

upcoming shows
season tickets
gift certificates
qct merch store


education & outreach

classes
student theatre
qct playwriting festival
teaching artists
for educators
financial aid


volunteer
auditions
support us

ways to give
advertise


about

the theatre
staff & board
contact us
blog
employment opportunities
costume rentals










homebox officeupcoming showsseason ticketsgift certificatesqct merch storeeducation & outreachclassesstudent theatreqct playwriting festivalteaching artistsfor educatorsfinancial aidvolunteerauditionssupport usways to giveadvertiseaboutthe theatrestaff & boardcontact usblogemployment opportunitiescostume rentals 














 



 



 













volunteer with us today
no matter which volunteer opportunity you choose, you play a vital role in creating something unforgettable. experience the qct connection and get started today!



start today





coming soon









learn more






learn more






learn more
















quincy community theatre’s mission is to offer and perpetuate quality theatre entertainment and education through community participation.
through productions, outreach and classes, qct will use theatre as a means to engage, create, and transform.






education
qct is proud of its education program and believes in the lasting impact it can make on a student and its community; therefore, a full-time, professional staff is employed to ensure the quality of the work is at its highest. our theatre is looked upon as a safe haven. students of all ages can enroll in our programs, knowing that they will be treated with respect and will exit our doors as confident, disciplined, respectful individuals.



classes
qct’s education opportunities are perfect for performers of all ages and experience levels. classes are offered for students and adults over three sessions: spring, summer, and fall.

learn more




workshops & tours
let qct come to your classroom or organization with one of our theatre workshops. or come to us for a tour of our beautiful facility.

learn more




scholarships
we believe theatre education opportunities should be available to all students in our area. qct offers three different scholarships to help make that happen.

learn more






what is the organization that inspires over25,000 members of our community each year?


the answer: quincy community theatre.
won’t you join us by giving a generous donation today? without you, we will not be able to continue our mission to offer and perpetuate quality theatre entertainment and education for years to come.


donate today!










connect with us
follow us on social media to stay up to date on all the new things we’ve been up to! get a full detailed newsletter by signing up today!






sign up

 




shop our amazon wishlist
support quincy community theatre by shopping our amazon wish list and getting us the office and backstage supplies we need.
shop amazon











300 civic center plaza, suite 118
quincy, il 62301
p: 217-222-3209
e: qct@1qct.org


a thank you to our sponsors


season sponsors
 

media sponsors

 







      box office hours: monday–friday 10am to 5pm | one hour before curtain on performance nights
    

      copyright 2025 quincy community theatre. all rights reserved. website by the relish jar



















