










edjoin - the nation's #1 education job board





































attention: support-desk closed for holiday observance

finish reading











                        the edjoin help desk will be closed on monday, february 17th, and tuesday, february 18th, in observance of president's day.
                        for any assistance, please email edjoinhelpdesk@sjcoe.net.
                    

















(current)



 region search(current)


 events(current)


 post a job(current)



 login / register
                        

login
register























login

×





                            you must be logged in to add this job to your wishlist.
                            if you do not have an account, please register for an account.




username



password




keep me logged in
 keep me logged in
for security reasons, we do not recommend using the “keep me logged in” option on public devices.


forgot username or password?



login



or

















reset your password

×




is this your email @?
email hidden field, ignore this

this input is a hidden field, ignore this

this input is a hidden field, ignore this

enter email address to retrieve your username and/or reset your password.

email

the email you entered does not match the account record. please try again, or contact the edjoin help desk for assistance.




send email



please enter a username or email address.
we found multiple accounts associated with this email address. please contact our help desk for assistance.
no valid email address associated with username provided. please contact our help desk for assistance.
username / email not found in the system. please contact our help desk for assistance.










×



are you sure?

                            for security reasons, we do not recommend using the “keep me logged in” option on public devices.
                            click continue to move forward with stay logged in.
                        


continue










×
verify your email address

                        we recently updated the security of this site and all account emails must be verified to login.
                        click the button below to send a verification link to the email address () tied to your account.
                    


send verification email








                    as of january 1, 2025, in accordance with education code section 44939.5 (as amended by california ab2534) applicants for certificated positions are required by law to provide a complete list of every school district, county office of education, charter school and/or state special school with which you have previously been employed, regardless of the length of service.
                    please include any part-time and/or substitution work in addition to any full-time employment positions.
                    failure to disclose any previous educational employment may result in the disqualification of your application and/or may be deemed dishonesty in the hiring process and subject to discharge should you become employed.
                





find your dream job today

                        edjoin is the leading educational job site in the united states, offering a wide range of job opportunities in the education sector. edjoin makes it easy for educators and educational professionals to find positions that match their skills, experience, and career goals.
                    



county office, district or job title



city, state, county or zip code



search now!







sponsors




choose from a category below to start your search
don't see a category that fits you? use the search bar to find many more types of jobs












 teacher







 coach




 


 counselor







nursing / health




 


clerical 









it / technology




 



                            facilities / maintenance
                        




 



                            management
                        




 


food service








                            paraprofessional / aide
                        



 


most recent job posting






sponsors








 




about edjoin
edjoin is the number one education job site. find your next great job today.












follow us on 











                        copyright © 2000-2025 by




                        all rights reserved.
                        

                            privacy policy
                        



codestack sites


  codestack
                        




  seis
                        




  edjoin
                        




  promis
                        

 

  beyond sst
                        




  








session expiring warning
×



                        for your safety and protection, your session is about to expire.
                        if you wish to continue your session, please click ok.
                    



ok

















































