


home - wildcat cliffs country club


















































skip to main contentexplore our spotlight in nc living magazine! click here.menu ☰
loading ...

  login   membership information ×

homethe clubgolfcroquetracquet sportsfitness & recreationlakeside parksocial activitesglenville lake clubmembership
membership inquiry
communitycontact us

  welcome to wildcat cliffscelebrating life's special moments together.our club lies gently at the lush, green feet of north carolina's majestic whiteside mountain at 4250 ft. elevation and is filled with the camaraderie and friendliness of our members. these pleasures make wildcat cliffs the place to spend your summers, your falls . . . your seasons of a lifetime. 





the club


our warm and inviting clubhouse is the social hub amidst the majestic mountains. join us for exquisite dining, refreshing drinks, cozy lounging, and unforgettable events. be a part of a close-knit community, surrounded by breathtaking views.

explore the club










golf


play on one of the finest courses in the area, with practice facilities adjacent to the golf shop.

explore golf








croquet


croquet at wildcat cliffs is enjoyed by players of all levels from beginner to advanced, including both men and women.

explore croquet








racquet sports


wildcat cliffs members and their guests enjoy tennis on two meticulously maintained clay tennis courts.

explore racquet sports








fitness & recreation


our fitness center features state-of-the-art exercise equipment, a heated indoor pool, a 12-foot hot tub, and much more!

explore fitness & recreation










lakeside park


wildcat cliffs offers a number of attractive facilities adjacent to its fitness & recreation center.

explore lakeside park








social activities


our members enjoy and participate in a wide variety of social activities and interest groups.

explore social activities








glenville  lake club


nestled on the shores of beautiful lake glenville, a short 15-minute drive from wildcat cliffs.

explore glenville  lake club










learn more about the wildcat family


membership in wildcat cliffs country club is by invitation only.

explore membership




770 country club drive highlands, nc 28741-7333 (828) 526-2165communications@wildcatccc.comfacebookfind us on instagramyoutube© wildcat cliffs country club. all rights reserved.


