






miniature donkeys at the elms miniature donkey farm










  





  




  




  




  




 
 miniature donkeys in sorrel, black, and dark colors


 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  




elms 
        farm miniature donkeys

conformation,  color, disposition

the 
        elms farm is pleased to offer quality, registered miniature mediterranean donkeys for breeding, 
        show, pets, companions, driving or just for enjoyment.  let us show you how a mini 
        donkey can improve your life.  we hope you will consider us as your source for miniature 
        donkeys.

we concentrate only on miniature donkeys

we have reduced the size of our herd and now have two breeding programs. we have a small group of black and dark spotted jennets to breed for black and white spotted donkeys. our other program is breeding wooly donkeys, with the goal of improving the quality of the long haired trait, and increasing the time that the wooly donkeys express the trait. currently, many wooly donkeys do not maintain the trait into adulthood. in addition, in general, the wooly lines are closely related. we have spent some years developing our out-cross blood lines with the wooly trait and the sought after longevity, to breed to our wooly jennets.

our breed stock has been carefully selected after studying each donkey’s   conformation, pedigree, color, disposition, and hair quality. this allows us to   work with genetically desirable donkeys, representing strong, unrelated, diverse   pedigrees. each mating is carefully planned to strengthen the genetics   contributed by the parents. using this approach, we strive to continually   improve the miniature donkey breed.
our donkey herd
please visit our herd sire page for pictures, pedigrees, and further   descriptions of these jacks.  we are breeding with the proven genetics of rembrandt, black knight, and orion.  we also have several 2 and 3 year old jacks to start for our wooly programs, sons of mgf musketeer and gjr little red hairy.

 our breeding jacks are: 

 mgf black knight, 32½" black w/cross (black russian son), senior herd sire
            the elms rembrandt, 31 7/8” black w/cross (black knight son), proven herd   sire
            the elms orion, 33” dk brown/white spotted, super wooly (musketeer son), proven herd sire
            the elms fuzzy wuzzy, black/white spotted, wooly (musketeer son)
            the elms tip top, brown/white spotted, wooly (little red hairy   son) 
            the elms guiness, black/white spotted, super wooly (little red hairy son)
            the elms shadow, 34” black, super wooly (musketeer son)
            the elms little hairy dude, dk brown, super wooly (little red hairy son)


we 
        have selected a very genetically diverse herd to work with. this diversity in bloodlines 
        allows us to select the jennet and jack to improve conformation and produce the most desirable 
        colors. our vision is to breed donkeys with straight legs, square and balanced builds, well 
        muscled, with perfect teeth. temperament is important, and our donkeys are gentle and friendly. 
        we are working towards this goal primarily with rich colors of brown, sorrel and black.



what this means to you
you 
          can be assured that we have only healthy, top quality stock, representing the best of the 
          miniature donkey breed. all of our donkeys are handled frequently, and receive regular vaccinations, 
          worming and hoof care.  we know our donkeys well.  any question you may have about 
          any one of our donkeys, can be answered.
our 
          service
we view a sale as the beginning of a relationship with 
          you, not the end.

          having known each of our donkeys as individuals, we are interested 
          that new owners know how to care for them.  we are always available for consultation 
          either by e-mail or by calling our telephone 
          number listed at the bottom of this page.

          we would appreciate the opportunity to 
          become your supplier of quality, registered miniature donkeys. visitors are always 
          welcome and it is always a joy to show you our fascinating miniature donkeys first hand. 
          we look forward to discussing these affectionate, endearing animals with you.

~ 
          martha & dowell howard




 
    ~ contents ~ 
  

 
  
  



  
     
 
  




  
    martha 
& dowell howard 5600 bethany road mason, ohio  45040-9245
 usa (513) 398-3341
 ( email: 
 donkeys@donkeys.net
last
          updated:
          

 web
                design by dayle haworth
                copyright © 2001 ~ the elms farm ~ all rights reserved







