
















































celebrating the best african american books and authors, home of the african american literature book club









































































books
authors
reviews
events
resources

discussion


search 
check out 











celebrating black books since 1998








book information


































































discover our curated and expanding collection of black literature spanning a century. explore reviews, bestsellers, award winners, excerpts, publisher details, and diverse purchase options. visit our books section ►


author profiles






shirley neal, author, tv producer




dorothy elizabeth love, passionate storyteller




angela shanté, national book award finalist




vashti harrison, acclaimed children’s book auther




d. amari jackson, auhor jelani’s key





judy c. andrews, poet and novelist




vincent l. johnson, picture book author




mariahadessa ekere tallie, poet




danielle spencer, government whistleblower




gena cox, author and psychologist





davina wardchristian life coach




jake sloan one of the original 21ers




lisa stringfellow, author and educator




dr. william byrd, financial coach




terry wells-jones, one of the first black models



explore profiles of over 7,000 authors and illustrators, featuring biographies, published works, interviews, videos, and more. discover writers across every genre from the u.s., africa, and the african diaspora. visit our authors section ►
book reviews

































































































browse nearly 1,200 book reviews and hundreds of film critiques, offering diverse insights and perspectives. visit our reviews section ►

book festivals and events


explore nearly 150 upcoming book fairs and conferences over the next year, plus videos, articles, and photos from events we've covered since 1998. visit our events section ►
resources for writers & publishers





edit
        





print
        





promote
        





host
        



 




sell
        



discover invaluable resources for professional and aspiring writers, including manuscript editing, book printing, tools, and articles to craft your best book. explore lists of bookstores, book clubs, websites, and advertising options to connect with readers. visit our resources section ► 
discussion forums


we hold interesting conversions on black literature, culture, blogging and website strategies, poetry, and more. share your ideas and join the conversation ► 
#readingblack


the mission of #readingblack is to encourage everyone to read quality books written by black people and to purchase those books from independent booksellers. we strive to develop strategies that will make it easier for book buyers to support our mission. join the #readingblack movement.





















































  



★
about us ⋅ 
faq ⋅ 
privacy ⋅ 
advertise ⋅ 
store policies ⋅ 
© 1997–2025, all rights reserved, african american literature book club, aalbc.com, llc  ✉
   ☎































