






super duty docks and lifts – super duty docks and lifts









































call today! (501) 525-0000501-525-0000














 


home
access lifts
boardwalk & piers
boat & pwc lifts

jet docks
ozark boat lifts
shoremaster


boat docks

residential boat docks
commercial boat docks
dock conversions
accessories & options

bumpers
concrete decking
dock rollers
ladders
tie off cleats


dock building
dock components


seawalls
permitting & warranty

permitting
warranty


contact us






home
access lifts
boardwalk & piers
boat & pwc lifts

- jet docks
- ozark boat lifts
- shoremaster


boat docks

- residential boat docks
- commercial boat docks
- dock conversions
- accessories & options

- - bumpers
- - concrete decking
- - dock rollers
- - ladders
- - tie off cleats


- dock building
- dock components


seawalls
permitting & warranty

- permitting
- warranty


contact us


















 super duty docks & lifts offers the highest quality products in the industry. we started approximately thirty years ago repairing our competitor’s boat docks and lifts, and quite frankly, didn’t like what we saw. we knew we could build a better boat dock that could withstand the tough abuse it would get here on busy lake hamilton and the surrounding lakes and offer a better boat lift to our fast-growing customer base. word spread fast about the superior quality product we were offering and soon we were installing our custom built boat docks across the nation. you can now find super duty boat docks from coast to coast. we don’t have to work hard to sell our docks . . . their superior quality literally sell themselves.
the custom docks we manufacture are tough, durable, and made to last years of rugged use and abuse yet they look like a million bucks when we add the finishing details. we build them to your specifications to suit your situation. we’ll build them any size, shape or color you could dream of. we’re not finished until you are 100% satisfied with the completed product.
we sell the best boat lifts we could find for both deep and shallow water applications and for any size boat you might have. if you need a drive-on dock for your personal watercraft we sell the best in the business. as a matter of fact, we are the exclusive dealer of jetdock and shoremaster products in arkansas. we believe these products to be of the highest quality in the marine industry or we wouldn’t sell them.
in addition to our great new custom docks, we also install and service previously owned boat docks and lifts when available. for information on our used merchandise, it’s best to phone us for availability. our inventory changes daily. feel free to email or call us about new & used boat docks, lifts, and personal watercraft lifts. we have a large supply of used products.





			copyright 2019, super duty docks.			

















