

tmg tips homepage












the master genealogist



tmg
    tips



users may find something on this and the linked pages that will help
them to 
use tmg and allow them to take greater advantage of all its capabilities. 

the
master genealogist (tmg) is available for sale and download from the wholly 
genes software web store.  also there you may order a 
number of companion products to help
you derive the most from your new purchase.  a book was written in 2002 by 
users of tmg.  the book is also available through the wholly genes web 
site. for more information about the
book, click here. 
  tmgw v5.x, v6.x, 
and v7  tips and suggestions
john cardinal has updated his tmg utility program to work
with version 5.x and 6.x.  you may learn more about this very useful program at his
web site. 
with the exception of the above, the rest of this site is
primarily designed for users of all versions of tmg.  while much has changed about tmg 
from v4.x to v5.x to v6.x, and to v7, there is a lot that is the same.  the basic concepts and even the
look of tmg (although changed considerably) should be recognizable to anyone comparing the two.  the
remaining pages here will be revised over time to reflect the differences in tmg
v5.x, v6.x, and v7 over the earlier versions.  in the meantime, the pages are left to
allow user to gain what they can from them.  in most cases users will be
able to easily see the differences.  if you have questions, you can usually
get quick answers from the tmg mailing list (see below) or from tech
support at wholly genes. 

getting the most out of the master
genealogist
errata


a study
    guide or lesson plan outline to help learn tmg. 
many users have questions about the tmg sources, source categories and their templates, the various tag types, tag and witness sentences, and the variables that make up
    the sentences.  much of this information is proprietary to tmg,
    but may be seen on various pages that give added information about them. 
various other pages containing tutorials and articles
    discussing things of interest to tmg users. 
 tmg tips articles written for everton's genealogical helper
    magazine (from sep 1997 through dec 2001).
 timeline files that have been created for use
    with tmg and ftst are available for downloading. (all versions of tmg).
  tips, hints, and helps from other users

is included as a place to find many tips from other users.  anyone wishing
me to post their contribution here, please let me know.  this page is
somewhat of a hodge-podge of information at this time, but i plan on
re-organizing it soon.  just scroll down the page and i am sure you will
find something of interest to you.
 some users of tmg v4x are missing the import.ini
      file in their installation which may be downloaded 
	by clicking here, and unziping the file into the tmgw folder/directory. 
 my wishlist items for implementation into tmg.
	
 some unusual uses of tmg.


tmg and ftst
online: 

            
many users of tmg and ftst enjoy the benefits of the tmg or ftst mailing list as 
a way to discuss how to use the program to its best advantage.  these 
discussions are with other users both beginners and experts and all in between.  
for more information and how to subscribe (free), check out
this page.
 
my personal home page contains a number of
tmg-created pages that tmg users may find interesting.

links to other website with tmg information and helps: 


 
  's  tmg page (tips on adding census data).
   
  's  cook family home page (cook and sortore surnames, plus northern cheyenne and north carolina research and some tmg links)
 
   (maker of the master genealogist - the complete genealogy project management tool!)
learn about or download  
  's  tmg utility program available both for tmg.  this site also has information about john's other tmg-related programs 
	like:  on this day (otd) and mocakebi. 
    you may also learn about john's second site program for easily and  
	"automatically" producing very nice web sites
    from tmg.
 
   has also posted some articles about tmg on his website.
 
   has created some custom source categories that he discusses on his website.

   has developed a program to help manage your exhibits.  learn more
    about pathwiz!






send comments to: 





last revised: 



 



