





world links international adoption agency














































skip to content


world links
international adoption agency







home
adoption programs

ukrainian adoption program
kyrgyzstan adoption program
bulgarian adoption program


home study
our story
contact us
 










adoption programs overview







over the years, my parents and i have gotten closer. i love them so much, and they are the best parents anyone could ask for.




 jenny, adoptive daughter 






hundreds of children found permanent loving families through our programs. thousands more are waiting.

being a parent doesn’t get enough credit lately, but it should. being a good parent is hard work, but that eternal bond that you build with your child, that sparkle in her eyes when she talks to you, that feeling of being a family is what makes it all worth it.

that is what our families tell us, and that is what makes us work even harder every day. we know that there are more children waiting, and there are more parents anxious to fill that void in their heart, and they trust us to help them find each other.

this could be your first ever glance into international adoption, or you may know just about everything there is to know about it, but be it the former or the latter – you are a hero in our eyes.

every day we work hard to find families for children, and everyone who opens their heart, who shares their love, who welcomes a child into their family is both a hero, and a parent.

children depend on us. you depend on us. we never take that trust for granted.





we’ve built the adoption agency we’d want to work with. we hope you do too.


1it’s your decision
decision to adopt is probably one of the most important and life changing decisions you will ever make. we understand and are here to help every step of the way.


2great service is everything
we’re recognized for expediency and professionalism, and we take great pride in that. we work hard to make sure the process is easy for you.


3clarity is paramount
the process of international adoption is complex enough, we take the unnecessary confusion out of it, explaining everything clearly and honestly.


4in your best interest
there is no hidden agenda, we come in every day and work hard to help children and families find each other. we work for you and answer to you.


5the basics
we never forget the core principals of our agency: great service, honesty, respect, deserving your trust, and working in the best interest of children and families.


6no hidden fees or secret prices
we believe that you should know the fees involved, and not be caught by surprise halfway through the process, so fees are clearly explained right from the start.


7it should be easy
international adoption is a complex process guided by laws of different countries, and a subject to intercountry conventions. complex doesn’t have to be difficult.


8paperwork that makes sense
our service agreements are some of the shortest in the field of adoption, designed to guide the process and outline responsibilities, not to confuse or bewilder you.







projects

this area of our front page was very dear to us, as it contained an overview of our humanitarian projects, the projects we’ve dedicated years, and even decades, to and poured our hearts and souls into.
however, as the global pandemic is ravaging the world around us – things had to change and each and every one of projects is now on hold. 
we hope to, one day, restore our projects and even expand them beyond what they were before, because in the aftermath of the pandemic – our help will be needed more than ever. 
so, we’ll keep updating this section of the front page and work on the projects section of our site to reflect the work we’re doing. 












				more about world links
			
sign up for our newsletter
like us on facebook
know our story

contact us
privacy policy - terms and conditions - refund policy - client policies

			
			copyright © 1996-2025 world links international adoption agency.
			
			

















