







brevard county tax collector - lisa cullen, cfc













































 










office locationscontact us




a
a
a


lisa cullen, cfc
brevard county tax collector
search or pay onlinemake appointmenti want to...




menu 



welcome to thebrevard  county tax  collector’s  officeserving our citizensmake appointmentimportant announcements:

temporary closure: titusville branch office located at 800 s park ave, titusville, fl 32780 will be temporarily closed to the public as of nov. 18th due to renovations. we estimate the project will be completed by late spring 2025. 
service alert: we are unable to process florida birth certificate transactions at this time. we apologize for the inconvenience.   

new service:  title and registration transfers online.  click here to apply for or transfer ownership online.   

new service: the viera, titusville-gcn, merritt island, and palm bay offices  now offer replacement concealed weapon licenses. click here to schedule an appointment for cwl services
appointments are suggested for service and available for brevard residents only. 
concealed weapon license applications & renewals require an appointment.  click here to schedule an appointment. 

renewing your registration online is quick and easy. click here to renew online.
we're hiring! click here to apply online.

 brevard  county  tax  collector’s  officethank  you  for  visiting  the  brevard  county  tax  collector  website.  we  are  focused  on  providing  quick  access  to  the  resources  and  information  you  need  to  connect  and  communicate  with  us.  our  team  is  prepared  to  assist  you  with  any  questions  you  may  have  about  property  taxes,  motorist  services,  vehicle  and  vessel  registrations,  business  services,  and  anything  else  related  to  our  office  services.  we  also  have  branch  offices  located  throughout  brevard  county  to  assist  you  in-person. get to know your tax collectorget to know your tax collectorservicesproperty taxeslearn moremotorist serviceslearn moretourist development taxlearn moretangible personal property taxlearn morebusiness tax receiptslearn moreconcealed weapon licenseslearn morebirth certificateslearn morehunting & fishing licenseslearn more renew & print registrations
on your own timerenew your vehicle registration at a self-service kiosk.  it’s fast and convenient!  the kiosk will print your new registration and decal within minutes.
kiosks are available at the following publix locations:palm crossings
145 palm bay rd
west melbourne, fl 32904post commons
4100 n wickham rd
melbourne, fl 32935learn moremost frequently asked questionsmy  tax  bill  has  the  incorrect  mailing  address.    how  do  i  update  it?contact the property appraiser’s office at 321-264-6700 or visit their website at www.bcpao.us.i  do  not  agree  with  the  assessed  value,  taxable  value,  or  exemption.    who  do  i  talk  to  about  this?  the property appraiser’s office is responsible for the assessed value and all exemptions. please contact their office at 321-264-6700 or visit their website at www.bcpao.us. when  do  my  taxes  become  delinquent?april  1st.do  you  honor  the  postmark  for  payment? yes,  for  the  period  of  november  1  through  march  31  for  the  annual  tax  bill.    even  if  we  do  not  receive  your  payment  until  the  next  month,  we  will  honor  the  postmark  of  the  u.s.  postal  service.if  i  am  not  the  owner  of  the  property  and  i  pay  the  taxes  do  i  get  ownership  of  the  property? no. anyone  may  pay  the  taxes,  but  this  does  not  give  you  ownership  rights  to  the  property.more faqs




© 2018 brevard county tax collector's office. all rights reserved.helpful links pay taxes online renew registration schedule an appointment contact us online servicessearch our sitesearchsubmitclearthe brevard county tax collector’s office is committed to ensuring website accessibility for people with disabilities. to report an ada accessibility issue, request accessibility assistance regarding our website content, or to request a specific electronic format, please contact the office at (321) 264-6930 or visit the contact us page to send an electronic message. 
we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate all needs.
under f.s. 668.6076, email addresses are public records. if you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. the accuracy of the information provided on this website is not guaranteed for legal purposes. changes occur daily to the content. all content on this website, including but not limited to text, logos, buttons, icons and images, is property of the brevard county tax collector.

pay property taxeslookup a tax accountrenew vehicle registrationrenew drivers licenseprint an electronic titlepay & print business tax receiptspay tourist development taxapply for employmentask a questioncancel my appointmentproperty taxespay property taxestaxing authoritiestangible personal property taxnon-ad valorem assessmentsimportant dates & discount periodsinstallment optionshomestead tax deferral programexemption informationmunicipal service benefit unit (msbu)confidentiality requesttax certificate informationchange of address formlienhubmotorist servicesdriver’s licensestitles and registrationsrenew vehicle registration onlinetitle & registration transfers onlineprint an electronic title for a vehiclesurrender plate by mailsubmit documentsdisabled parking permitsvessel informationonline formsbusiness servicesbusiness tax receiptstourist development taxother servicesconcealed weapon licenseshunting & fishing licensesbirth certificatestsa precheckabout usimportant datesbudget & expenditurespublic records requestsoffice locationsemployment application
 
 
















