






rhinestone cowboy – the professional website for larry weiss

































 




skip to content





rhinestone cowboy
the professional website for larry weiss





    menu



about
awards
discography






search for:


  search







    search





search for:


  search











 

 




scroll
   










the latest news on larry weiss 







click here to the music video:
https://youtu.be/hnt-lcsmqow
 


bruce springsteen covers ‘rhinestone cowboy’
in november 2019, bruce springsteen released a film documentary in theaters world-wide, called ‘western stars’. it is a collection of his latest cd offering, backed by a 30 piece orchestra and an insightful film. at the last minute, he realized that he needed a song to close out the film’s soundtrack, and he chose my song, ‘rhinestone cowboy’ to fill that spot. 
i am honored to be a part of his great musical history!
lw







rhinestone cowboy “the musical”
some of the greatest songs came out of musicals. i grew up hearing a lot of them sung by of sinatra, bennett, mathis and cole. on my first album, ‘black and blue suite”, is the song ‘lead me on’, the door that opened thinking that one day, i could have a musical called ‘rhinestone cowboy’. it took a year to get the story and music where i liked it, and we are in the midst of putting all the elements in place.





thirty-five years after his debut album,“rhinestone cowboy” songwriter larry weissdelivers cuts and scratches, life in 41 minutes
from the inspiring opening declaration “i am somebody” to the reflective closer “can’t we start over again,” the cd represents an uncommon depth and a commitment to life. it has its share of love songs, but cuts and scratches spends more time mining some of the more complex issues in a life well-lived— heritage, honesty, anger, commitment, politics, disappointment and self-reflection.
buy “cuts and scratches”




nashville arts magazine wrote an article about larry weiss and his new album release “cuts and scratches” click on the link below to read the article.

nashville arts magazine article









copyright © 2025 rhinestone cowboy  | photofocus by catch themes 


scroll up

































































































































































































































































