





survivors of homicide, new mexico - nmsoh










































               



nmsoh 
                      announces..



the 
                      main office has closed down.  nmsoh is only online at 
                      this time.  they do however still have support 
                      groups.  

                      updates:

also please 
                      note:
the albuquerque 
                      support group 
                      meetings resume:
the fourth (4th) thursday of each month. evenings  6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
more...
if you 
                      have a support group you would like posted here
                      contact us.


 



death 
                      penalty





articles








newsletter




our newsletters are online in pdf 
                      format

april 2006
oct 2006






finances



nmsoh is
                      not accepting donations online at this 
                      time except to help cover the costs of this website.
as far as 
                      this webmaster knows we are no longer registered as a 
                      501(c) 3.  so any donations are not tax 
                      deductible.
 


 


  
 












 










final 
                  witness television show letter to survivors

                  greetings from final witness,i am the 
                  executive producer of final witness, a new true crime series 
                  for abc television that will 
                  premiere in 2012.  when i 
                  conceived final witness it was as an antidote of sorts to 
                  standard true crime sensationalism. 
                  i envisioned the series as victim-focused and one created out 
                  of the memories and thoughts of the 
                  people who knew and loved that person best. we work
closely with victims’ families to tell the stories of 
                  the lives of their loved-ones, not just
the stories of their deaths. in every tragedy there is 
                  something to be learned and to be 
                  carried forward, and that’s the stuff from which our show 
                  comes. it is our hope that thestories will speak to the 
                  complexity of human relationships and the resilience
of the human spirit. we also hope that it might serve 
                  as a part of the healing process for 
                  the victim’s family and will inspire the audiences who will be 
                  watching.
finally, i should add here that we make a 
                  contribution of $10,000 in the victim’s name to
the charity of his or her family’s choice and that our 
                  format requires that all cases must 
                  be fully adjudicated.
as you consider whether your story is a good 
                  match for our show, please feel free to
contact rebecca morton, our show’s researcher. 
                  she can be reached at
rebecca@lincolnsquareprod.com 
and will be 
                  happy to answer any questions or 
                  concerns.
thank you for your time and consideration.
best,
christine connor





alert!
            repeal the death 
            penalty repeal in 
            new mexico.




 
            

for more in depth information on the death 
            penalty go to
            homicidesurvivors.com

notice:  currently nmsoh has no 
              federal funding and the board of directors closed it down sometime 
              this year.  i have no further information on the status of 
              the group.  

i have been with this organization since 1995 
              and created this website in memory to my son.   there 
              have been many brave men and women, whom i have met over the 
              years, who have suffered a loss so great there are no words to 
              describe the pain and injustices they have had to bear.  
              i hope that we can help them remember the victims.   

i still have contact information to many of the 
              victims families and the police working on some cases.  the 
              omi is offering grief support groups...see the sidebar.

this web site will remain alive as long as i 
              can continue to update it.  if you are a survivor of homicide 
              and would like an unsolved case or a memorial page please contact 
              me. 
 

patti march
webmaster@nmsoh.org
new
              mexico survivors of homicide was a not-for-profit 501(c)3 organization founded
            in 1996. they provided support and information for survivors of homicide about the 
            grieving process,  the  criminal justice system and all other issues 
            pertaining to the survivors of a victim of murder.

            the following information is provided as a service because we know the devastation that a
            loved one's murder causes.  we hope that the information may help, in some way,
            the painful process of  dealing with the horrific crime of murder against the
            innocent victims,  their family and friends.

              here is some of what you will find in each section of our site:





on
                    our memorial pages you
                    will find the names of many victims who were murdered in new
                    mexico or whose loved ones live in new mexico, with links to
                    individual memorials.







on
                    our unsolved pages law
                    enforcement and survivors are asking for your help! you will
                    find links to cold cases and open investigations which need
                    additional information to apprehend the murderers.







learn
                    about the effects of homicide by visiting our grief
                    section.







our reflections section contains
                    poems, quotes and sentiments.







the resources section is where you
                    can find information about crime, the justice system, victim
                    assistance and links to similar resources across the
                    country.







learn
                    about our organization.  
                    support group meeting places across the state, newsletters,
                    board of directors, supporters, etc.







we
                    want to hear from you.  send us your suggestions and
                    read what others have said on our feedback
                    pages.




   
                    

110
                murder victims were added to our memorials in 1998
159 murder victims were added to our memorials in 1999
166 murder victims were added to our memorials in
                  2000
149 murder victims were added to our memorials for
                  2001
177 murder victims were added to our memorials for
                  2002
163 murder victims 
                were added to our memorials for 2003
read more about 
                new mexico homicide stats and about what is a survivor of 
                homicide here:

nmsoh murder statistics
fyi:
in 2004
                the nm office of the 
                medical investigator decided to no longer supply nmsoh the next 
                of kin of homicide victims and at this time are not even giving 
                us the names of homicide victims.   we need you to
                notify us if you would 
                like to be added to our mailing list or to add your loved one to 
                our list of victim's names.  we are sorry for any pain this 
                may cause families and are working to try to resolve this 
                problem with the omi or other agencies that may be able to 
                assist us in locating the names of new victims and their next  
                of kin contact information.  we are trying to reach out to 
                all survivors in the state of new mexico and those of you who 
                are nm residents and have had loved one murdered elsewhere.
thanks for 
                your patience,
nmsoh
























[ home ] [ nmsoh ] [ site map ]








 

new mexico survivors of homicide, inc., 
www.nmsoh.org   email: patti@candothat.com
web site design by
can do that!  software solutions.  this site is lovingly dedicated to
the memory of gary james march


