




booktrakker - inventory management bookselling software for online booksellers


























booktrakker



home
features
pricing
about
contact
testimonials
faq
blogs
help










book inventory management with the booktrakker ecosystem and bookselling software
providing booksellers with a robust set of tools for professional listing and management of their stock on multiple marketplaces.  easily sell your books on amazon, ebay and many other listing sites with our book listing software ecosystem.
effortlessly increase your sales and customer reach by making use of time-tested tools created by booksellers for booksellers. upload your listings on any supported marketplace (32+) at the click of a button!

get started
watch video












hassle-free imports and onboarding
easily import all of your inventory onto booktrakker through a streamlined process.  we offer free onboarding training and ongoing customer support 7 days a week!





booktrakker supports 32+ marketplaces 
sell on amazon, ebay, abebooks, alibris, biblio, your own private seller site, and many more, at the click of a button. booktrakker supports any marketplace with uiee or ftp uploads. double your customers and sales using our book selling software!





efficient and complete data entry
list books, cds, dvds, vinyl records, pamphlets, ephemera, magazines, periodicals, journals, sets, bundles, and much more! enter and edit bibliographical fields yourself, or scan an isbn for near-instant auto-population!





inventory management
manage your database with powerful tools developped by booksellers for booksellers. edit thousands of records at once through hitlists. upload your own book images through imageit. set up and print catalogs, generate reports, and much more!





research, price, and reprice
take advantage of scanit, the most powerful research and manual pricing tool on the market. or use grabit for template and rule-based automatic repricing.





order management
mark records as sold, upload to all your marketplaces, and avoid double sales! you can also use the optional get orders function to automatically detect sales on supported marketplaces and do the uploads for you!





user interface customization
start with one of our templates and personalize the interface colors to fit your taste. toggle features on or off to suit your business needs. booktrakker can be as simple or complex as you need it to be.





multiple business models
whether you have a walk-in bookstore, sell merchant fulfilled online, sell through the fba program, or do a little bit of everything, booktrakker is designed to be your one-stop shop with a vast toolkit.












about us
booktrakker has been serving booksellers since 1998.we have worked tirelessly to create the ultimate inventory management ecosystem.let us be your one-stop shop for all your online bookselling needs.









decades of quality servicejoin our list of happy clients. some of our booksellers have been with us for over 20 years!






32+ marketplaces supported we support any marketplace which accepts uiee or ftp uploads.





7 days a week
stellar customer support you can rely on us if anything goes wrong. we take pride in our timely customer service.











pricing plans
find the plan which fits your needs, and pick and choose the tools you value!
 booktrakker is book listing software designed to be as complex and powerful as the bookseller needs it to be. we understand that different sellers prioritize and value different features depending on their business model, so we've created a tiered and a-la-carte pricing model. we believe that the ecosystem works best with all of the tools enabled, but you are free to customize your pricing and usage to the needs of your business.

booktrakker does not charge commissions, and the data is stored locally on your system - we include a backup system to ensure data security.





booktrakker basic


$15 a month



 one-click uploads
 inventory management
 barcode scanning of isbns (data from amazon.com for amazon sellers, or bt sourced data with a paid subscription)
 general export
 hitlists
 quality customer support


subscribe now





booktrakker pro


$25 a month



 everything included in basic
 catalogs
 amazon isbn data
 checkit amazon record harmonizer
 grabit - retrieve bibliographical and price data from amazon
 reports
 contacts - includes trade credit tracking for b&m stores
 wants
 invoices


subscribe now





additional a-la-carte features (billed monthly)






 network do data entry on multiple lan computers. $35 main + $15 per client computer
 imageit image hosting and management $15
 ebay integration $10
 amazon integration $25
 scanit book research and manual pricing tool $25
 sellit pos for booksellers with customer credit tracking $25
 get orders manual/automatic order processing $10/$25


subscribe now










contact us
don't be a stranger! we believe that booktrakker is the best bookselling software on the market and are excited to share it with you.  booktrakker is one of the only book listing software ecosystems that offers a wide range of powerful tools combined with support for listing books on multiple listing sites. use the form below to discuss your business needs with our team, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.

































send message


× thank you! your message has been sent. 















phone:
+1 (540) 886-0651















featured blog posts
if you'd like to read more about booktrakker and bookselling in general, check out our blog!







 
general bookselling

introducing the booktrakker ecosystem for book inventory management and online selling



jim gutterman

11/11/2024










general bookselling

how booktrakker enables efficient listing on multiple markteplaces



jim gutterman

12/9/2024













 
general bookselling

how booktrakker makes selling on ebay easy!




jim gutterman

12/31/2024




-->












booktrakker



providing booksellers with a complete ecosystem for managing and listing their inventory on multiple marketplaces.


follow us









links


home
features
pricing
testimonials
about
contact
blogs






contact:


phone:
 +1 (540) 886-0651

























