









dennis doaty leathercraft





 











dennis doaty leathercraft







home | southwest
        designs | accessories
        1 | accessories
        2 | clothing 
       | custom
        shop
frontier 
       | holiday | retro | order
        form | upcoming
        events

 




       welcome to the premier location for handcrafted leather goods 
       at tremendous $avings! each item is hand designed, cut, assembled, 
       dyed, tooled, laced, or stitched by dennis doaty himself. 
       using his experience gained since 1970, only the finest products are 
       produced, each available to you direct from this page! for a listing 
       of the stampable designs click here design
        ideas. this is my names for the designs. some 
       of the designs themselves have been added with more to follow. we are 
       working on that page. i also have a chart of the dye colors that are 
       available. please be advised that your browser might be set 
       differently and you might not see the true color but this will be 
       close. they are available at colors.

to read 
       more about how i got started please click here

 











dennis
            doaty leathercraft






       please note that the shop is a smoke free zone. i do however have a 
       shop cat and he has free run. he likes to help me sew and lace and 
       also sleeps on the back of my tooling bench while i am working. there 
       is never an added charge for cat hair since i can not control where 
       it might appear.

 




please note the new shipping charges on the orders
        page for any orders not using 
       paypal. paypal payments will add these in automatically. this
        applies to u.s. orders only. orders to be shipped outside 
       the u.s. should contact me at info@doatyleather.com 
       for paypal info and should not use paypal shopping cart. thank you







        

southwest designs are among the most popular 
       leather designs. we carry a full line of items made with leather, 
       conchos, and spots. check out the new suede purses!

        




        

       take a look at our leather accessories. 
       this is where you'll find handy leather items like knife sheaths, 
       minimag lite holders, snuff can holders, key holders, cigarette 
       cases, coin purses, barrettes, pony tail holders, and many other gift items.

        










        

leather clothing is both stylish and 
       popular. we carry indian style moccasins, boots, and other wearable items.

        




        

       our custom shop is where you'll find details 
       on how to order your items already personalized with the name, 
       initials, logo, or design of your choosing. most items we carry can 
       be personalized with few exceptions.

basket makers this is also where 
       you can find some of the basket hardware that i make along with links 
       to some of the basket makers that utilize my straps. a new page of 
       tote bag handles and medallions have been added at baskets

        










       the frontier page is where you will find 
       various black powder bags, indian pouches, a hot sauce holder, and 
       various uncategorized items. watch here for new arrivals!!




       the holiday shop is where you can find 
       seasonal gifts. surprise someone with a personalized hand made custom 
       work of art like nothing you can find in any store.










       the retro page is where you will find 
       some of my hippy style purses that were popular 
       back in the 60's and 70's. these are hand cut and hand tooled and no 
       two are the same. many styles and designs are available that are not 
       shown. i am also starting to do some of the older style short handle 
       handbags from the 40's and 50's so check back often and see what you 
       can find here. email me with any special requests and i will let you 
       know what i can do for you.







upcoming events has a list of shows events i 
       will be attending. it also has a picture of myself and some of my 
       displays so you'll recognize me. look for my truck and stop by to say "hi!"







ordering is a snap, using one of our 
       convenient methods. paypal is a new internet service that allows use 
       of credit cards without an extra fee to the buyer. it was started as 
       a way to pay for auction items on ebay. look here for our "no 
       hassle" terms and policies. call or fax credit card info.




wholesale pricing is available on all items. 
       please include your state tax/resale number and shipping address when 
       requesting pricing. minimum $ amounts may apply.

quantity price discounts also available. 
       contact me for details prior to ordering.


       all items are guaranteed, with a 30-day money back guarantee. please 
       check the order page for additional information and fees on the 
       guarantee policy. any questions, feel free to email me at info@doatyleather.com




       please check out some of my favorite links





































home | southwest
    designs | accessories
    1 | accessories
    2 | clothing 
   | custom
    shop
frontier 
   | holiday | retro | order
    form | upcoming
    events

   this site created by john clark. all images and content on this site 
   are copyrighted and may not be used without permission.






accessories, knives, knife, case, 
       sheath, comb, cigarette, lighter, zippo, snuff, can, caddy, caddies, 
       gift, minimag, leatherman, multitool, key, holder, snap, quick, pony, 
       tail, ponytail, barrette, hairband, horseshoe, braid, lacehook, 
       boothook, magnetic, money, clip, bifold, billfold, wallet, trifold, 
       scotch, coin, purse, boot, moc, moccasin, cow, elk, apache, indian, 
       knee, ankle, deertan, deerskin, rifle, sling, custom, repair, 
       muzzleloading, black, powder, black powder, basket, strap, handle, 
       collar, hot sauce, habanero, basket, slit, braid, dog, traffic, lead, 
       treasure, trinkets, pen, pencil, penlight, flashlight, cow knee, 
       cow's knee, flintlock, cigar, pipe, sleigh, solid, brass, bell, 
       pocket watch, pocket watch case, christmas, holiday



