 




nova scotia community college | nscc



































skip to main content
skip to site utility navigation
skip to main site navigation
skip to site search
skip to footer




login


donate
closures
libraries

login

connectnscc's student and employee intranet. find services, supports and campus-related info.
webmail
brightspace
microsoft 365
mynscc
password management
service desk
view all online tools





donate
closures
libraries





hide menu

connectnscc's student and employee intranet. find services, supports and campus-related info.
webmail
brightspace
microsoft 365
mynscc
service desk
password management
view all online tools


















search


menu








hide menu

nscc homeprograms & coursescareer and program exploration career quiz    programs all programs part-time programs programs by area of interest academic upgrading and skills development building and manufacturing business  creative industries engineering technologies environment, sustainability and natural resources health and wellness it and data analytics  language and cultural studies marine social and community supports surveying, mapping and geomatics tourism and culinary transportation    program fees program openings apprenticeship  pre-apprenticeship programs       continuing education all courses career and professional development career courses microcredentials short-term programs    academic upgrading courses personal interest courses    marine courses all marine courses    learning experience hands-on learning work experience 2024-2025 co-op programs    specialized training learn abroad    flexible learning after graduation    credentials     admissionsapply to a program canadian and permanent resident applicants admission requirements program requirements program technology requirements health and human services program requirements immunization faq    application assessment credit for prior learning waitlists deferrals, application changes and readmissions manage your application who can apply?    international student admissions register for continuing education changes and refunds    register for marine courses tuition, fees and costs program application fee student health benefits student association fees u-pass course costs and fees program payment schedule and options    financial support student awards, scholarships and bursaries awards for prospective students the sobey award program    awards for current students and confirmed applicants awards info sessions    financial aid      combine college and university student records and enrolment mycreds    campus and program info sessions watch a recorded info session    academic calendar     student experiencestudent supports student advisors accessibility services accessibility supports accommodations documentation contact accessibility services staff    wellness and counselling services sexual violence support what is sexual violence? what is consent? get support give support       learning support services english as an additional language (eal) supports tutoring and peer assisted learning supports (pals) nscc libraries nscc bookstores testing services and support testing request form testing centre hours and locations testing fees caec and external testing testing with us    writing centre    student and graduate employment career and employment supports gradworks: information and how to apply    technical supports technology service desk wi-fi services    entrepreneurship military-connected supports    cultural supports indigenous student supports african canadian and black student supports international student supports 2slgbtq+ student supports    campus experience meet our students day in the life at nscc student association (sa)    housing parents and supporters helping others make career decisions        campusesakerley campus fresh twenty one restaurant photo gallery    annapolis valley campus pilikan house photo gallery    burridge campus  digby learning centre photo gallery    cogs cumberland campus amherst learning centre photo gallery    ecampus ecampus experience      institute of technology campus photo gallery    ivany campus centre for the built environment parking photo gallery    kingstec campus photo gallery    lunenburg campus photo gallery    nautical institute photo gallery    pictou campus beyond the mirror salon photo gallery      shelburne campus photo gallery    strait area campus photo gallery    sydney waterfront campus sydney waterfront campus parking and transportation sydney waterfront campus salon    truro campus gittens lodge sport and wellness centre photo gallery    visit nscc     aboutvision, mission, promise and values strategic plan human rights, equity and inclusion nscc accessibility advisory committee nscc black community council african nova scotian community engagement sessions    nscc-mi'kmaq joint committees anti-racism resources sexual violence prevention and education committee mental wellness strategy    international partnerships sustainability energy and climate change green buildings and sustainable construction awards and recognition       college leadership board of governors members    president executive team historical timeline    academic schools school of access, education and language limitless women unlimited    school of business and creative industries school of health and human services school of technology and environment school of trades and transportation    research and innovation seatac    employer and industry collaboration industry training and development case studies    hire a student or alumni  employers - post a job funding for hiring students and graduates    employer incentive program (gradworks) military-connected college    nscc news media 2023 archive 2022 archive    events stories community impact stories innovation and research stories student success stories study at nscc stories construction updates    nscc in the news      publications and policies community report financial statements policies and procedures academic and student services policies occupational health and safety policies human resources policies operations and finance policies       nscc alumni relations nscc foundation jobs at nscc hiring process variety of jobs benefits and perks        











nova scotia community college


adult learning program - africentric learning optionearn your high school diploma from an africentric perspective while learning about culture, ancestry and world view. explore the programstudy skilled trades260 new seats have been added across nscc campuses around the province. explore new skilled trades offeringscelebrating african heritage monththroughout february, we celebrate the extraordinary contributions and legacy of people of african descent in nova scotia and canada. learn about african heritage month








program search
continuing education search







all programs | online programs
keyword

area of interest

select area of interest...

campus

select campus...

school

select school...


 advanced search



programs search is currently unavailable. check back soon as we work to resolve the issue.










loading data...


all courses
keyword

category

select category...

campus

select campus...





there are no courses scheduled at this time.








become a student
join our community and start your future today.
apply


information for:


international students
employers and industry












stories and highlights 



culturally-responsive supports
                we offer culturally-responsive supports to help you succeed - including support for students of black and african descent.
            




day in the life at nscc
                discover what it's like to be an nscc student and get a first-person perspective in our video and blog series.
            




financial awards for african canadian and black students
                designated awards, scholarships and bursaries are available for african canadian and black students. learn more and how to apply.
            


view more stories and highlights










 

important dates for applicants and students
see academic dates, college closures and holidays.
view our academic calendar





 

explore our campuses
get hands-on career training in 17 communities across nova scotia and online.
find a campus









land acknowledgement
nscc is located in mi’kma’ki, the unceded territory and traditional homeland of the mi’kmaq nation. our relationship is based on a series of peace and friendship treaties between the mi’kmaq nation and the crown, dating back to 1725.
as treaty beneficiaries, we recognize that we are all treaty people.









events




view all events





in the news 


nscc celebrates african heritage month
                                                            nscc ivany campus held a ceremony to celebrate the beginning of african heritage month. drumming against malaria, a local drumming group raising awareness of the disease, performed for the campus, emphasizing the importance of working together to champion diversity and inclusivity.
                                                        feb. 06, 2025global news





inside senators' dressing room, equipment staff set the tone
                                                            ian cox (community recreation ’04) is one of four members of the ottawa senators' equipment crew and reflects on how his work term at nscc was the first step toward reaching the big leagues a few years later.
                                                        feb. 03, 2025sportsnet





nscc joins province's green choice program
                                                            nscc is among 11 large-scale electricity customers participating in the province's green choice program. the program promises to add more clean energy to the grid, bring more green jobs and investments to nova scotia, help stabilize power rates and decrease greenhouse gas emissions.
                                                        jan. 27, 2025government of nova scotia


view all news articles













			was this page helpful? 



your feedback will help improve this website


yes
no


addtlinfo








your feedback will help improve this website



for comments or questions that require a response, please use our contact nscc form.
comments

remaining characters: 
				500


submit




thank you for your feedback.








jobs
media
foundation
alumni
employee directory
contact



facebook instagram linkedin youtube


©  nscc - nova scotia community college
privacy
disclaimer
sitemap


this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and google terms of service apply.




top







