






sierra hot springs | resort & retreat center


































facilities

water and land
lodging
cafe
events
map


reservations

rates and reservations
faq
directions
what to pack
local community


health services
contact
make a reservation
 


select page


  
 
 












;







sierra hot springs
 
a non-profit retreat center located at the cusp of an enchanted forest and a beautiful alpine valley.
 








reservations
reservations required for all visits.
no drop-ins are allowed.
book now!







when we're open
closed: monday and tuesday
day use: thursday – sunday
evening soak passes: wednesday – sunday
camping & rooms: wednesday – sunday







health services
book a massage during your stay!
massage and watsu® appointments are available thursday – sunday
call 530-994-3773 to find out more.
 







sierra hot springs welcomes you!
 
here, it is impossible to resist the overwhelming sense of tranquility. the natural spring water is as smooth as silk, and the pools are a true experience.
for centuries, indigenous peoples have regarded this land as a sacred healing place.  now we invite you to discover its incredible powers for yourself.
some things have changed, and we deeply appreciate your participation and understanding in all matters regarding these changes.
 
all parties onsite must have a reservation and a valid property passes.reservations are available by phone or online.please check our rates and reservations page for more information on how to reserve.
day use passes are available through advance reservation only:thursday through sunday from 10:30am to 5:30pm.  the day use fee is the same regardless of arrival time.
evening soak passes are available through advance reservation only:wednesday through sunday from 4:00pm to 11:00pm.  the day use fee is the same regardless of arrival time.
rooms are available for:two night stays [check in on wednesday, check out on friday], two or three (preferred) night stays [check in on friday, check out on monday/sunday]room check in time is 4pm, room check out time is 10am
camping is available through advance reservation only:1 to 5 night stays may be booked wednesday – sunday.tent/car/rv* camping is permitted in our campground.open fires/candles/incense/smoking/cook stoves are strictly prohibited*no hook ups of any kind are available on our property
rooms and camping passes include access to the pools & property from 2pm on your arrival date until 2pm on your departure date.
if you are interested in reservations, please see our rates and reservations page.




make a reservation

what’s new:
advance reservations required for all visits.
no drop ins allowed. 
closed on mondays and tuesdays.

interested in a career at sierra hot springs? 
we’d love to hear from you. please download our job application and email it to us.

download job application







day use & evening soak passes
day use passes are available thursdays – sundays, 10:30am – 5:30pm, no exceptions; early arrivals will not be accommodated. the day use fee is the same regardless of arrival time.
evening soak passes are available wednesdays – sundays, 4:00pm – 11:00pm, no exceptions; early arrivals will not be accommodated. the evening soak pass fee is the same regardless of arrival time.
advance reservations are required.make reservations here.



camping & lodging
whether you stay in the main lodge, rent a room at the globe hotel or pitch a tent in our campgrounds, we have lodging that will work for you.
learn more about our options here.







make a reservation



 








    
© 2025 sierra hot springs. all rights reserved.
sitemap
built with ♡ by big deep digital
 

 















