








home - hanna, alberta






























































 
 








 











about hannacouncilplanningtax and assessmenttown essentialspermits and licenses







our heritage



contact us



reconciliation



important links









elected officials



council meetings



your town your say



hanna tv









municipal budget



bylaws and policies



planning hub



reports, studies









assessment



taxes, certificates



appeal process



property search









utilities



cemeteries



payment options



employment









business licensing



permitting



pet licenses



special events













×












services
new residentshealtheducationemploymenthousing & real estateplaces of worshiphanna carespets








public safety
fire and rcmpenforcementreport a concernnotification sign-upsnow removalbe prepared








programs
transportationlooking for helpbecome a helpergive and receiveorganized activities     for youth     for adults     for community





community groups

view events








indoor spaces
arenaairportcentennial placecommunity centrecurling rinkfitness centerlions hallpublic library








outdoor spaces
ball and soccergolfingparks and playgroundspool and spray parkskateboard park








also available
handi-vantables, chairs, wi-fi





newsnow removal* live *





×












doing business in hanna
getting startedlicensingpermittingplanningbizpalbusiness directory








demographics
economic baseutilitiestaxation








resources
harvest sky ec devreal estatehelpful linksemployment





downtown redevelopment project





×












stay and eat
a good sleepenjoy a mealhow to find us








visit and do
visitor information centremuralsmonumentswinter activitiesparks and playgrounds
 








the great outdoors
beachesgolfinggeocachingbird watchinghunting and fishing










trails and tours
walking tourindoor walking trackhunting itineraryfishing itinerary
 





discover harvest sky



pioneer village & museum





×



















home
town office
our community
business
visitors


















home



town office



our community



business



visitors



 











live the lifestyle








welcome to hanna

hanna welcomes you and your family to come for a visit, check out the amenities and enjoy some small town friendliness. wide open spaces and big sky offer an unparalleled quality of life in a safe, friendly and virtually crime-free community.








news






employment






new residents




w

contact us








event calendar






business directory






real estate












coming events




 family dayfamily daymon feb 17 town of hannahappy family day to everyone.view more... maker’s handmaker’s handtue feb 181:00 pm redeemer lutheran churchenjoy some company while working on your latest project, coffee is always on and the conversation is always flowing.view more... local looplocal loopwed feb 1911:00 am-3:00 pm lynks $5exciting new transportation option for residents to get around town.view more... spades card gamesspades card gameswed feb 191:00 pm senior circle $1if you enjoy a good game of cards then join us at senior circle every wednesday.view more... play 500play 500thu feb 201:00 pm senior circle $1thursday afternoon cards and coffee, calling all 55+ looking for an enjoyable afternoon.view more... narcotics anonymousnarcotics anonymousthu feb 208:00 pmdo you have the desire to change but lack the support? consider joining us every thursday.view more... public skatingpublic skatingfri feb 216:30 pm-7:30 pm town of hanna freestart your weekend off with a refreshing skate!view more... scotch & starlightscotch & starlightsat feb 227:00 pm front row centre $30dynamic musical duo "scotch & starlight" to perform in hanna.view more... freedom to read weekfreedom to read weeksun feb 23a week for canadians to think about and reaffirm their commitment to intellectual freedom.view more... public skatingpublic skatingsun feb 235:30 pm-6:30 pm town of hanna freeget out of the house this sunday afternoon and enjoy a refreshing skate with the family.view more...
















news & updates

view all news & updates



 











follow us


followfollowfollow



first to know
receive news, information, and events directly to your inbox. we promise not to send too many and will make you "first to know" on all important and fun things.








name 



email address 





 









contact us
302 2 avenue westpo box 430hanna, ab canada t0j 1p0p: (403) 854-4433e: send us a message

office hours
monday to friday8:30 am to 4:30 pm





terms and conditions© 2019 town of hanna, alberta. all rights reserved. website designed by: 13 ways inc.



 










































