

drain lake powell or not?



 






 appreciating lake powell!
















    custom search
  

                    







back to home 
lake benefits

the impact of
    draining lake powell 
sierra club myths

drought cycles
    plague the west 
photo gallery 
the colorado river - 100 years ago

friends
    of lake powell 
natural lakes
    in glen canyon? 
links to other sites
quotable
author profile 







thank heaven we have lake powell


navajo nation social issues
an editorial in the arizona
        republic (10/12/03 tribal tragedy) indicates that violence on tribal lands,
        including murder, sexual assault, vehicular manslaughter and violent assault, is at
        "crime wave" proportions with no end anywhere in sight.  the editorial
laments that many native american tribes and especially the navajos, remain poor
        and that alcohol and substance abuse are rampant problems.

interestingly, the environment groups that
        want to drain lake powell want to take away the navajo nation's only real economic engine.
          take away lake powell and you take away annually over $100 million dollars of
        economic benefit from the navajo generation station alone.  you take away the
        educational opportunity at the page high school and page branch of the coconino community
        college.  you take away the opportunity for native americans to hold jobs near the
        reservation where they can continue their cultural ties and support their elders still
        living on the reservation.  you take away their opportunities to send their children
        to good schools.  
it's perhaps fashionable to bash economic
        growth and industry but you should consider that jobs and education offer hope.  
        unemployment, alcohol and substance abuse only serve to drive native americans away from
        their homeland.
positive news doesn't receive much media
        attention but at least the arizona daily sun on 10-12-03 reported the peabody mines was
        honored by the department of the interior and received a "gold good neighbor
        award" for developing a host of environmental, economic and tribal initiatives on
        native american lands in arizona."
the mines received awards for programs that
        included reclaiming lands for livestock grazing, restoring plants and herbs, providing
        potable water and coal for heat, improving local infrastructure, and supporting education
        through scholarships.  
click here - navajo nation economics

antelope marina
        groundbreaking 
may 2003
local,
        regional and national officials descended on antelope point may 5 to break ground on a
        long-awaited $70 million marina project that’s expected to provide a major economic
        boost to the navajo nation and the city of page. 

“today marks a new beginning at antelope point,
        and the fulfillment of a promise the u.s. government made to the navajo nation 30 years
        ago,” said kitty roberts, superintendent of glen canyon national recreation area.
        “it’s definitely a time to celebrate.” 

        antelope point marina is expected to consist of 300 boat slips, a dry dock with a 500-boat
        capacity, a 225-room hotel, and a navajo cultural center, among other amenities. the $70
        million project is expected to take between six and eight years to reach final completion,
        but marina officials hope the facility will be operational by the 2004 visitors season. 

        navajo nation vice president frank dayish, jr. told the crowd that antelope point will
        benefit the reservation not only through increased tourism, but also with the creation of
        numerous jobs for its residents. the project is expected to create about 175 temporary
        construction jobs and 150 or so permanent jobs once the facility opens for business. 

        “one of the major goals of the shirley-dayish administration is to focus on job
        creation,” dayish said after the groundbreaking. “we want to provide jobs for
        anyone who wants to work. when you have 45-50 percent unemployment, anything that creates
        even one job benefits the whole navajo nation.”

        lawrence platero, chairman of the navajo nation’s economic development committee,
        gave the crowd some hard numbers reflecting the marina’s anticipated economic impact
        on lechee and the reservation. 

        the project is expected to generate $1.4 million annually in land-lease revenues, another
        $1.4 million in tax proceeds, and $10 million each year in payroll salaries for its
        workers. the marina’s overall economic impact for the area is projected to be about
        $30 million each year. 
.

emission standards for 
        new gasoline marine engines
the environmental
        protection agency (epa) has issued regulations that will bring forth a new generation of
        marine engines featuring cleaner technology and providing better engine performance to
        boat owners. 
controlling exhaust emissions from
        new gasoline spark-ignition (si ) marine engines will result in an unprecedented 75
        percent reduction in hydrocarbon (hc) emissions from these engines by the year 2025.
likely options for achieving compliance
        include converting current ob/pwc 2-stroke engine technology to 4-stroke, direct-injection
        2-stroke, or possibly equipping engines with catalytic converters in some applications. 
to read more visit
http://www.nps.gov/glca/epa.pdf

birds of lone rock beach 
each year, more and more birds discover lake
        powell.   american avocets, american white pelicans, caspian terns, white-face
        ibis and more.  photos by gerry nealon

asian dust clouds   
read
        about the perfect asian storm of april 2001
and how it impacted the visibility across the
colorado plateau

page paleontology science center  
        
expand your mind

what happens after a dam silts in?
an pictorial essay that discusses
        the mature phase of a dam

bruce
        babbitt's speech to 
        the colorado water users association
babbitt  speech

"i want to say
        publicly, for the record, that the idea of decommissioning glen canyon dam and draining
        lake powell is outside the circle of reality".
bruce
        babbitt, july 14, 2000
        page, arizona

bruce babbitt was in
        page on july 14 and 15 to discuss his vision for a new national monument on the paria
        plateau near  page.  see pictures of his spencer trail hike and read about his
        vision. 
proposed
        paria plateau national monument

navajo
        sandstone fossils   
found around the page area
paleontological summary and pictures

a  website devoted to the truth about lake powell is 
save the lake.

this comprehensive site contains many excellent (i.e.
        factual) articles on the distribution of glen canyon power to rural communities, the
        downstream water supply issues and the fauna that depend upon lake powell. a must read!

beaver populations below the dam have increased dramatically
        since the pre-dam era.  read more about beavers in the
        grand canyon.
added 25 good reasons not to drain lake
        powell   
added a page
        community profile link with all sorts of official information and statistics provided
        by the arizona department of commerce.
some of the data for 1997 include: population of  8,640 and taxable
        sales for 1997 of  $171 million dollars.
water is the #1 recreational activity in america.
          recreation constitutes 10.5% of all consumer spending and contributes over $350
        billion annually to the gross domestic product (gdp). 
it's estimated that $180 billion of recreation gdp is generated by
        visitation to federally managed public land.  to read more on this subject, visit:
fact sheet on  lake
        recreation
overview of the national
        recreation lake study

native fish history was added. 
sand bar restoration links were added.

 the "solutions and options"  page
        was created.

 the  "quotable"  page was
        created.  quotes by the governor of arizona and the navajo nation are included.

the economic impact of the navajo generating station was
        reformatted.
***************************************
here are more links with new information:

 drought cycles plague the west 

 the impact on lake mead and downstream
        users

 the colorado river - comparing 100 year old photos

 the
        impact of a severe drought (right now...with lake powell): the hydrologic, environmental,
        and economic consequences  




watch the latest videos on youtube.com








 

