




newsfollowup.com: plandemic/jfk assassination/9-11 truth all
      connected













 



 
            newsfollowup.com 
home


 plandemic 
 covid hoax



 9-11 truth
 9-11 truth home



 jfk
            assassination
 jfk
              home



 holocaust
            hoax
 holocaust
              hoax 

 cultural
            marxism
 cultural
              marxism home



 russiagate
 russiagate
              home



 fake history
 fake
              history home




 



 
defending the constitution  
 transhumanism
leftist pedophilia clinton body count timelines favorite sites about search blog docs  






go to old nfu home page


newsfollowup.com
.................................   
             


contact info: info@newsfollowup.com.





patriots must rise up, without violence. no hate,
            just information.
go
            to ai stock page   

 


ai stock spreadsheet




go to
                newsfollowup.com research resources page, including adrenochrome jewish chabad ritual murder,
                cultural marxism, and biden laptop scandals, nwo, great reset,
                fake history, leftist pedophilia, ai super intelligence, biden corruption,
                cbdc, election fraud, ai research ...dew ... maui lahaina incineration smart cities
                .... #lahainachildren #adrenochrome ...larry sinclair ... the al-aqsa storm report ... chabad child trafficking ..
                  texas truckers protests ....




 


9/11 truth interactive spreadsheet, 2000 rows,
                  sort filter, 

link isis, jfk assassination, 9-11 truth,
                  & holocaust hoax

cultural marxism timeline

rothschild timeline

communist revolution in america timeline

add al-aqsa storm to the long list of israeli
                  false flag attacks

the secrets of the federal reserve, mullins

the great zionist coverup



  

a basic premise of this website can be
                  summarized by the statement: neo--nazism is equal to jewish
                  chosenness is equal to white supremacism. there is no room in
                  this world for any form of supremacism. there is ample
                  evidence to believe that some aspects of neo-nazism and white
                  supreacism are funded and fomented by nefarious jewish forces
                  for their benefit. see jewish cultural marxism page.



  

epstein is the product of a long line of
                  (((mob))) bootleggers and sexual blackmailers including the
                  bronfmans, harry cohn, and meyer lansky. also search on
                  hoover, wexner, and kaminsky. see also jfk and 9/11 links.
                  crosswalk button patriots tie up dc intersections, non violent
                  protest .... ordo
                    ...ordo




 
 
 

 


 



 



 



 







 




 




 

atheism, secularism, centralized big
                government, humanism, transhumanism and cultural marxism are all
                aspects of jewish marxist leftist academics and chinese
                communists. we may be under a
                    bioterror attack from china? israel may be involved in order
                    to take out trump. ... jews list ...zionists list






 

wtc 7 (left) looks like a classic
                demolition because it was (no planes struck it), where the wtc 1
                & 2 were taken down with mini nukes. rothchilds were on
                building advisory board. this will become a conspiratruth.


 

trump's re-election campaign is in full
                swing. he has collected well over $100 billion ... besting the
                total of the top dem candidates combined ...
                #predeterminedsolutiontoconcoctedproblem hegellian dialectic:
                thesis, antithesis, synthesis .... revelation of the method ...
              






 

all major jewish organizations push mass
                immigration. ...it hypocritically applies to all western
                countries except israel.





these pages are for desktops only, not
                mobile friendly...but lots of valuable anti-deepstate research.





 

israel is the most notorious country in
                the world for executing false flag attacks...including 9/11.







these pages are for desktops only, not
                mobile friendly...but lots of valuable anti-deepstate research.





 

this timeline has a mixture of cultural
                marxism and bolshevik revolution entries...it is just an excerpt
                of a much larger timeline


 

jewish chosenness or rather supremacism is
                the basis for all their treacherous behaviours against
                christians for the last two thousand years.





 

a comprehensive timeline of the holohoax
                from the most important authors and researchers on the subject.


 

fake news, fake history...all the same
                cnn's ratings are dropping but they still have lucrative
                contracts at 60 us airports..





 

new york area fire commissioners support
                forming a grand jury to investigate 9/11.


 

ag barr's investigation into the hoax has
                begun. trump has indicated obama is fair game.





 

israel, the late shimon peres,
                primary sources of cultural marxist / transhumanist agenda: open
                borders, destruction of western culture, jew world order

 

 

go to clinton / obama / bush suspicious
                death list page. 300+ names. details
                  about the murder of jeffrey epstein will be slow to come out,
                  but are surely there. there are far to many anomilies,
                  including connections to the mossad, surrounding his death. 






 ï¿½ 2018 all rights reserved. all content posted on this site is
            commentary or opinion and is protected under free speech. we are not
            responsible for content written by and hosted on third-party
            websites. the information on this site is provided for educational
            and entertainment purposes only. it is not intended as a substitute
            for professional advice of any kind. we assume no responsibility for
            the use or misuse of this material. all trademarks, registered
            trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property
            of their respective owners. 
 tags: "israel nuked wtc" 9-11 truth jfk assassination "cultural
            marxism" "holocaust hoax" "fake news" "fake history" fed censorship
            "mind control" tavistock holohoax auschwitz deep state kabbalah
            talmud bush obama clinton trump russiagate spygate israel britain
            saudi arabia middle east rothschild cold war comey brennan clapper
            yellow vests populism nuclear demolition 





newsfollowups
go
              to timelines list



yandex
                doesn't censor populist content ....including 9/11 truth,
              hunter's laptop from hell, covid bioterrorism, holocaust hoax,
              russia russia hoax, the j6 gulag. there is rampant anti-semitism
              throughout russia.  the citizens know who their real enemy is
              ... the khazarian mafia. world
                hunger and tafari
                campbell / obama ... iraq
                war page ..
















go to china/israel communist revolution in
              america timeline page. it's led by israel. communism is a jewish
              creation. world domination is their goal... gooble and facebook
              aps are facilitating.... jewish marxist professors also?








 



all we have to do is stand up and the little
              game is over. if we don't act now it'll never happen in our
              lifetimes. we'll be the next china. with
                god's help



  

go to nfu timeline page that includes links to
              timelines on covid-19, 9/11-truth, russiagate, clintons, 5g
              dangers, rothschild, bolshevik revolution.



  

george webb has clearly linked covid-19 to the
              deep state people who did russiagate and impeachment hoaxes. it
              started at the military world games, wuhan.



  

the utopian lure of socialism, communism also
              applies to transhumanism. the phenomena is dominated by jews ...
              megalomania. ... all financed by wall street fraud: ftx dem money laundering/ukraine backman jew ...





  

the james fetzer, ph.d. legal defense fund ...
              all proceeds will go to support the appeal that will set aside the
              $450k award and allow the trial that he has been denied. ...and gofundme
                page





  

jfk, rfk, and jfk jr. remain 'perfect crimes'
              ...perpetrated by (((deep state))) bad actors






  


there is absolutely no physical evidence
              proving the supposed holocaust actually happened...it's the
              greatest propaganda hoax of our age. 





  


lyndon johnson was the ring leader and his
              warren commission a coverup operation like no other...trump has
              released some classified docs but???






  


michael collins piper's untimely death has
              israel's fingerprints all over it. his books are still draw
              amazing attention. 






  


alex jones is an irresponsible clown, but
              occascionally provided some valuable information. 






  


jfk was going to pull the troops out of vietnam
              in 1965...just one of the reasons he was assassinated by the
              (((deep state))) 






  


anti-zionists are zionists best asset for
              prompting jews to emigrate to israel...fake anti-semitism has a
              definite purpose. 






  


israel nuked the wtc on 9/11. it's the only
              country with the means, motive and opportunity to do so and would
              require the least effort and available technology. ....






 

ï¿½









 asdf 

docs,
          ... docsw
expose-news .... kingston joined brannon howse
            to discuss the us house committee questioning the alliance of the
            biden-harris administration alliance with the chinese communist
            party (“ccp”) and the us biopharmaceutical fda trials being
            conducted by the chinese military.
            expose-news.com reports: they also followed up on a discussion they
            had in june 2022 about how hiv and mpox are encoded into the sars-2
            mrna virus and its mrna injections.
            “it appears that the nih has been funding the creation of a highly
            debilitating immunodeficiency virus (hiv) that can be transmitted
            via an injection, or even viaskin-to-skin contact during herpetic
            skin lesion breakouts (“mpox”),” kingston said.
            during her interview with howse, kingston explained that nih has
            given several grants for viral or vaccine research.  with these
            grants, “all they’re doing is trying to figure out: ‘how can i take
            a virus that’s normally not that infectious (so it cannot spread)
            how can i take a skin-to-skin contact virus and aerosolise it, and
            also how can i make it make the entire immune system stand down so
            [the virus] can actually get into human cells’,” she said.
            she explained that us and canadian scientists filed a patent for
            mpox in china.  the patent shows that the “monkeypox mrna” was
            encoded as a latent virus into the sars-cov-2 mrna found in pfizer’s
            and moderna’s covid-19 mrna injections.  in other words, a
            multi-species mpox was being used as a vaccine delivery vehicle for
            sars-cov-2.
            “so, they’re saying that mpox is a vaccine against sars-cov-2. 
            it makes no sense,” she said. “and now the nih is funding ways to
            aerosolise this.”
            in some people, the covid injections cause vaccine-acquired
            immunodeficiency syndrome (“vaids”)*, which weakens their immune
            system.  and, kingstone explained, because the sequences for
            pox-like viruses are embedded in the mrna sequences contained in
            covid injections, those who develop vaids are likely to present with
            shingles and other herpetic (herpes virus) outbreaks, and herpetic
            cancer which is called kaposi sarcoma.
            *note: kingston refers to vaids as an acronym for vaccine-associated
            autoimmune disease or syndrome but refers to the condition as
            weakening someone’s immune system; which is a bit confusing. 
            vaids is recognised as an acronym for vaccine-acquired
            immunodeficiency syndrome, a vaccine-induced form of aids, and the
            acronym for vaccine-associated autoimmune syndrome is vaas. 
            vaas is used to describe new-onset autoimmune conditions after
            vaccination; conditions which include immune thrombotic
            thrombocytopenia, autoimmune liver diseases, guillain-barré
            syndrome, iga nephropathy, rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus
            erythematosus.
            the herpetic outbreaks are directly related to the monkeypox rna
            encoded within the mrna in the covid vaccines because, as kingston
            explained in interviews with stew peters and maria zeee in 2022,
            mpox is various forms of herpetic lesions such as shingles, herpes
            and even kaposi sarcoma.
            the human immunodeficiency viruses (“hiv”) are one of the causes of
            acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (“aids”) and are not transmitted
            through skin-to-skin contact.
            what’s scary, kingston said, is that they are attempting to combine
            mpox, hiv and sars-cov-2;  to make “a virus within a virus; [a]
            supervirus using nanoparticles technology to strengthen it so that
            there could be skin-to-skin transmission of a virus that is similar
            to hiv,” she said. this means it will be able to spread in a similar
            way that chickenpox spreads, through touching blisters or the liquid
            from blisters.
            “it appears what they are trying to do is: within the pox virus
            family incorporate hiv mrna strands so that there can be
            human-to-human transmission to just continually weaken our immune
            systems,” kingston said.
            below is the video clip of the monkeypox section from kingston’s
            interview with howse on which the text above is based. you can watch
            the full interview here.
jews, who controls your mind


click to enlarge

news
timeline
top tier german nazis = ashkenazi jews
            of all the coverups surrounding world war ii, perhaps the most
            consequential is that hitler’s nazi regime was assembled by powerful
            ashkennazi jews who were all hardcore zionists.  after all,
            that’s where the pejorative term — nazi — originated from because of
            the hardcore zionist ashkenazi jews who painstakingly set up the
            nazi regime behind the scenes by installing one of their own, adolph
            hitler, as führer in berlin. ... as a matter of historical fact,
            those very wealthy and influential ashkenazi jewish bankers and
            businessmen, financiers and business magnates, capitalists and
            captains of industry, industrialists and merchants, attorneys and
            physicians, professors and scientists, etc. were not only all on
            board the train of zionism, they formed the tightest conspiracy in
            world history. ... the end goal of their conspiratorial plot was to
            establish the united nations after world war ii, which would then be
            used to unlawfully rubber stamp the founding of the modern state of
            israel after illegally forcing the palestinians from their ancestral
            lands. ... germany’s nazi regime was set up by these top-tier
            zionist ashkenazi jews so that the good religious jews across europe
            could be sufficiently scared to relocate to
            palestine—post-haste!  which is exactly what they did. ... the
            fake holocaust was a primary tool in exercising the above. according
            to wikipedia, 80% of the the jews that were sent to the labor camps
            (no gas chambers) were orthodox jews who did not want to emigrate to
            palestine. .... also research the haarvara agreement, the
            cooperation of zionists and nazis to enable emigration of zionist
            jews to palestine.
. members of the global citizenship
            commission include: k. anthony appiah, laurel bellows, nicolas
            berggruen, paul boghossian, gordon brown (chair), craig calhoun,
            wang chenguang, mohamed elbaradei, fonna forman, andrew forrest,
            ronald m. george, asma jahangir, john kufuor, graça machel,
            catherine oregan, ricken patel, emma rothschild, robert rubin,
            jonathan sacks, kailash satyarthi, klaus schwab , amartya sen, john
            sexton, robert shrum, jeremy waldron, joseph weiler, rowan williams,
            diane c. yu (executive director).”-source -publisher’s press
            release.
the covert jewish control of mao and
            the chinese communist party (ccp) explains why convicted jewish spy
            jonathan pollard, found guilty of stealing thousands of classified
            documents from the defense department where he worked, gave these
            materials to his masters, the israeli mossad operating in the u.s.a.
            the israelis, in turn, transferred these valuable military secrets
            straight to red chinese dictators in beijing. pollard, a jew born in
            galveston, texas, sits in a federal prison today. recently, when
            israeli prime minister netanyahu came to america, he visited pollard
            in prison and assured the despicable turncoat israeli spy that the
            israeli government was working behind-the-scenes with obama’s white
            house to pardon the convicted spy. meanwhile, pollard is a national
            hero in israel—honored for stealing america’s most precious military
            secrets which israel gave to communist china!—-[2012 book]
            9/11–enemies foreign and domestic by edward hendrie ... source: ancient-forums

israel's unit
              8200 .... exposing western influences that israel backs .... video
                .... 
            piers morgan presents pro israel slants on rupert murdochs talk tv.
            murdoch has funded the jerusalem foundation which builds inside
            illegal settlements.
            jordan peterson works for  ben shapiro's company, the daily
            liar, which is funded by cape technologies, whose ceo is israel's
            intelligence veteran ido erlikman.
            j.k. rowling's longtime manager is lobbyist neil blair. neil blair
            is funded by the israeli ministry of justice and the ministry of
            education. 
            rishi sunak's family have significant business interests in israel.
            their company, infosys, is codirected by uri levine, formerly of the
            israeli intelligence unit 8200. 
            but we see 8200 units pop up everywhere. so what is it? 8200 is an
            israeli intelligence corps unit of the israel defense forces,
            responsible for clandestine operations, collecting signal
            intelligence and code decryption, surveilling the indigenous
            palestinian population and spying on the world's rich and famous
            officers, designed and implemented software that spied on tens of
            thousands of politicians and likely aided in the killing of saudi
            journalist jamal khashoggi. 
            so where are the 8200 units dispersed? first up, google. there are
            currently at least 99 former 8200 veterans working for google.
            gabriel goydel, head of strategy and operations at google; jonathan
            cohen, head of insights, data and measurement; ori daniel, head of
            global self service for google ways. among the others are ben
            bariak, guy guthurst, leor liberman and others.
            then there's meta, the company that owns facebook, instagram and
            whatsapp. 8200 units are also stationed here, starting with emmy
            palmore, who is one of 23 individuals who sit on facebook's
            oversight board. among the names are tom chet, gilad turban,
            engineering manager ron n. goren; software engineers gil osher and
            yoav goldstein and software developer omar goldberg. meanwhile,
            yonatan ramot simultaneously works for 8200 and meta. they also
            deleted palestinian media company al quud's news from facebook. for
            microsoft. there are 166 former 8200 members. among them eilet
            steinets, tomer lev, mayan mazig, serok jepa, yuval derman, leah
            yeshua, yogev shitrit, guni mehram, mehtar pinto, yaniv carmel,
            gilront tsabkevich, danielle poleg,  itai grady, and liat
            lisha. 
            for microsoft defender antivirus and microsoft azure theirs michael
            barguri, shlomi haba, yaniv yehuda, assaf israel, tal rosler, adi
            griever, yael ginut through which were able to shut down key systems
            such as the energy infrastructure of iran. 
            the information war continues with farida khan, fake account as a
            aljazeera journalist on x/twitter who was caught in her israeli
            lies, the french banning protests, uk banning the flag, lies from
            cnn, bbc and skynews, piers refusing to defend, shapiro being a rat,
            and peterson calling for hell.
            do not think for a moment that these people believe in what they
            say. they are all blackmailed...










