


	kooler design studio - kooler design studio: the perfect place for beautiful needlearts, crafts and leisure



















         
    











needlepoint
counted cross-stitch
stamped cross-stitch
big stitch
embroidery
kits by subject
shop all kits



chart downloads
printed charts
chart downloads by subject
printed charts by subject



cross-stitch
needlework
quilting
knitting
crochet
general crafts

painting
beading
shop all books




cross-stitch charts
craft projects




faq
corrections
contact us
links







































set language:


























rose garden sampler
this long out-of-print cross stitch is back and features a gorgeous and abundant bouquet...             read more....








wildflowers
our classic wildflowers is back! a great companion piece to the rose garden sampler...             read more....



 



row of boots
embrace your country roots with this vibrant cross stitch of kicky boots!          read more....







pattern keeper compatibility: we have been working with pattern keeper on compatibility of our designs. please click here for more information. 
					




shipping delays: please note that we are experiencing significant delays in orders that need to be shipped. it may take up to 2 weeks to receive orders shipped within the united states and 3 to 4 weeks for international orders.
					our pdf download charts are of course available instantly upon completion of your order. 
					









sign up for our newsletter!










hop into the new year!
sunday, december 26, 2021





this clever and unique sampler design features two playful bunnies surrounded by a lovely and intricate ribbon and floral border. a touch of art nouveau...
read more...
n is for needlework!
sunday, december 19, 2021





have fun cross stitching this needlework inspired sampler! then see how easy it is to fashion it into a delightful accent for a craft room or sewing room....
read more...
a heartwarming sampler
sunday, december 12, 2021





our long out-of-print classic sampler with a variegated thread effect using only solid floss colors will be an instant heirloom. give your home décor a...
read more...














copyright © 1984-2025 kooler design studio inc.
all designs, images and information on this site are copyrighted and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any form without the express written permission of kooler design studio or their respective owners.  "kooler design studio" and the kooler design studio logo are trademarks of kooler design studio, inc.
					
all rights reserved worldwide.












follow @koolerdesigns















what's new | designers | blog | about us | news | contact us | licensing | corrections | privacy & security policy
ordering & shipping policy | search our catalog | kit store | chart store | book store | free projects

















using kooler design pdf download charts with pattern keeper

		many kooler design studio pdf download charts work with pattern keeper as provided, however for some charts
		adjustments may be necessary:
	


			in order to complete pdf import, you may need to input thread
			numbers. 1/4 stitches will show as 2 symbols in one box. it may be helpful
			to enter both numbers (example: blanc-725).
			the program only recognizes one of the symbols so you will have to
			use the chart to stitch the second symbol.
		

			pattern keeper was designed for tracking only full x's so you
			will need to use the pdf file for 1/4, 1/2, french knots, petite stitch,
			specialty stitches, backstitching and straight stitches.
		

			in some cases, pdf's that include alphabets or numerical chart pages
			may need to be separated from pdf in order fix grid problems.
			this is most common with stockings.
			please contact us at info@koolerdesign.com if you have additional questions.
		

pattern keeper may be adding features in the future that will handle these issues. please contact them for more information.








