






















katy area edc










 


 skip to main content.















our membersjoin today!calendar of eventscontact

follow us!youtubefacebooktwitterlinkedin


toggle navigation




aboutwhy katy?calendar of eventsour servicesstrategic planstaffgovernanceeconomic development partnerscontact usmembershipbecome a memberour membersboard of governorsstrategic partnersassociatesnonprofits/mwbesboard emeritus/ex-officiocalendar of eventslivinghousingeducationarts, culture & eventsrecreationhealthcareshopping and diningreligiongovernment structurebr&ebusiness servicesbusiness resourcesincentivesfinancingsite selectionavailable propertiestarget industriesincentivesfinancingregional profilelocation advantagesmap roomutilitiestaxesentrepreneursstarting a business in texasworkforceworkforce dataleading employershigher educationregistered apprenticeshipworkforce programsworkforce trainingworkforce partnersjobssubmit a job opportunitynews & medianewsmember features





registered apprenticeship: helping employers address talent needsthree counties, three cities: the best of southeast texas


previous



next





join today! our members regional profile target industries available properties registered apprenticeship 








facebook
twitter
linkedin
email
print






















energy grows here
founded in 2003, the katy area economic development council’s (katy area edc) mission is to lead the economic development efforts of the katy area to recruit, retain and expand new high quality, high impact companies, jobs and talent to improve the quality of life and place of katy area residents.since its inception, the katy area edc has grown to over 200 members, has a budget of $800,000 and has assisted in the creation of thousands of jobs and billions in capital investment. katy area edc is a full-service private, non-profit, 501 (c) 6 economic development corporation.








1state for corporate expansions and locations site selection 20201best state for business chief executive 20221fastest-growing state economy u.s. bureau of economic analysis 20201best state to start a business wallethub 2019




the greater katy area: people and goods move with easea premier location in texas just 30 miles west of downtown houston, maintains a comfortable and safe family-oriented community with easy access to the opportunities of a metro region.



previous



next

 


featured news

                    view all








                                    newquest kicks off newest regional retail project:  $400m texas heritage marketplace in katy
sunday, january 26, 2025

                                                                            release provided by newquestnewquest has commenced construction on the $400 million mixed-use shopping center dubbed texas heritage marketplace in waller county. target has been secured to anchor the development and will build a 149,000-sf store.the 165-acre development fronts interstate 10 and the newly completed texas...
                                    
                                                                    
read more
 




                                    katy, fulshear officials prioritize parks, discuss green space projects for 2025
wednesday, january 22, 2025

                                                                            by: aubrey vogel - community impactseveral high-priority park projects are set to begin or end in 2025, katy and fulshear officials said.the city of katy is set to begin construction on its first citywide trail system that will bring residents from the future leyendecker landing...
                                    
                                                                    
read more
 






board of governors

























































































































































 lacenterra at cinco ranch
lacenterra at cinco ranch is an upscale 34-acre, 300,000 square foot main street style mixed-use development with 271,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space.people move here for our schools
in a region with some of the best schools in the nation, katy isd is ranked the #1 school district in the houston area and #13 in the state.enjoy the time and space to meet your neighbors
the greater katy area offers safe, idyllic neighborhoods with spacious homes and high-quality schools.charmed by casual small-town vibes
new residents quickly feel part of the community because of the pervasive spirit of volunteerism, the desirable jobs, and “friday night lights” football.


previous



next

 



advertising partners

























 

testimonials
“texas continues to shine as the beacon of economic prosperity in america, and i am proud to accept site selection’s governor’s cup for a record-shattering tenth straight year. texas is the new frontier where dreams, families, and jobs grow. this honor is a testament to the unmatched business climate and highly skilled and diverse workforce we have cultivated here in the lone star state.”
– governor greg abbott



previous



next












katy area economic development council 2002 w. grand parkway north | suite 220    katy, tx 77449office:
                                                (281) 396-2200
                                             

homecontactsite mapdisclaimer and acknowledgments










                               copyright © 2025 katy area economic development council. all rights reserved.
                            

                                economic development websites by
                                
                                    golden shovel agency.
                            
















        list of javascript dependencies not enabled:
        google translate, share-links.js, interface.js, universal-buttons.js, and slick-carousel 1.9.0.

        additional note:
        our module pages support additional js to fully function but still will be traversable.
    









  remove cookies




