





	westwind club - welcome to paradise at cable beach in the bahamas


























































 owners area
								




























































homeaboutthe resortthe villastimeshare calendargeneral informationour staffthe storesales & rentalsrental reservationsrci tradeslauren's bargain binthe bahamasfor ownersnews & eventscontact






















								welcome to paradise at cable beach in the bahamas
							










welcome to paradise at cable beach in the bahamas


















welcome to paradise!
beautiful sunsets, crystal clear water, soft sand, great snorkeling, fishing, sailing, golfing... and most of all endless relaxation, adventure and making lifelong friendships. choose your pleasure!

learn more










welcome to paradise!
beautiful sunsets, crystal clear water, soft sand, great snorkeling, fishing, sailing, golfing... and most of all endless relaxation, adventure and making lifelong friendships. choose your pleasure!

learn more










welcome to paradise!
beautiful sunsets, crystal clear water, soft sand, great snorkeling, fishing, sailing, golfing... and most of all endless relaxation, adventure and making lifelong friendships. choose your pleasure!

learn more










welcome to paradise!
beautiful sunsets, crystal clear water, soft sand, great snorkeling, fishing, sailing, golfing... and most of all endless relaxation, adventure and making lifelong friendships. choose your pleasure!

learn more
















what can you expect from your stay with us?
 
westwind club, located directly on the ocean with a desirable cable beach address in the bahamas, is known for quality and friendliness - we are an intimate, quiet resort with 21 spread-out units (villas) nestled between two private estates. each villa has a private patio, living room and fully equipped kitchen.  20 of our villas include a bedroom and loft, both of which sleep two; the remaining villa has a single bedroom that sleeps two.  the villas are located along our private driveway leading up to the clubhouse where our small private beach, heated outdoor pool, and spacious clubhouse with a snack bar are located for relaxing and visiting with old and new friends alike. 














beach
enjoy your private beach, whether it be for the scenic beauty, morning or evening sunsets, kayaking, snorkeling or standing and floating around having a cocktail with friends - our beach will open your eyes to the beautiful blue waters of the bahamas.
if you would like to explore public beaches, there are numerous beaches on the island for your enjoyment - junkanoo and goodman's bay beaches on cable beach and jaws beach are just a few beaches for you to explore. 



fishing
whether you bring your own pole with you to throw in a line from our westwind beach or you arrange for a private charter for a more adventurous day, the waters of the bahamas have something for any angler.



water activities
for those looking for exercise, rent out one of our ocean kayaks, paddle boards or sunfish sailboat for your own private adventure from the clubhouse.
if you are looking for something more, ask lauren to help you schedule a private charter or sign up for one of the many excursions offered throughout the island.  whether it be a relaxing boat ride around the island, a catamaran day of sailing to private beaches or power boat rides to exuma or eluthra islands, your adventure is just a phone call away.



golf
visit one of three golf courses located on the island:

royal blue golf course - part of the baha mar
the ocean club - located on paradise island
golf at albany in the bahamas

 



snorkeling
rent snorkeling gear from the club or bring your own with you.  novice or advanced snorkeler, our beach has a starting point for your snorkeling adventure.
if you are looking for more, stuart coves, bay west adventures or powerboat adventures are just a few excursions for you to choose from for a more adventurous day on the water seeing all the marine life the bahamas has to offer.
scuba diving is also available from several of the local diving excursions.



adventure
whether it be creating your own adventure or planning day trips, the bahamas has plenty to offer your entire party.  catamarans, powerboats, parasailing, ocean kayaking, paddle boarding, snorkeling, scuba, simply enjoying the pristine, turquoise blue waters of the bahamas - the bahamas has something for everyone of all ages!



relaxation
enjoy the clubhouse at westwind club, right on the ocean and adjacent to the pool.  sit back and enjoy the ocean breeze and casual conversations with old friends and new.  relaxation is what westwind club specializes in, and you will not be disappointed.














my friends and i just love it here. thanks to all of you for making us feel so welcome and at home. we are already planning our next trip


aubree









thank you for a fabulous week!


tiffany









hi! i was visiting there 2 weeks ago in unit 11. absolutely loved it there! can i be notified when units are available?


pamela









i miss that view 🥰 53 days and counting


yvonne









we will be there next saturday!!!!! finally after 2 years we are coming back for 2 whole weeks!!!! can not wait!!!!


jeni









coming with our whole clan  and 20 plus guests! have already been away too long. can’t wait!


chuck





















westwind club photos






 







 







 







 







 







 
view the full gallery

















if you have questions or would like to rent or own a piece of paradise, please contact us at sales@westwindclub1.net today!
 









 


















			         © 2025 westwind club lmt.  |  privacy policy  |  site map



















































