





shop the best home decor to style your space | a home decor store






















you need to enable javascript.



























































































blogaccount checkout 













a home decor store

 shop all

art & wall artlightingmirrorsrugs & curtainsstorage & organizationpillows & throwsfurniturecandles & fragrancefloral & treesfigurines & statuesthemes





















art & wall artlightingmirrorsrugs & curtainsstorage & organizationpillows & throwsfurniturecandles & fragrancefloral & treesfigurines & statuesthemes












a home decor store


shop now 











featured categories




bathroom
shop now





blankets
shop now





kitchen decor
shop now





vases
shop now














create your dream home with stylish home decor
discover the art of home styling with our exclusive collection of home decor, where every piece is a reflection of elegance and functionality. from statement furniture pieces to decorative accents that add personality, our curated selection ensures your living spaces are both inviting and stylish. whether you're looking to refresh your bedroom, living room, or kitchen, our high-quality decor items offer a blend of modern trends and timeless classics. elevate your home with our range of colors, textures, and designs, and transform your living space into a sanctuary that reflects your taste and enhances your everyday living.
shop now and discover the perfect home decor for your space at a home decor store 













get in touch
what can we do to help?

contact us



























featured products










taihu snow silk simple jacquard luxury mulberry silk sheet set







										$516.28					




add to cart
















taihu snow silk simple luxury white stripe mulberry silk sheet set







										$516.28					




add to cart
















metal wall decor with uniquedecor sense







										$58.25					




add to cart
















splendid metal leaf wall decor







										$79.50					




add to cart

















riviera lounge







										$166.05					




add to cart
















vintage inspire metal bronze accent table







										$63.44					




add to cart
















wonderful metal bench







										$322.96					




add to cart
















wood mirrored cabinet







										$527.20					




add to cart





















what can we help you find?

















information
about uscontact usshipping & returnsprivacy policyterms & conditions


my account my accountorder historytrack ordersaddress book


connect with us  twitter facebook pinterest instagram youtube


  secure payments












			©  a home decor store. all rights reserved.












































our website uses cookies to make your browsing experience better. by using our site you agree to our use of cookies. learn more
i agree



×
what are cookies
as is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. this page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. we will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
for more general information on cookies see the wikipedia article on http cookies.
how we use cookies
we use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. it is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
disabling cookies
you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser help for how to do this). be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
the cookies we set


account related cookies
if you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. these cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.


login related cookies
we use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. this prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. these cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.


form related cookies
when you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.


site preference cookies
in order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. in order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.


third party cookies
in some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. the following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.


this site uses google analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
for more information on google analytics cookies, see the official google analytics page.


we also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with social network in various ways. for these to work, the social networks may set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site, or contribute to other purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.







