




































    
    regional solutions & services | etcog
  
  












          


       home



  about


   governing boards



  open meetings



  procurements



  membership





  news



  solutions reports


   east texas region



  anderson county



  camp county



  cherokee county



  gregg county



  harrison county



  henderson county



  marion county



  panola county



  rains county



  rusk county



  smith county



  upshur county



  van zandt county



  wood county





  financials



  services


   911 address verification



  broadband



  demographic data



  digital design



  economic development


   community development



  brownfields program





  environmental programs



  executive recruitment



  gis & it services



  grant opportunities



  public safety services



  purchasing cooperative



  senior services



  solid waste program


   report illegal dumping



  municipal solid waste grants



  fy25 grant applications



  closed landfill inventory



  solid waste management guides, regulations, statutes





  transportation services



  veteran-friendly community


   vfc application





  workforce development & child care



  more services





  employment


   job opportunities



  member job board





  regional directory


   city governments


   alba



  alto



  arp



  athens



  beckville



  berryville



  big sandy



  brownsboro



  bullard



  caney city



  canton



  carthage



  chandler



  clarksville city



  coffee city



  cuney



  east mountain



  east tawakoni



  easton



  edgewood



  edom



  elkhart



  emory



  enchanted oaks



  eustace



  frankston



  fruitvale



  gallatin



  gary



  gilmer



  gladewater



  grand saline



  gun barrel city



  hallsville



  hawkins



  henderson



  hideaway lake



  jacksonville



  jefferson



  kilgore



  lakeport



  lindale



  log cabin



  longview



  mabank



  malakoff



  marshall



  mineola



  moore station



  mount enterprise



  murchison



  new chapel hill



  new london



  new summerfield



  noonday



  ore city



  overton



  palestine



  payne springs



  pittsburg



  point



  poynor



  quitman



  reklaw



  rocky mound



  rusk



  scottsville



  seven points



  star harbor



  tatum



  tool



  trinidad



  troup



  tyler



  uncertain



  union grove



  van



  warren city



  waskom



  wells



  white oak



  whitehouse



  wills point



  winnsboro



  winona



  yantis





  county governments


   anderson county



  camp county



  cherokee county



  gregg county



  harrison county



  henderson county



  marion county



  panola county



  rains county



  rusk county



  smith county



  upshur county



  van zandt county



  wood county





  east texas legislators



  school districts



  councils of governments



  etcog contacts





  contact


   public information request



  social media










   get in touch 903-218-64003800 stone roadkilgore, tx 75662     

 

 

 

 

 










     
  


   

contact us






 



          english
en



  español
es







   903-218-6400
  


     

 

 

 

 







     










        providing regional solutions 
for east texas
   

our services




    providing regional solutionsfor east texas
   

our services




   
hello, we are the east texas council of governments we are a voluntary association of counties, cities, school districts and special districts within the fourteen-county east texas region. we assist local governments in planning for common needs, cooperating for mutual benefit and coordinating for sound regional development.


   we serve as the bridge between federal, state, and local governments, helping cities and counties solve challenges and impact the future regionally.﻿established in 1970, etcog, either directly or through its contractors, provides programs and services for east texas
seniors,
employers, and job seekers. etcog and its contractors also build the
9-1-1 emergency call delivery system, provide peace officer training and homeland security planning services, and deliver rural
transportation services,
business finance programs, and
environmental grant funding for the region. we serve anderson, camp, cherokee, gregg, harrison, henderson, marion, panola, rains, rusk, smith, upshur, van zandt, and wood counties.  




   
  

call us

  

about us


   

contact us




    serving east texas local governments, 
seniors, employers, and job seekers
 
    

  disaster recovery assistance
natural disaster resources   

button




  

  economic development
economic development district, broadband, and grant assistance   

button






  

  environmental programs
air quality and solid waste management planning   

button




  

  gis & it services
regional technology solutions   

button





    

  senior services
area agency on aging of east texas   

button




  

  public safety
9-1-1, criminal justice, homeland security   

button




  

  public transportation
gobus transit   

button




  

  workforce development
workforce solutions east texas   

button







  

more services




    news, events & announcements



        

    etcog releases 2024 regional solutions reports


 by east texas council of governments
•
february 12, 2025

etcog is committed to delivering impactful regional solutions, guided by the leadership of our board, executive committee, and advisory committees. to highlight the results of our work, we have released the 2024 solutions reports, providing a county-by-county snapshot of the services and resources delivered during fiscal year 2024.                                                                                     these reports showcase etcog’s service deliverables across critical areas, including economic development, environmental impact, public safety enhancement, senior services, public transportation, and workforce development.                                                                                     across the region, etcog is proud to report the following accomplishments:                                                                   $8.7m allocated in regional grants                                                           $2.5m invested in the 9-1-1 system                                                           89.3k job seekers and employers served                                                           11.6k seniors received essential services                                                           $32.4m provided for childcare assistance                                                           128,643 gobus trips provided                                                           457k meals served to seniors                                                           1,654 peace officers trained                                                                                                 each solutions report breaks down these results at the county level, showcasing how etcog has directly supported residents and local jurisdictions. copies of the reports will be distributed to area elected officials and etcog members this month, along with their annual dues statements.                                                                                     etcog’s local membership dues, contributed by cities, counties, and special districts, help fund general council operations and provide required matching funds for key federal and state programs that benefit east texas.                                                                                                  digital reports are available on our website year-round. to see how etcog has specifically served your county, view the 2024 solutions reports at                                              www.etcog.org/solutions-reports                                  .

 




   

    etcog allocates $81,429.64 to east texas projects for solid waste reduction efforts


 by east texas council of governments
•
february 3, 2025

the east texas council of governments (etcog) announces $81,429.64 in grants from the texas commission on environmental quality (tceq) awarded to east texas jurisdictions, special districts, and regional initiatives to support waste minimization efforts in etcog's fourteen-county region. this funding assists jurisdictions in establishing or expanding projects that would directly provide a measurable effect on reducing the amount of waste going into area landfills by diverting various materials from the municipal solid waste stream for beneficial use or reducing waste generation at the source.                                                                                     applicants were eligible to apply for the following municipal solid waste grant project categories:                                                      1) local enforcement, 2) litter and illegal dumping clean up and community collection events, 3) source reduction & recycling, 4) local solid waste management plans, 5) citizens' collection stations and "small" registered transfer stations, 6) household hazardous waste management, 7) technical studies, 8) educational and training projects.                                                                                     etcog annually helps jurisdictions apply for funds, which are then ranked and scored by our solid waste advisory committee. this committee is made up of local subject matter experts from the region. after the etcog executive committee approves the projects, we recommend them to tceq. tceq has approved the following grants in east texas for funding.                                                                                     fy 2025 solid waste grant projects - $81,429.64                         ﻿

 




   

    txcdbg announcement: applications available for 2025 downtown revitalization program


 by texas department of agriculture
•
january 29, 2025

the t                                  exas department of agriculture                                               (tda) is pleased to announce the release of a new grant opportunity for the upcoming program year 2025:                                                                                                 2025 cdbg downtown revitalization program, with main street set aside (cdm)                                                                                     purpose: the downtown revitalization program objective is to provide infrastructure improvements to address the conditions that contribute to the deterioration in an area designated as slum or blighted in the applicant community's downtown or main street area..                                                                                     maximum grant amount:  $1,000,000                                                      community application deadline: april 3, 2025                                                      program landing page & application guide                                                                                     application webinars and technical assistance                                                                                     the application process for 2025 has been revised to include two distinct phases. the community application, due april 3, 2025, will collect information needed to assess community eligibility and scoring. applicants that score within funding range will be invited to submit a project application that identifies a project and details the specific work to be performed.                                                                                                  a webinar has been planned to assist applicants with this new process – no registration is required, and the link to join the session can be found on the                                              txcdbg training webpage                                  .                                                                                                                         january 29, 2025 - application webinar for 2025 txcdbg downtown revitalization program                                                           february 19, 2025 - application webinar for 2025 txcdbg downtown revitalization program                                                                                                              if you have questions regarding either application, please reach out to                                              cdbgapps@texasagriculture.gov                                  .

 







  

more news




   our region councils of governments (cogs)  are voluntary associations of local governments formed under texas law. the east texas council of governments serves fourteen counties in the east texas region.centrally located within the united states, east texas is easily accessible by air, rail and road. our region has top-notch education and workforce training institutes. and you just will not find anywhere else with the combination of rolling hills, piney woods and vast, clear lakes that comprise the largely undeveloped east texas landscape.  

 



    open meetings
 
our meetings are open to the public. upcoming meetings are posted a minimum of 72 hours in advance.   

meetings


 procurements 
we seek quotes, bids, and proposals on an as needed basis. see what procurement opportunities we have available here.   

procurements


  job opportunities
 
interested in joining the etcog team? see what job opportunities are currently available.   

jobs




     open meetings
 
our meetings are open to the public.
﻿upcoming meetings are posted a minimum of 72 hours in advance.   

meetings


  financial transparency
 
 etcog discloses the financial health of the organization in our annual comprehensive financial report. we provide this information in order to ensure transparency in all financial matters. d548c834   

reports


 procurements 
 we seek quotes, bids, and proposals on an as needed basis. see what procurement opportunities we have available here.   

procurements




   what our members think 



       
  east texas council of governments represents a collective initiative by member counties to make our region of the state a better place to live and raise a family.
judge bill stoudt
  

button



 
  i am pleased with the accountability, transparency, and efficiency etcog delivers for our local elected officials everyday. frankly, etcog's scope and span of programs and services may be one of our region's most unfamiliar assets!
judge robert johnston
  

button



 
  i am very honored to have been elected as board chairman for an organization consisting of so many outstanding community leaders. i continue to enjoy working with each of them and the etcog staff as we collectively address the many shared concerns of our communities.
councilman bob tardiff
  

button









   
judge bill stoudt gregg county east texas council of governments represents a collective initiative by member counties to make our region of the state a better place to live and raise a family.
 
 judge aj mason
 camp county the many programs administered by etcog touch the lives of every citizen in our 14-county region. we are fortunate to have this organization that constantly strives to have a positive impact on east texas. the leadership and staff at etcog are second to none and east texas is a better place because of it.
 
councilman bob tardiff city of lindale i am very honored to have been elected as board chairman foran organization consisting of so many outstanding communityleaders. i continue to enjoy working with each of them and the etcog staff as we collectivelyaddress the many shared concerns of our communities. 







   
    let’s connect
     

 

 

 

 





 
 contact us
 3800 stone roadkilgore, texas 75662903-218-6400accessibility statementequal opportunity employer/programauxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. deaf, hard-of-hearing or speech-impaired customers may contact relay texas: 800-735-2989 (tty) and 711 (voice). equal opportunity is the law. equal opportunity notice in english and spanish
 
 sign up for our newsletter
  
   





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later



















































































































  
  share by:












  


