



the complexity and artificial life research concept for self-organizing systems












welcome to
the complexity & artificial life research concept
for self-organizing systems

this site is dedicated to modern systems thinking in all its various forms
an on-line educational activity of calresco, for scientist, artist and humanist, young and old


 click here to read our complex systems teachings 





specialisms
generalisms
applications

complexity
our scope : arts - sciences - psyche 
aesthetics



alife
attractors
automata
chaos
fractals
genetics
neural net
nonlinear
self-org


introduction to complexity science

physics
chemistry
biology
psychology
sociology
medicine
music
business
technology


paper links
creativity - truth - interaction
education





the tour bus
help and overview
thematic introductions
related applications


our concept
faqs and tutorials
our research papers
actions for a better world


art exhibitions
miscellaneous links
who are calresco ?
holarchic education




here we will introduce the integrating sciences of complex systems and of
alife together with related systems areas. we'll also pursue the wider social implications of these transdisciplinary theories of self-organization on mind, art, spirit and life as it could be...
are these the eagerly awaited questions behind "life, the universe and everything" ?

not quite... even our infinite improbability drive can't take you there.
but on this site, effects drive causes, answers pose the questions, science and values merge and we take trips into strange new worlds, travelling in an unreal phase space within hidden dimensions.
fiction ? you may well think so. yet everything here is pure science, with lots of art and philosophy thrown in free, reflecting what's striking and best in recent research (our own and that of others) in the new contextual sciences of complexity theory 
plus associated fields. this is the creative, and very human, scientific world of tomorrow.
our aim is to educate, to entertain, to inspire, but most of
all to expand your mind into new thought patterns - those of the 21st century,
where science, arts, humanity and spirit will again be one. enjoy your trip...

but be warned - this site is conceptually demanding, those 'truths' you know are but shadows. once infected by our alien thought virus, you will never be quite 'normal' again... you will begin to mutate, morphing up to a higher level, our level, beings whose abilities cross universes, transcend cultures, break free. finally understanding the true beauty of sharing. or you may sink down into insanity... dare you take that risk ?

release 4.83  -  january 2010

calresco is a cosmopolitan non-profit organisation dedicated to promoting the wider aspects of the complex system sciences by education, synthesis and by the integration of the theories into the mainstream viewpoints of arts, philosophy and science. all the textual materials on this site are made freely available for use, unmodified, in any non-commercial context (excludes some copyrighted artwork). any part may be quoted with appropriate acknowledgement of the source.


the views expressed on these pages are those of the authors and should not be taken to reflect the views of any particular academic community or discipline. we believe them to be consistent, however, with the generally accepted viewpoint of the new sciences, with some personal additions.


we have tried to make this site accessible to those readers with visual or equipment limitations (so nothing too fancy here). if any part fails those requirements or if you wish to comment generally on the site or materials then please email me (chris lucas) at calresco
thank you for visiting this site,
regards
the calresco group members








if this is your first visit we would recommend continuing by joining our tour bus, 
just click the  button to do so, or for a quick overview of our site and themes click .
otherwise check out our  page for the latest additions,   for our writings on complex systems science, life and spirit, search our site , or go to  for our table of contents. bye for now.

"everything is in flux" - heraclitus 500 bce



"chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit." - henry adams (1838-1918)
"when i see i am nothing, that is wisdom. when i see i am everything, that is love.my life is a movement between these two."nisargadatta maharaj (1897-1981)
"there is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.there is another which states that this has already happened." douglas adams, the hitchiker's guide to the galaxy, 1980
"in life, it is the journey that is important, not the final destination..." - anonymous sage






