










call realty in greater spokane
























































skip to content



 
 tenants

tenant portal login
pay online
repair request
rental search
how to apply
apply online
tips for renters
move-in/move-out checklist


 owners
apply online
(509) 921-9898
 















menu


property management
about
pricing
rental search
contact
 





















property managementacross greater spokane











partner with the washington state rental property experts












view pricing











get started


















discover our services














full-service management support for your home















property marketingwe aim to rent your home quickly, protecting your cash flow and bottom line. we use a sophisticated assortment of marketing techniques to publicize your listing.
 










maintenancekeeping your rental in good shape not only protects the value of your investment, it also keeps tenants satisfied. we handle all repair requests & get the work done correctly.
 













tenant screeningby placing high-quality tenants, we're able to avoid many common rental issues. all applicants must meet our strict criteria to receive approval for one of our homes.
 










property inspectionsour team schedules frequent inspection visits for the homes in our portfolio. inspections help us catch potential problems in advance and keep tenants in line.
 













rent collectionare you still following up on late payments each month? let us collect your funds for you. we keep tenants current & impose penalties when necessary.
 










financial reportingwe create financial statements for you each month, with your income and expenses clearly documented. sign into your account at any time to take a look.
 

















why partner with call realty as your property manager?






we make owning a rental home easy.





















we're easy to reach & proactively keep you informed









worried about signing a property management contract with a team that ignores your concerns? don't be. we are easily accessible by phone and email, and we make sure your questions and problems are resolved quickly.





















our team offers the best customer service









at call realty, we want to provide the best greater spokane property management support possible. we go the extra mile to keep you profitable and we truly listen to your needs. you won't find a more friendly, capable team.





















integrity is an essential part of who we are









some property managers will do anything for a quick buck; at call realty, you'll never need to worry about that. we are committed to transparency and honesty, and we never put our interests before your own. that's a promise.





















we have over 25 years of local experience under our belt









our real estate team has been helping local homeowners since 1993. in that time, we've seen and handled it all. don't let just anyone manage your property; instead, work with a manager who knows with a proven track record of success.




































"me and my family rented from call realty for one year. i have used property management companies in ca and az—this company was by far the best. they are very clear with their expectations from moving in all the way to moving out."
 - cameron bonner, previous tenant











"call realty has served several of my clients over the last 5 years. each client has been satisfied with the property management services they provided for their rental properties. as a realtor, i have found them to be responsive, helpful, and willing to do what it takes to satisfy the client. i look forward to seeing them continue to grow."
 - jonas elber
























contact us for a rent analysis







1determine how much your property should earn monthly.
2find out how we can help you increase your profits.
3see whether your home is a fit for our management approach.
























step 1 of 6


16%


tell us the condition of your property*


excellent (good curb appeal, updated interiors)



good (nice property, but needs some updates)



poor (bad curb appeal, needs renovations, etc.)








what is your strategy/goal?*


long-term investment



short-term rental



unsure



 




which best describes your maintenance approach?*


willing to invest to keep property in top condition.



willing to invest in required work and some extra improvements.



only willing to invest in required improvements.



very price-conscious and not willing to invest in improvements.



 




are you current on all your house payments?*


yes, we are current on our payment



no, we are not current on our payments



 




what is your biggest concern with your property?*


 




property details*name*phone*email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



























*please note call realty property management does not accept comprehensive reusable tenant screening reports

















real, recent reviews























we are the local spokane rental pros














own homes in the spokane area? choose the best possible partner.






if you own rental properties in spokane or the surrounding areas, it's important to carefully weigh your options for a property management partner. plenty of companies make big promises about how they'll help you succeed, but very few are able to deliver on those commitments. at call realty, we have the firsthand experience and expertise necessary to consistently deliver impressive results.






from finding great tenants to handling repair requests, accounting chores, and property inspections, our team takes care of all of your rental needs. we work with you to ensure none of your concerns go unnoticed. whether you have a single rental home or a large portfolio of units, learn today how our greater spokane property management support can help you breathe new life into your real estate investments.


















tell us about your rental property
we'd love to discuss your unique situation
learn how our management packages are designed to fit your need: (509) 921-9898





contact us












 










call realty 12623 e sprague avenue, ste 4
spokane valley, wa 99216
(509) 921-9898
employment


tenantstenants portal
pay online
repair request
rental search
application process
apply online
move-in/move-out checklist
 

  


review us
 





copyright © 2025 ajc management llc, dba call realty. all rights reserved. | sitemap | 

property management website design by doorgrow


call realty is committed to ensuring compliance with the americans with disabilities act, including incorporating the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) 2.1 (https://www.w3.org/tr/wcag21/) and applying level a success criteria and conformance requirements. any concerns regarding accessibility can be directed to support@doorgrow.com. please find our website accessibility policy here. aug 18, 20290 



























