






divorce and child custody: free information for fathers


































    
	divorce and child custody: free information for fathers
	
  
a site devoted to dedicated fathers trying to retain equal access to their children.
          books for dads          
          legal survival guides          
          books for kids          
books on representing yourself







monday, may 12, 2008



	 
	 child-custody bill: limit court action while soldier-parents overseas - pennsylvania
	 
    


child-custody bill: limit court action while soldier-parents overseasexcerpt:pennsylvania soldiers sent into battle overseas would not have to worry about custody battles back home under a bill that cleared the senate last week and moves to the state house. sen. mike folmer, r-lebanon, sponsored the bill that would prevent courts from making permanent changes to custody arrangements involving the children of any serviceman deployed for active duty. and when a soldier returns home, the bill would prohibit courts from siding against the serviceman on the grounds that his military duties are not in the child's best interest. labels: custody, legal info, legislation, military



posted by meg at 10:09 pm
21 comments











	 
	 sharing parents the best answer - north dakota
	 
    


sharing parents the best answerfrom the article:information was also given that social science research supports shared parenting, and that the so-called "best interest standard" is really no standard at all.a study was also presented stating that 70 percent of young adult children of divorces wanted equal time with the absent parent and that the remaining 30 percent wanted significantly more overnights with the father.labels: custody, joint custody, north dakota, shared parenting



posted by meg at 9:56 pm
7 comments











	 
	 obama's responsible fatherhood and healthy families act
	 
    


apparently part of barack obama's platform on family includes the following:strengthen fatherhood and families: since 1960, the number of american children without fathers in their lives has quadrupled, from 6 million to more than 24 million. children without fathers in their lives are five times more likely to live in poverty and commit crime, nine times more likely to drop out of school, and 20 times more likely to end up in prison. barack obama has re-introduced the responsible fatherhood and healthy families act to remove some of the government penalties on married families, crack down on men avoiding child support payments, ensure that support payments go to families instead of state bureaucracies, fund support services for fathers and their families, and support domestic violence prevention efforts. as president, obama will sign this bill into law and continue to implement innovative measures to strengthen families.this is not an endorsement but is certainly interesting. i'm always concerned with the "crack down" language in reference to purported support dodgers without corresponding language about parental rights, accountability, etc...labels: barack obama, child support, fathers rights, politics



posted by meg at 9:45 pm
4 comments








tuesday, august 07, 2007



	 
	 state wants to know if you might be a dad - virginia
	 
    


state wants to know if you might be a dadexcerpts:the state department of social services wants any man who is not married to a woman but could be the father of a child with her to voluntarily fill out a one-page registration.the law, which went into effect july 1, is designed to protect men's rights in the case of a future adoption.state officials emphasized that the confidential database is not an attempt to track sexual activity or partners. but it suggests men register "after relations with new partners or continued relations with the same woman."lawmakers passed the law creating the voluntary registry as a way to protect a man's rights and allow the state to notify him more quickly if a child he may have fathered is placed up for adoption.dss officials said registering means the state doesn't have to search high and low for the biological father, allowing an adoption to speed along. it also gives papa a chance to block the adoption if he wants to raise the child.a father can register before a child is born, even if he is not aware of a pregnancy. also the state suggests registering within 10 days of the birth, of receiving notice to register or within 10 days of discovering fraud by the mother.if fathers don't file the paperwork, they give up their right for the state to inform them about a possible adoption or if they've lost their parental rights.the registration doesn't establish paternity, which is a separate process. but dss officials confirmed that the state's child support enforcement office will have access to the registry.to register, men are asked to fill out a form they can get at their local dss office or online at http://www.vaputativefather.com/. the hotline number is (877) if-daddy.the form asks for the name of the mother and potential father along with his social security number and employment information, and it contains questions that try to pinpoint where and when the man and woman may have conceived the child.the state requires the men to sign the form and mail it to richmond, said carla harris, a dss spokeswoman. registration is free.if the form contains the address of the woman, she will be notified.labels: adoption, fatherhood, fathers rights, putative father registry, virginia



posted by meg at 1:32 pm
2 comments











	 
	 new jersey - highland park psychologist marsha kleinman
	 
    


ag: highland park psychologist coached girl on sex abuse claimsexcerpts:the state attorney general's office has filed a complaint seeking to revoke the license of a highland park psychologist who has frequently served as an expert in criminal child abuse cases based on allegations she coached a 3-year-girl to make false claims of sexual abuse about her father.in addition to the license revocation, marsha kleinman could face fines from the complaint filed friday before the state board of psychological examiners, a part of the division of consumer affairs. the accusations focus on kleinman's treatment of a young girl between july 2003 and december 2004. she is accused of questioning the girl about possible sexual abuse by her father in "a suggestive, coercive and/or manipulative manner," according to the 16-page complaint.kleinman, 56, denies the charges."when people are advocates for children who are harmed in the home, they become a lightning rod, and there are people such as myself being targeted across the country by fathers' rights groups to shut down people like myself who protect children," kleinman said today. "i expect all of this to be resolved."labels: abuse, new jersey, psychologist



posted by meg at 1:10 pm
6 comments








friday, april 13, 2007



	 
	 dads increase time with children, housework
	 
    


dads increase time with children, housework excerpts:a comprehensive study of “time diaries” by researchers from the university of maryland shows that fathers have increased their child-care work from 2.5 hours a week in 1965 to seven hours a week in 2003. there is a similar trend with housework: dads did 4.4 hours a week in 1965 and 9.6 hours a week in 2003.perhaps even more striking, the total workloads of married mothers and fathers – when paid work is added to child care and housework – is roughly equal, at 65 hours a week for mothers and 64 hours for fathers.“it’s not the case that men are slugs,” said william doherty, a family studies professor at the university of minnesota who has done several studies on fatherhood. “it’s a new generation of fathers, and they are internalizing some of the very high expectations that mothers have.”labels: families, fatherhood



posted by meg at 10:56 pm
2 comments











	 
	 who needs a father anyway?
	 
    


if feminists are to be believed no one does - not even this boy....you can view the video by clicking through glenn sacks blog.labels: fatherhood



posted by meg at 10:48 pm
3 comments











	 
	 parental alienation awareness day
	 
    


parental alienation awareness day is april 25th.visit parental alienation awareness for more information.labels: parental alienation



posted by meg at 10:44 pm
4 comments











	 
	 iowafathers.com hosting non-custodial parents rally
	 
    


iowafathers.com is hosting their a rally on 4/21/07. per email:on saturday, april 21, 2007, we are holding our first ever non-custodial parents rally in des moines in observance of parental alienation awareness day, which is april 25th. our guest speakers include presidential candidate dr. mark klein, stephen baskerville, phd, the president of american coalition for fathers and children (acfc), dick woods of fathers for equal rights, pastor ron smith of children need both parents, inc (chicago, il), among others. the event is being held from noon until 3:00 p.m. at the civic center of greater des moines, 227 walnut st., des moines, iowa, 50309-2104.labels: fathers groups, fathers rights, iowa, support groups



posted by meg at 10:35 pm
7 comments












enter your email to subscribe to divorce and child custody: free information for fathers: powered by feedblitz

site feed
subscribe to my site feed

previous posts

child-custody bill: limit court action while soldi...
sharing parents the best answer - north dakota
obama's responsible fatherhood and healthy familie...
state wants to know if you might be a dad - virginia
new jersey - highland park psychologist marsha kle...
dads increase time with children, housework
who needs a father anyway?
parental alienation awareness day
iowafathers.com hosting non-custodial parents rally
back from the dead (sort of) and more news to make...


links

home page email me accama acfc
akidsright.org ancpr bill's arena breaking the science
ccj collectively speaking cpf: fatherhood coalition
crc custody reform dads of michigan
fathers.com fathers 4 justice us flip or rent freedom network
glenn sacks ifeminists iowafathers.com louisiana dads
mensactivism.org mens center.com nevadans for equal parenting
new hampshire child custody and family law reform real family law representing yourself in court shared parenting works
sparc still a dad the online lawyer uptoparents.com

other blogs

a fathers struggle!
angry dad broken bread captain sql
dadvocate desert light journal
diary of a single dad disenfranchised father divorced dad daily
feminist4fathers hate male post 
iowa family law kansas family and divorce lawyer 
maine divorce law blog masculiste misformalevolent
one father's fight silly seattle stand up today
the y files true equality updates in michigan family law
archives

january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
october 2006
november 2006
february 2007
april 2007
august 2007
may 2008





site feed
























this page hosted by java king, inc. words, graphics, audio, video, and all other content published on the mensnewsdaily.com domain must adhere to our terms & conditions. java king, inc and its subsidiaries, advertisers, sponsors and affiliates,  disclaim all warranties, representations or endorsements herein expressed or implied. 













this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.




















