



national narcotic officers' associations' coalition






























skip to content
















menu




home


about us


leadership 

executive board
regional directors
associate members



position papers


partnership


foundation 

nnoac mission
about nnoac
partners
outreach programs
contact us
grants



membership dues


nnoac news 

the coalition
conference dates
nnoac outreach letters
media/press















national narcotic officers' associations' coalition


















law enforcement halt fentanyl sjc support












fifth amendment integrity restoration (fair) act












opposition to safe banking act






















thank you for attending


2025 nnoacdelegates meeting & conference


washington, d.c.hilton washington d.c. capitol hillon behalf of the national narcotic officers' associations' coalition (nnoac), we extend our sincere gratitude to all who attended the 2025 delegates meeting & conference.your active participation in the delegate meetings, engagement with our distinguished speakers, and involvement in the capitol hill visits were instrumental in advancing our collective mission to combat narcotics-related challenges nationwide.we look forward to your continued support and collaboration in our ongoing efforts to make our communities safer.













publication


njneoa digital news magazine


njneoa digital news magazine













publication


njneoa digital news magazine


njneoa digital news magazine













publication


the coalition publication


we must live in justice so nothing is without


editor's note: the 9th circuit just reversed its decision regarding my article appearing in the coalition magazine on page 15.  below is a new article re-reversal published by policeone. mike callahan wanted to alert readers to the new article on the decision.









news


president's message










support


nnoac partners program


partner with us! partnership and sponsorship info.





















remember that the majority of citizens in our country hold you in great esteem and value what you do every day by showing up, putting your lives on the line, and helping those in need. stay the course. - eric brown, president nnoac







to provide education, training and resources to law enforcement officers so they can safely and effectively protect our communities; to establish and deliver outreach programs that will educate the business community, school groups and parents about the consequences of drug abuse and the resulting crime; to support organizations and programs that promote anti-drug abuse services and resources.












about us  |  leadership
the coalition
members




nnoac foundation mission
outreach programs / grants
nnoac foundation contact









© 2025 national narcotic officers' associations' coalitionwebsite by: web chick



















