 











wise law office - toronto law firm & lawyers | serving ontario











































































 



 










 email us | request a consultation


 



 

 










 




     

 


 1112 eglinton avenue west
toronto, ontario, m6c 2e2
(416) 972-1800




 




menumenuhomeour services

employment law

wrongful dismissalontario employment agreements 
wills & estate law

last willtoronto estate litigation 
family law

legal separationlegal information 
civil litigationpersonal injurybusiness law

business servicesincorporation 
real estate law

buying a homeselling a homerefinancing a homeland transfer taxtitle insurancereal estate fees 

our peopleresources

mediawise law video library
blogcontact us

toronto officemississauga officeconsultation
payment portal 

menumenuhomeour services

employment law

wrongful dismissalontario employment agreements 
wills & estate law

last willtoronto estate litigation 
family law

legal separationlegal information 
civil litigationpersonal injurybusiness law

business servicesincorporation 
real estate law

buying a homeselling a homerefinancing a homeland transfer taxtitle insurancereal estate fees 

our peopleresources

mediawise law video library
blogcontact us

toronto officemississauga officeconsultation
payment portal 




 

 



wise law office - toronto law firm & lawyers | serving ontario
16561
home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-16561,bridge-core-3.3.3,mega-menu-top-navigation,mega-menu-mobile-navigation,,qode-title-hidden,qode-smooth-scroll-enabled,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-30.8.5,qode-theme-bridge,qode_header_in_grid,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-8.2,vc_responsive


 
meet the team request a consultation / 3  / 3 





dedicated, caring professionals. proven results since 1986.








wise law office – toronto litigation lawyers
dedicated, caring professionals. proven results since 1986.




welcome to wise law, a full-service toronto law firm with our main offices in midtown toronto and additional meeting offices in mississauga.
since 1986, our lawyers have consistently achieved significant results in employment law, estate litigation, family law, commercial litigation, and other civil litigation matters – both in and out of court. we also assist our clients with their estate planning requirements and in drafting last wills and powers of attorney.
wise law office is a client-centred, results-oriented law firm with a long history of technological leadership and innovation aimed at enhancing our services and creating cost-saving efficiencies.
we provide effective, diligent and assertive representation, always delivered with a human touch. we are a cohesive, diverse group of skillful, knowledgeable and caring professionals. we work closely with our clients, and keep them informed, every step of the way.
we pride ourselves on our prompt communications. beyond that, we listen.

book a consult


employment law
in today’s challenging economic environment, outsourcing, downsizing and even company “politics” can suddenly interrupt the careers of the most competent and faithful of employees. despite the increasing commonality of such an event, the unfair loss of secure, gainful employment can be an extraordinary personal and professional challenge.
since 1986, wise law office has consistently obtained significant compensation for improperly terminated employees in wrongful dismissal, constructive dismissal, and human rights claims.
our clients have included senior executives, managers, the clergy, dentists, optometrists, lawyers and other professionals, clerical and retail workers, i.t. workers and numerous other employees, from the shop floor to the boardroom.  
our toronto employment lawyers have successfully advocated for our clients in wrongful dismissal and constructive dismissal claims, severance, overtime, vacation and other employment standards act claims, ontario human rights code applications relating to sexual harassment and other forms discrimination in the workplace, as well occupational health and safety matters and federal claims under the canada labour code and the canadian human rights act.
we also provide timely representation with respect to employment contracts and other ontario employment law documentation.
for a detailed legal primer on employment agreements, termination, notice, constructive dismissal, and employment standards in wrongful dismissal matters, see garry j. wise’s wrongfully dismissed – or about to be?
assert your legal rights. request an initial consultation with a wise law employment lawyer, without fee or obligation. we will evaluate the merits of your case, inform you about your entitlements and rights, and provide our preliminary assessment. all communications with wise law are strictly confidential.

read more


book a consultation with a
toronto employment lawyer.








wills & estates
the preparation of your last will and testament and power of attorney for care (living will) represents an important step in the planning and protection of your family’s financial and legal requirements.
since 1986, wise law office has worked closely with our clients to draft their last wills and to prepare powers of attorney for property and powers of attorney for care n their behalf.
see our introduction to wills and powers of attorney for care (or living will) for basic information on this critical documentation and the processes and costs involved in preparing them. we are pleased to offer fully remote will and power of attorney services during the covid-19 era, including zoom video-conference meetings, and virtual document signing services.
we also provide representation in estate litigation matters, including will challenges, disputes over executorship, dependent support, estate accounting issues, guardianship, legal capacity applications and elder abuse investigations and advocacy.
our service is compassionate, discreet and confidential. as experienced wills & estate litigation lawyers, our job is to focus on our clients’ goals and to obtain results. we are effective advocates at motions, trials and appeals, but we also believe in skillful negotiation and mediation as a tool for reaching a resolution.
assert your legal rights. request an initial consultation with a wise law wills and estates lawyer, without fee or obligation. we will evaluate your requirements, inform you about our recommendations, and provide our preliminary assessment. all communications with wise law are strictly confidential.

read more


book a consultation with a
toronto wills & estates lawyer.




family law
separation and divorce can be among the most difficult challenges of a lifetime. simultaneously, personal and legal concerns may emerge affecting your children, your finances and your future.
navigating with our clients through difficult times clearly involves more than just our highest advocacy skills. it requires empathy, awareness, understanding, and most important, listening.
since 1986, our family lawyers have consistently and successfully resolved numerous family law cases, in negotiations, contested court proceedings and mediations, including custody, joint custody, access, child support, spousal support, family property, equalization of net family property, exclusive possession and domestic agreements.
learn more about family law & separation with our introduction to family law in ontario.
assert your legal rights. request an initial consultation with a wise law family lawyer, without fee or obligation. we will evaluate the merits of your case, inform you about your entitlements and rights, and provide our preliminary assessment. all communications with wise law are strictly confidential.

read more


book a consultation with a
toronto family law lawyer.








civil litigation
since 1986, wise law office has achieved significant results in numerous civil litigation and commercial litigation matters, on behalf of our own clients, and as counsel to law firms in toronto.
we represent plaintiffs and defendants in all ontario litigation matters, including commercial disputes, partnership disputes, sexual assault and other assault claims, property claims and real estate litigation,  employment law disputes, slip & fall and personal injury claims, neighbour disputes, construction claims including liens, and debt and foreign judgment enforcement claims.
our focus is results. we work with our clients to achieve cost effective, positive outcomes at the earliest opportunity. we are known for our prompt dealings with clients and counsel. as well, throughout any legal proceeding, we will keep you fully informed on all developments, as they happen, in real time.
we are experienced and effective at litigating and resolving a wide array of civil litigation matters – both in and out of court.
assert your legal rights. request an initial consultation with a wise law civil litigation lawyer, without fee or obligation.  we will evaluate the merits of your case, inform you about your entitlements and rights, and provide our preliminary assessment. all communications with wise law are strictly confidential.

read more


book a consultation with a
toronto civil litigation lawyer.




request a consultation
initial consultations are available without fee or obligation




request a telephone or video consultation with a wise law employment, wills and estate, family law or civil litigation lawyer. our initial consultation is offered without fee or obligation.
using the inquiry form below, please submit a brief description of your legal issue. we will respond to your message within one business day. after your inquiry has been reviewed, we may request additional documentation or other background information.
once received, our office will contact you to arrange a 15-minute preliminary consultation by telephone or video conference, as appropriate. if we are unable to provide the necessary assistance, we may suggest an appropriate alternate referral.
in our consultation, we will work with you to understand your legal issues and identity options to pursue your legal objectives. while we can only provide a preliminary recommendation at this stage, we will discuss the legal issues presenting, the compensation or remedies available to you, the processes involved in asserting your claims, our retainer terms (including the possibility of contingency fee arrangements) and provide our preliminary assessment as to the costs you may incur in pursuing your legal claims.
consultations are available in english, russian, tagalog, hebrew and (limited) hindi.
assert your legal rights. request an initial consultation with a wise law lawyer, without fee or obligation.  we will evaluate the merits of your case, inform you about your entitlements and rights, and provide our preliminary assessment. all communications with wise law are strictly confidential.




ask a wise law lawyer your legal question

all information provided is strictly privileged and confidential.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *type of legal issue *please select employment lawfamily lawcivil litigationwills & estatesotherhow may our lawyers assist you? *
leave this field empty


leave this field empty


leave this field empty

submit inquiry 


featured at wise law blog









visit our blog each monday for 140 law, our top 10 legal headlines of the previous week.













statutory layoffs, constructive dismissal and covid-19













ford government: ontario’s 13-week layoff limit eliminated during covid emergency













in conversation with…
garry wise’s series of video interviews with colleagues and experts on current legal issues













virtual witnessing of wills and powers of attorney comes to ontario during covid-19.  what will come next?





visit wise law blog


wise law in the community
wise law lawyers, simran bakshi and paul adam speaking at a legally adulting event in mississauga
as a firm, the staff and lawyers at wise law regularly contribute to the communities where we work and live with an array of education initiatives that promote the public’s access to legal knowledge and information. our initiatives include:

#legallyadulting, wise law’s recurring community townhalls – this seminar series features an interactive dialogue with wise law’s lawyers about the legal issues that come our way at life’s most important milestones such as new jobs, marriage, children and homes. during the current covid-19 restrictions, our programmes will continue on zoom. see wise law blog for upcoming dates and times.
legal information videos – garry wise, senior counsel and founder of wise law hosts “in conversation with…” a series of interviews with leaders on key topics of current interest. by way of recent examples, see: covid19 and criminal justice in ontario and covid19: federal relief initiatives for canada’s employers, employees, and workplaces.
wise law blog, our award-winning law blog – founded in 2005, wise law blog features articles on law, politics and legal news. visit us  the blog also features ‘#140law’, the firm’s top 10 legal headlines reported weekly like clockwork, and shared across all the firm’s social media sites. garry wise was “inducted into the canadian law blog awards (clawbies) hall of fame in 2017 for his contributions to wise law blog.
sponsorships – wise law has sponsored and participated in ongoing awareness and fundraising events, including: up all night (a campaign focused on generating mental health awareness), annual participation in kpga charity golf tournament, sponsorship of international peace awards and mental health training and awareness workshop, hosted by the gandhian initiative for development of support services (gidss).
awareness seminars – wise law presented on wills and powers of attorney at gilda’s club toronto.
speaking engagements for the legal community, including presentations for continuing professional development (cpd) programmes offered by the law society of upper canada, the ontario bar association and toronto lawyers association.
publications – wise law lawyers contribute regularly to the lawyer’s daily and have previously contributed to numerous publications, including bar-ex news, slawtips, huffington post, cch labour & law newsletter, canadian bar association’s solo and small firm addendum, divorce magazine and cch canadian family law guide.





stay current with wise law’s community focused educational initiatives. follow us on:




wise law in the media









toronto star: a diamond, a death, a jewel thief













citynews – is your vehicle safe when you leave it at park ‘n fly?













law times – lso draft reforms













lawyers weekly – storytelling in pleadings and song













lawyer’s daily – access and custody rights of extended family members





more media


what wise law clients are saying

“ i sincerely appreciate all of the assistance and professionalism shown by wise law office.  i would absolutely recommend wise law office to family and friends. ”“ wonderful friendly knowledgeable.  i would highly recommend this law firm for all your needs. ”“ great law firm knowledgeable friendly great to deal with highly recommended. ”“ i need to preface this rating by saying that i was a lawyer until i jumped into business full-time many years ago. garry was referred to me by another lawyer and mutual friend as i was going through an awful divorce that was exacerbated by some highly contentious and venomous issues. i asked for a referral to someone that was first and foremost practical and would not get dragged into the "destructive circus" that so many family matters become because of the ego and style of much of the family law bar. garry shone! he defended my interests without attacking my ex-spouse; he demonstrated extraordinary judgment and gave me sound, practical advice and best of all - when faced with a fire-breathing opposing counsel who believed that "higher decibels = higher client service", he calmly let her burn through her fuel without joining the chorus of pointless misery and money. his fees are very reasonable and he has a knack for understanding the needs of his clients. ”“ mr. wise and his team have provided me with over and above service. they were instrumental in assisting me with my employment needs. their proactive approach and seamless execution were key in resolving and answering all my concerns. they both handled my situation with the upmost professional courtesy and i am very grateful for this outstanding service. these kinds of things really go along way to ensure customer loyalty. i would highly recommend wise law office for your employment needs. ”“ i've sought mr. wise’s legal opinion a number of times for will and estate matters over the years, and have found him forthright and realistic. i've recommended him to friends, with success and have found he and his team responsive. i trust him and will continue to hire him when needed, and refer him. ”“ dedication, professionalism & timeliness are key qualities any time i have sought out mr. wise’s expertise & assistance. i will always recommend mr. garry wise & his law firm to anyone that may be in need of legal services, as his sound judgments, fairness & professionalism are bar none the best. thank you for your support, consideration & dedication to making me feel confident i have made the right choice each & every time i have come to you for your services. highly recommended. ”“ garry wise has represented and advised me on numerous occasions. i trust his professional knowledge. i trust his integrity. for me and my family, mr. wise has repeatedly demonstrated: extensive legal knowledge; interpersonal professionalism in dealing with me; thoroughness in conducting research / due diligence; creativeness in in anticipating adversarial maneuvers or possible outcomes; and, confidence inspiring competency as my representative in sensitive negotiations. i've recommended him to many friends & family in need of legal representation. likewise, i would not hesitate in referring mr. wise to anyone seeking legal counsel. ”“ garry wise and his staff were courteous, prompt and responsive. the efficiency that he demonstrated brought swift resolution to our issue. we found the wiselaw office personable, honest and upfront. ”“ garry wise offered prompt and courteous service and negotiated a quick and fair settlement. thank you. ”“ mr wise and his staff handled my case with great professionalism and genuine care. the integrity with which he conducts his business, exceeded all my expectations. the compassion that he demonstrated put my mind at ease at a very trying time. garry wise has earned my trust through and through. i would recommend his service and expertise to anyone seeking a great councillor. ”“ i was very pleased with the service i received from mr. wise in regards to employment law. he was extremely knowledgeable and very attentive to my file. he did all that i could have expected and more! he was very professional and knew when to sit back and wait and when to act forcefully. he is obviously very experienced. i have referred several people to him and everyone has been extremely happy. the stakes are really high in these matters and it's really important to choose someone who knows what they are doing. he was the best! ”“ i have dealt with garry wise for various different issues over the years. i find that he has superior legal skills and always approaches an issue with the objective of representing my best interests in the most efficient and effective way. i am tired of lawyers who try to inflate the bill by spending an excessive amount of time arguing with other lawyers while my invoice grows. mr. wise deals with any legal issues my family has had in a sensitive way and encourages resolution when it makes sense. i want to thank him and his associates for their sensitivity in dealing with a recent personal injury case for me. ”“ i have worked wit mr wise for many years and find him to be professional and knowledgeable. i would highly recommended him. ”“ i highly recommend him. his approach is direct and he is not a push over in court. i was happy to have him on my side at mediation and looked forward to emails from his staff to let me know what was going on. great lawyer, settled my matter, no more stress! ”“ i am very content with my choice in retaining mr. wise. he and his staff were excellent and upfront with me throughout. his expertise in employment law has led me to highly recommend him to many friends over the years. ”“ wise got me an excellent settlement a while back. he and his office kept me very informed by email. i highly recommend him and appreciated his help. ”“ i had an excellent experience with ms. bakshi and would recommend that anyone with an employment issue contact her. i had an issue and was set up with a free phone meeting within minutes by her office. she let me know what my rights were and made me feel much better. ”“ recently, my husband and i had to seek employment law advice, found that wise law had the best reviews and sent them an email summarizing the issue. the very next morning simran got in touch. after not one, but three! separate consults, several email exchanges and her seeking advice from her senior counsel on our behalf; she advised us of what was in our best interest at this time, not theirs. she gave us alternate suggestions as well. simran spent much more than a half hour of her time with us and did not charge us a dime at the end for the advice. we were stunned but grateful. we had expected to pay something having gone way past the free half-hour initial consult. clearly, she cares about people and about what she does and we would highly recommend her. should we decide to pursue our case in the future, we will most definitely be contacting her again. ”“ great lawyer. very knowledgeable and gets results. ”“ i was referred to garry over 10 years ago to act as my attorney for my divorce. the advice given was professional and very wise (pun intended 🙂 ). garry is an expert in law, using his wealth of experience and knowledge to approach and settle the divorce. but also, his sense of humour allowed us to work through even the ugly times of divorce so that it was as painless as it could possibly be, considering the circumstances. i was very happy with the outcome of my divorce, as i ended up with everything that i'd asked for. thank you garry! i wouldn't hesitate to recommend garry to anyone who is in search of a lawyer that will work tirelessly on their behalf to get the best possible outcome of their divorce. i continue to use garry for other legal matters such as my will and poa's, and have been very happy with his work in that area as well. more solid wise advice! you rock garry. i’m very fortunate to have met you when i needed someone in my corner, and as a concerned friend. ”“ excellent professional, utmost integrity, positive and super smart person. best bang for your dollar. have been using his services for 20 years now! garry has changed my life in the most positive way. the only thing you need to do is trust him! ”“ i highly recommend them! the wiselaw team has always been courteous and prompt with providing sound legal services. additional positives: convenient near-subway central location. great listeners. able to see risks and opportunities tied to any of my legal dilemmas. dedicated staff. ”“ i am forever grateful to mr. wise and staff. they were very dedicated to my case and i'm very thankful for the outcome. their hard work, and devotion, made a wonderful difference in my life.  i sincerely appreciate all of the assistance and professionalism shown by wise law office.  i would absolutely recommend wise law office to family and friends. ”
















 

wise law office
barristers and solicitors
lawyers and notaries
1112 eglinton avenue west
toronto, ontario canada
m6c 2e2
telephone: (416) 972-1800
toll free: (877) 972-4529
facsimile: (416) 972-1065



 



office map: 

 



servicesemployment law
wills, living wills, estates
family law
civil litigation
personal injury claims
business law
real estate transactions
privacy policy
 



wise law office tweetscouldn't connect with twitter 








disclaimer and terms of use
the contents of this website provide only general legal information and do not constitute legal advice.
                           
readers should seek legal advice about their specific circumstances, and are expressly cautioned not to rely upon the materials published on this website to make any legal decisions.
no solicitor and client relationship is created between wise law office  and our website visitors who have reviewed the legal information set out herein. please contact our office if you wish to retain us, so that the appropriate retainer documentation may be provided for your consideration.





copyright © 2020 wise law office, toronto & mississauga • employment law • family law • civil litigation • personal injury • wills & estates • business services • gta real estate transactions



website design by bekhor management


























































