








boynton beach police department












































skip to content








boynton beach police department | bbpd 

xfacebookyoutubeinstagram 













 about uspolice servicespublic recordsresourcesfaqnews 









 





report crime in your neighborhood 
submit a crime tip


 


professionalism. respect. integrity. dedication. excellence 
join bbpd


 


crime prevention 
 request an extra patrol 

going on vacation? request an extra patrol 
 


in memory ofofficer crowder 
read more

 





 





transparencycrime datacommunity feedbackcommend an officerjoin bbpdcrash reportfile a police reporthot topics
bbpd working to reduce crashes involving pedestrians, bicyclists
palm beach county ranks in the top 25 counties in the state for traffic crashes resulting in serious and fatal injuries to pedestrians and bicyclists.

read more
2023 click it or ticket campaign
boynton beach police department is urging drivers to buckle up during the u.s. department of transportation’s national highway traffic safety administration’s (nhtsa) national click it or ticket high-visibility enforcement effort.

read more
b.b.p.d. receives their excelsior accreditation distinction
the bbpd is pleased to announce we have received reaccreditation with excelsior distinction by the commission for florida law enforcement accreditation.

read more
fy 2023 edward byrne memorial justice assistance grant local solicitation
the boynton beach police department is in the process of applying for the fy 2023 edward byrne memorial justice assistance grant local solicitation.

read more
invite
a team of assessors from the commission for florida law enforcement accreditation (cfa) will arrive october 25, 2022 to examine all aspects of the bbpd departments.

read more
good samaritans
watch as a group of good samaritans spring into action to help a woman who suffered a medical episode while driving on woolbright road.

read more
safe medication disposal location
safely dispose of your unwanted prescription medication in the lobby of the boynton beach police department.

read morenon-emergency
561-732-8116emergency
911lobby hours
m-f: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
sat: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
sun: closeddepartment happeningscommunity eventsall eventscommunity newsboynton beach police announces arrest of angel silvestre-jacintomarch 1, 2024|boynton beach, fl – march 1, 2024 – the boynt […]
bbpd arrests 18-year-old rasheed curtis, for the solicitation of a minorjanuary 20, 2023|the boynton beach police department has a […]
bbpd arrests three men for shooting of 66-year-old manjuly 15, 2022|three men have been arrested for the fatal sh […]
bbpd arrest three teens in connection with a shooting into an occupied vehiclejuly 11, 2022|on july 11th 2022 at approximately […]
all newscommunity programs

 

citizens observer patrol

 

police explorers

 

security surveysview all programsinvestigationsrosebud
cold case database
missing persons
press release
passing of boynton beach police officer dennis castro, badge #905
officer castro is survived by his wife and two children. funeral arrangements will be announced once available.

read moreaware of a crime being committed?
help your community.submit a tip



 
 





 it is the mission of the boynton beach police department to strengthen community trust using 21st century policing and department values to cultivate a safe city with respect for the dignity and rights of all.

 

contact us
2100 high ridge road
boynton beach, fl 33426


emergency call: 911
non-emergency: 561-732-8116
internal affairs: 561-742-6199

 

get social








 

 
 
 





copyright © 2024. boynton beach police department. all rights reserved.	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



































































































 


go to top



