

































    welcome to elmore county, al | quick links
  
















              please click here for current news from the elmore county commission
  





    


   










    
 





     
   


   






    welcome to elmore county, al




    quick links




     
    



important information

      

 

 

 


  




 

 





report a concern

      

 

 


  


 




elmore county ema safer places




         

 

 


  


 









voting & elections

      

 

 


  


 







job opportunities

      

 

 


  





 




bid advertisements

      

 

 

 


  





 





 




meet your commissioner




         

 

 


  


 




probate recording

      

 

 

 

 


  


 

 

 











property taxes

     
 

 

 

 


  


 




 




   






car & boat tag







   please click here for news from the elmore county commission.     

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










   
 featured news
 
﻿keep up to date with all of the happenings here in elmore county!


   
 commission approves fy2025 rebuild alabama county transportation plan 


 the elmore county commission approved the fy2025 rebuild ctp. for additional information on rebuild and to see a listing of the approved plan, click the icon below.﻿   

rebuild alabama


 
 enhance elmore
 this program is designed to provide the citizens of elmore county the services and quality of life desired while addressing the county's continued growth. for more information, please select the button below.   

enhance elmore


 
 elmore county safe streets for all﻿
 the elmore county commission is committed to the safety of our citizens. please select below to visit our ss4a page. we want your input on road safety, please take the brief survey to assist us in making our roadways safer.   

safe streets for all




    featured content



    

alabama secretary of state

  

shop local for a better way of life!

    















pay tag, title, & license fees online

     





broadband hotspots interactive map



 
      
﻿welcome to elmore county!


  our county is home to many beautiful lakes, rivers, trails, parks, and other amenities designed for the enjoyment of our citizens and visitors. coupled with our eight municipalities, two boards of education, and a vibrant private sector, the hospitality you will find here is second to none whether you are relocating to our wonderful county or just visiting with us. come relax, enjoy, play, and participate in all elmore county has to offer!﻿

  thank you,

the elmore county commissioners












       


     directory & commonly asked questions



  employment opportunities



  report a problem





    

 

 





     





 find us
    elmore county administrative complex 
at the historic courthouse 
100 e. commerce street
wetumpka, alabama
(334) 567-1156

 administrative complex hoursmon - fri              8:00 am - 4:30 pmsat - sun             closed(doors close to the public @ 4:15pm)public works department hoursmon - thu           6:00 am - 4:30 pmfri - sun               closed



      website designed by
productive i.t. and powered by
unocms.com





















































































































  
  share by:









