







the building and construction of custom homes... a home and landscaping
photo feature by eager web page design.




the building of a custom
home
a photo feature


homes 
are built every day, but rarely do we have an opportunity to view pictures of 
the step-by-step process of home construction.  this web site displays and 
describes photos of the home and landscaping taken during the construction of a 
custom home in san antonio, texas, from the vacant lot to the 
finished product.
this is an in-depth, educational look at the process of
constructing new homes and the hard work that is required.  read more or go directly to the photo gallery below.
we welcome your comments
and suggestions about this web site or the actual building of the home.  we
appreciate all of the feedback we have received. if 
you would like to make a contribution to help support this site, please
click here.
 




 
photo gallery - the building of a custom home
tools | books | contact
us  
web site awards



 



the building of a custom home web site was awarded the "pure
    gold" award from the real estate library on january 22, 1999.




the building of a custom home web site was selected as an "editor's choice" award winner by
      the complete real estate software catalog® on october 5, 1999.




the building of a custom home web site was given
      the reals award on october 17, 1999 for offering a great contribution to
      the real estate internet community.


   

the building of a custom home web site was given
      the real estate abc gold award on march 25, 2000 for providing "advice or guidance to real estate consumers and also provides information        about the local community."
      we were also featured in their 250 most visited real estate web sites
      starting on the week that ended march 25, 2000.






 

the building of a custom home web site has been
      featured in the list of real estate pro's top 100 sites starting on march
      29, 2000 (based on web traffic).





the building of a custom home  web site was rated
      "excellent" by the international real estate digest in may 2000.




 
web site created and designed by 
eager web services, llc
copyright ©2000-2005 eager web services, llc
 san antonio, texas.

