





signs & wonders 































































































signs & wonders












contact:
pschrock
gmail.com

home
ask
archive










on judgement

we will not fight their warswe will not fall in linecause if it’s us or themit’s us for themit’s us for themwe reject the either orthey can’t define us anymorecause if it’s us or themit’s us for themit’s us for themprepare the way of the lordwielding mercy like a swordevery mountaintop will be made lowknow, he holds the earth like dustand his judgement comes to usand his judgement is lovemay our judgement be love- gungor, us for them




jul 6
2 notes


















frigatebirdcancun, mexico




jul 6














an authentic embrace of the arts

there is a system of checks and balances in which, even though the arts may rely on the social structures afforded by strong economic and political systems, artists can also inspire a culture to move forward, to reject the evils of greed and prejudice, and to reconnect to its human roots.  if we are seeking a political and economic change, then, an authentic embrace of the arts may be key.- jonathan taplin in “letter to the millenials”




feb 16














we were made to see you

“teach us where to seek you. christ be with me. christ before me. christ behind me. christ in me. christ beneath me. christ above me. christ on my right. christ on my left. christ in my heart. thirsty. we thirst. flood our souls with your spirit and life so completely that our lives may only be a reflection of you. shine through us. show us how to seek you. we were made to see you.”- adaptation of st. patrick’s lorica prayer, from to the wonder by terence malick




jan 26














love every leaf, every ray of god’s light

“love a man even in his sin, for that is the semblance of divine love and is the highest love on earth. love all of god’s creation, both the whole of it and every grain of sand. love every leaf, every ray of god’s light. love animals, love plants, love each thing. if you love each thing, you will perceive the mystery of god in things. once you have perceived it, you will begin tirelessly to perceive more and more of it every day. and you will come at last to love the whole world with an entire, universal love.”- dostoevsky, the brothers karamazov




jan 26


















ashgabad, turkmenistan, 2014




nov 21


















san gabriel canyon road (map)




oct 6


















sunrise highway (map)




oct 23


















san diego, ca (map)




oct 22
4 notes


















lake powell, ut (map)




oct 22













forwards


        1 of 8
    



&.
zinnia theme by seyche











