




lars perner - consumer behavior and marketing thought

















marketing education

social responsibility
personal
recommended reading
links








marketing education


 
 


lars perner at the 
              marshall school of business 




buad 307: marketing fundamentals


 
 



consumer psychology


 
 



marketing education


 
 



letters of reference


 
 









 

 
lars perner, ph.d.
              assistant professor of clinical marketing
              department of marketing, marshall school of business
              university of southern california
              los angeles, ca 90089-0443
              phone: (213) 740-7127    cell:  (213) 304-1726
perner@marshall.usc.edu 
http://www.larsperner.com
http://www.consumerpsychologist.com
  blog:  http://delightfulreflections.blogspot.com

guava garden estates








 books 



 
 scholars with autism--
                    lars perner, ph.d., editor, 
auricle   			  books, 2012
 
 
available from the publisher 
                    and on amazon
excerpts
reviews
news release
about the publisher

 
delightful   			  reflections:  quips, conjectures, and pontifications, eccenterrific press, 2011
 
now availabel on createspace and amazon.
 
facebook forum


 


 
 
 
 
 
as an assistant professor of clinical marketing at the marshall school of business, i currently teach marketing fundamentals (buad 307), our introductory marketing "core" course at the undergraduate level. my other teaching specializations are consumer behavior and international marketing.
 
samples from the forthcoming book delightful reflections: quips, conjectures, and pontifications.
 
my current research focuses on consumer behavior, non-profit fundraising, and "win-win" deals. i also maintain an interest in the autism spectrum.
 
delivering customer value. the central idea behind  marketing is the idea that a firm or other entity will create something  of value to one or more customers who, in turn, are willing to pay  enough (or contribute other forms of value) to make the venture  worthwhile considering opportunity costs. value can be created in a  number of different ways. some firms manufacture basic products (e.g.,  bricks) but provide relatively little value above that. other firms  make products whose tangible value is supplemented by services (e.g., a  computer manufacturer provides a computer loaded with software and  provides a warranty, technical support, and software updates). it is  not necessary for a firm to physically handle a product to add  value—e.g., online airline reservation systems add value by (1)  compiling information about available flight connections and fares, (2)  allowing the customer to buy a ticket, (3) forwarding billing  information to the airline, and (4) forwarding reservation information  to the customer. 
it should be noted that value must be  examined from the point of view of the customer. some customer segments  value certain product attributes more than others. a very expensive  product—relative to others in the category—may, in fact, represent  great value to a particular customer segment because the benefits  received are seen as even greater than the sacrifice made (usually in  terms of money). some segments have very unique and specific desires,  and may value what—to some individuals—may seem a “lower quality”  item—very highly.
 
some forms of customer value. the marketing  process involves ways that value can be created for the customer. form  utility involves  the idea that the product is made available to the consumer in some  form that is more useful than any commodities that are used to create  it. a customer buys a chair, for example, rather than the wood and  other components used to create the chair. thus, the customer benefits  from the specialization that allows the manufacturer to more  efficiently create a chair than the customer could do himself or  herself. place utility refers to the idea that a product made  available to the customer at a preferred location is worth more than  one at the place of manufacture. it is much more convenient for the  customer to be able to buy food items in a supermarket in his or her  neighborhood than it is to pick up these from the farmer. time  utility involves  the idea of having the product made available when needed by the  customer. the customer may buy a turkey a few days before thanksgiving  without having to plan to have it available. intermediaries take care  of the logistics to have the turkeys—which are easily perishable and  bulky to store in a freezer—available when customers demand them. possession  utility involves  the idea that the consumer can go to one store and obtain a large  assortment of goods from different manufacturers during one shopping  occasion. supermarkets combine food and other household items from a  number of different suppliers in one place. certain “superstores” such  as the european hypermarkets and the wal-mart  “super centers” combine even more  items into one setting.
 
 the marketing vs. the selling  concept.  two approaches to marketing exist. the traditional selling concept  emphasizes selling existing products. the philosophy here is that if a  product is not selling, more aggressive measures must be taken to sell  it—e.g., cutting price, advertising more, or hiring more aggressive  (and obnoxious) sales-people. when the railroads started to lose  business due to the advent of more effective trucks that could deliver  goods right to the customer’s door, the railroads cut prices instead of  recognizing that the customers ultimately wanted transportation of goods, not necessarily railroad transportation.  smith corona, a manufacturer of typewriters, was too slow to realize  that consumers wanted the ability to process documents and not typewriters per se. the marketing concept, in contrast,  focuses on getting consumers what they seek, regardless of whether this  entails coming  up with entirely new products.
 
 the 4 ps—product, place (distribution), promotion, and price—represent  the variables that are within the control of the firm (at least in the  medium to long run). in contrast, the firm is faced with uncertainty  from the environment.
 
segmentation, targeting, and positioning
segmentation,  targeting, and positioning together comprise a three stage process.  we  first (1) determine which kinds of customers exist, then (2) select  which ones we are best off trying to serve and, finally, (3) implement  our segmentation by optimizing our products/services for that segment and communicating that we have made the choice to distinguish ourselves that way. 

segmentation  involves finding out what kinds of consumers with different needs  exist.  in the auto market, for example, some consumers demand speed  and performance, while others are much more concerned about roominess  and safety.  in general, it holds true that “you can’t be all things to  all people,” and experience has demonstrated that firms that specialize  in meeting the needs of one group of consumers over another tend to be  more profitable. 
generically, there are three  approaches to marketing.  in the undifferentiated strategy, all consumers are treated as the same, with firms not making  any specific efforts to satisfy particular groups.  this may work when  the product is a standard one where one competitor really can’t offer  much that another one can’t.  usually, this is the case only for  commodities.  in the concentrated strategy, one firm chooses  to focus on one of several segments that exist while leaving other  segments to competitors.  for example, southwest airlines focuses on  price sensitive consumers who will forego meals and assigned seating  for low prices.  in contrast, most airlines follow the differentiated strategy:  they offer high priced tickets to those who are inflexible  in that they cannot tell in advance when they need to fly and find it  impractical to stay over a saturday.  these travelers—usually business  travelers—pay high fares but can only fill the planes up partially.   the same airlines then sell some of the remaining seats to more price  sensitive customers who can buy two weeks in advance and stay over. 
 
note  that segmentation calls for some tough choices.  there may be a large  number of variables that can be used to differentiate consumers of a  given product category; yet, in practice, it becomes impossibly  cumbersome to work with more than a few at a time.  thus, we need to  determine which variables will be most useful in distinguishing different groups of consumers.  we might thus decide, for example, that the  variables that are most relevant in separating different kinds of soft drink consumers are (1)  preference for taste vs. low calories, (2) preference for cola vs.  non-cola taste, (3) price sensitivity—willingness to pay for brand  names; and (4) heavy vs. light consumers.  we now put these variables  together to arrive at various combinations. 
              several different kinds of variables  can be used for segmentation.  

demographic variables essentially refer to personal statistics such as income,  gender, education, location (rural vs. urban, east vs. west),  ethnicity, and family size.  campbell’s soup, for instance, has found  that western u.s. consumers on the average prefer spicier soups—thus,  you get a different product in the same cans at the east and west  coasts.  facing flat sales of guns in the traditional male dominated  market, a manufacturer came out with the lady remmington, a more  compact, handier gun more attractive to women.  taking this a step  farther, it is also possible to segment on lifestyle and values.”  
some  consumers want to be seen as similar to others, while a different segment wants  to stand apart from the crowd.  
another  basis for segmentation is behavior.   some consumers are “brand loyal”—i.e., they tend to stick with their  preferred brands even when a competing one is on sale.  some consumers  are “heavy” users while others are “light” users.  for example,  research conducted by the wine industry shows that some 80% of the  product is consumed by 20% of the consumers—presumably a rather  intoxicated group.  
one can also segment on benefits sought,  essentially bypassing demographic explanatory variables.  some  consumers, for example, like scented soap (a segment likely to be  attracted to brands such as irish spring), while others prefer the  “clean” feeling of unscented soap (the “ivory” segment).  some  consumers use toothpaste primarily to promote oral health, while  another segment is more interested in breath freshening. 

in the next step, we decide to target  one or more segments.  our choice should generally depend on several  factors.  first, how well are existing segments served by other manufacturers?  it will be more difficult to appeal to a segment that  is already well served than to one whose needs are not currently being  served well.  secondly, how large is the segment, and how can we expect  it to grow?  (note that a downside to a large, rapidly growing segment  is that it tends to attract competition).  thirdly, do we have  strengths as a company that will help us appeal particularly to one  group of consumers?  firms may already have an established reputation.   while mcdonald’s has a great reputation for fast, consistent quality,  family friendly food, it would be difficult to convince consumers that  mcdonald’s now offers gourmet food.  thus, mcd’s would probably be  better off targeting families in search of consistent quality food in  nice, clean restaurants.
 positioning involves implementing our targeting.  for example, apple computer has chosen to position  itself as a maker of user-friendly computers.  thus, apple has done a  lot through its advertising to promote itself, through its  unintimidating icons, as a computer for “non-geeks.”  the visual c  software programming language, in contrast, is aimed a “techies.” 

michael treacy and fred wiersema  suggested in their 1993 book the  discipline of market leaders that most successful firms fall into one of  three categories:

operationally  excellent firms,  which maintain a strong competitive advantage by maintaining  exceptional efficiency, thus enabling the firm to provide reliable  service to the customer at a significantly lower cost than those of  less well organized and well run competitors.  the emphasis here is  mostly on low cost, subject to reliable performance, and less value is  put on customizing the offering for the specific customer.  wal-mart is  an example of this discipline.  elaborate logistical designs allow  goods to be moved at the lowest cost, with extensive systems predicting  when specific quantities of supplies will be needed.
customer  intimate firms,  which excel in serving the specific needs of the individual customer  well.  there is less emphasis on efficiency, which is sacrificed for  providing more precisely what is wanted by the customer.  reliability  is also stressed.  nordstrom’s and ibm are examples of this discipline.
technologically  excellent firms,  which produce the most advanced products currently available with the  latest technology, constantly maintaining leadership in innovation.   these firms, because they work with costly technology that need  constant refinement, cannot be as efficient as the operationally  excellent firms and often cannot adapt their products as well to the  needs of the individual customer.  intel is an example of this  discipline.

treacy and wiersema suggest that in  addition to excelling on one of the three value dimensions, firms must  meet acceptable levels on the other two.  wal-mart, for example, does  maintain some level of customer service.  nordstrom’s and intel both  must meet some standards of cost effectiveness.  the emphasis, beyond  meeting the minimum required level in the two other dimensions, is on  the dimension of strength.

repositioning involves  an attempt to change consumer perceptions of a brand, usually because  the existing position that the brand holds has become less attractive.   sears, for example, attempted to reposition itself from a place that  offered great sales but unattractive prices the rest of the time to a  store that consistently offered “everyday low prices.”  repositioning  in practice is very difficult to accomplish.  a great deal of money is  often needed for advertising and other promotional efforts, and in many  cases, the repositioning fails.
 
 to effectively attempt  repositioning, it is important to understand how one’s brand and those  of competitors are perceived.  one approach to identifying consumer  product perceptions is multidimensional  scaling.  here, we  identify how products are perceived on two or more “dimensions,”  allowing us to plot brands against each other.  it may then be possible  to attempt to “move” one’s brand in a more desirable direction by  selectively promoting certain points.  there are two main approaches to  multi-dimensional scaling.  in the a  priori approach, market  researchers identify dimensions of interest and then ask consumers  about their perceptions on each dimension for each brand.  this is  useful when (1) the market researcher knows which dimensions are of  interest and (2) the customer’s perception on each dimension is  relatively clear (as opposed to being “made up” on the spot to be able  to give the researcher a desired answer).  in the similarity  rating approach, respondents are not asked about their perceptions of brands  on any specific dimensions.  instead, subjects are asked to rate the  extent of similarity of different pairs of products (e.g.,  how similar, on a scale of 1-7, is snicker’s to kitkat, and how similar  is toblerone to three musketeers?)  using a computer algorithms, the  computer then identifies positions of each brand on a map of a given  number of dimensions.  the computer does not reveal what each dimension  means—that must be left to human interpretation based on what the  variations in each dimension appears to reveal.  this second method is  more useful when no specific product dimensions have been identified as  being of particular interest or when it is not clear what the variables  of difference are for the product category.


 














 sitemap | search 







