










agricultural farm finance & mortgages uk | amc







































02077 14366002077 143660 
				
					
                agent log on






toggle navigation















home


borrow


long-term standard loan


clean growth financing initiative


rural businesses


hire purchase machinery and vehicle finance


support for landed estates


buying your farm tenancy


calculate interest


how to apply


bank rate


key stages of your amc application


changes to your agreement


lending criteria




why choose amc?


sustainable agriculture


plant trees on your farm


shaping agriculture's transition to a net zero future




help and support


financial help or difficulty


life events: power of attorney and bereavement


making changes to your business structure


independent help and advice


fraud prevention


mental health support




case studies


from tenant to owner: a landownership journey


award-winning craft cider producer sets course for growth


flexible financing fuels meat producer’s growth


farm diversifies into sustainable wedding venue and café


robust income for racing stable from holiday lets


investing in dairy improvements


case studies archive




contact us


local contacts


how to complain


how to appeal




agent log on










      you are here:
      home










providing farming loans and finance for over 90 years



how much can you borrow?
use our mortgage and loans calculator to work out how much you could borrow to support your ambitions.
mortgage calculator 







securing the future of farming
agricultural businesses have faced significant change over the last few years. if you need financial help and support for any project, our specialist team is on hand with an understanding of agriculture’s unique funding needs.
get in touch 






long-term standard loan
our long-term standard loan is designed specifically to help your farm or rural business with its consolidation, diversification or growth plans, and to help you make the most of opportunities when they crop up.
features:

loans of £25,001+ over 5-30 years which are intergenerational – can be passed down through the family.
fixed or variable interest rates. interest only or repayment options repaid monthly, quarterly or half yearly on dates which suit business cash flow.
lending up to 60% of the value of the property or land you use as security.

find out more about our long-term standard loan



why choose amc?
we can provide loans for almost all rural business activity and provide approvals
before you go to auction or enter a sealed bid.
benefit from our:

specialist knowledge of funding for the agricultural sector.
funding and support that reflects the industry’s challenges and opportunities.
funding can be secured against land, as well as property. this enables increased capital to be raised, with the flexibility to extend the agreement terms at any time.

find out more about our benefits







our agricultural funding experts are here to help
we can provide loans for almost all rural business activity, and provide approvals before you go to auction or enter a sealed bid. benefit from our:

no annual renewal fees on standard loans.
specialist knowledge of funding for the agricultural sector.
funding and support that reflects the industry’s challenges and opportunities.

contact us 








sustainable agriculture hub
we’re committed to supporting farmers achieve the nfu’s goal of net zero by 2040. our sustainable agriculture hub provides expert resources including a comprehensive report with practical steps to support your transition, sector factsheets, webinars, and links to a dedicated lending initiative and carbon calculators, designed specifically for farms.
explore the amc sustainable agriculture hub 





see how we are making a difference
we are supporting farmers across britain to realise their plans to grow, diversify or restructure their businesses.





new opportunities for cider maker’s farm shop and café
newton court cider is refurbishing its on-site farm shop and 95-seater café, which will also sell the farm’s own-produced cider and organic seasonal vegetables, honey, milk and bread.
newton court cider






flexible financing fuels meat producer’s growth

graig farm organics has been able to turn its fortunes around thanks to amc refinancing, without lessening its commitment to sustainable farming practices.

graig farm



a stunning café and wedding venue in rural somerset

frogmary green farm transformed from conference centre to sustainable café and wedding venue over lockdown, with amc finance helping along the way.

frogmary green farm



from tenant to owner: a landownership journey
hertfordshire farmer robert law wanted the freedom and security of full farm ownership. supported by amc, he purchased the land on which he’d been a sitting tenant for 22 years.

thrift farm



read all customer stories






amc and uklandandfarms.co.uk
visit our specialist marketplace for land, farms and rural property in the uk, including details of rural businesses for sale.
video transcript available here
visit uklandandfarms.co.uk











accessibility
terms & conditions
privacy notice
cookie notice
modern slavery statement (pdf, 2.4mb)
sitemap







amc loans available for business purposes only, provided on a secured loan basis. minimum amc standard loan £25,001. to meet customer requirements, lending criteria will vary. lending is subject to status.
if you have a hearing or speech impairment you can use relay uk. more information on the relay uk service can be found at: relayuk.bt.com.
office hours are 09:00 to 17:00, monday to friday, excluding bank and public holidays.
please note that any data sent via e-mail is not secure and could be read by others.
the agricultural mortgage corporation plc, registered in england & wales, no. 234742. registered office: keens house, anton mill road, andover, hampshire, sp10 2nq. telephone: 02077 143660.
the agricultural mortgage corporation plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of lloyds bank plc. lloyds bank plc is a member of lloyds banking group. lloyds banking group is a financial services group that incorporates a number of brands including lloyds bank. more information on lloyds banking group can be found at lloydsbankinggroup.com.















