

new the page of dougs




























the world is a better place because there are dougs in it.
now you can meet some of us.
this is especially valuable if you are not so fortunate as to
have frequent proximity to one or more of the truly great.
virtual contact is better than none!






1995 ~ celebrating  dougs on the web for over two decades! ~ 2022






new! dougs can now join us on facebook!

















web



www.dougs.org
















what's up with the page of dougs?


 doug's must-sees

notable dougs
doug adams,the page of doug - original keeper of the page of dougs
doug smith,doug smith's home
page [he suggested this page-- heck, he even has a link here!-- thanks
doug!]

doug deals
deals on amazon.com home & garden products! 


doug trivia
pro wrestler and movie actor dwayne "the rock" johnson's middle name is douglas.
author douglas adams' initials are "dna" (douglas noel adams).
the cartoon "doug" originated as a book called "doug got a new pair of shoes".
author ray bradbury's middle name is douglas, after the actor, douglas fairbanks.
alleged murderer mark hacking's middle name is douglas.
the "back to the future" character george mcfly's middle name is douglas. 
pro hockey players and ex-edmonton oilers mark messier both have the middle name douglas. additionally, messier's father and one of his sons are both named doug. also, gretzky's son's birth name is trevor douglas gretzky.
jay leno's full birth name is james douglas muir leno.
actor michael keaton's birth name is michael john douglas.
kids in the hall troupe member mark mckinney's birth name is mark douglas brown mckinney.
actor doug e. doug's birth name is douglas bourne.
seminal punk rocker dee dee ramone's birth name is douglas glenn colvin.
the kinks' ray davies' birth name is raymond douglas davies.
actor irving metzman's birth name is douglas kahn.
lindsay lohan's brother, actor michael lohan's middle name is douglas.
writer michael crichton's brother, also a writer, is douglas crichton.
rock group deep purple's keyboard player jon lord's birth name is jon douglas lord.
 country musician brad paisley's birth name is brad douglas paisley.

searching google for the word "doug" returns about 56,400,000 pages.



pages about people with names other than doug
the barbara page
all about deirdre
elissas unite!
geoffreys on the web
janessa.com
jed: www.jed.com
jennifer: jencyclopedia
lizzie's place
people named melissa
michelles of the world
people named mike
the ralph page
people named robin
scott people page
shirlene on the internet 
cult of steve
world wide wendy

pages about people with first and last names other than doug
the david thompson phenomenon
jimwilson.com
ken andersons
ron morrises of the world



pages about names
behind the name: a look into the history behind common first names.
name statistics: how popular are your first and last names?
"the nayme gaimme"

pages about baby names
babynamesworld.com
babynamewizard.com's "name voyager" 
the utah baby namer 

pages about dog names
dog names: searchable database and list of over 6,000 popular names.
















celebridoug spotlight!







 












 if you would like to see another 
doug page listed on the page of dougs, please
  
the name, url, and a short description.









this ring of dougs 

website is owned by doug.
skip prev
prev
next
skip next
random
next 5
list

want to join the the ring of dougs?
       powered by ringsurf






copyright ©1998-2022, douglas decota
copyright ©1995-1997, douglas adams






since april 30, 1995








