



amen.org.uk - a christian web site














latest additions
january 2021 - branded by fire
at the start of 2021, when many were hoping for a return to something resembling the pre-pandemic world of 2019, a prophetic word through a friend turned our minds to certain scriptures and the lord's purposes in his people.
christians often focus their attention on the mark to be accepted by those who worship the beast, which is mentioned several times in the latter part of the book of revelation. there is however a more important sign of ownership which believers should desire to receive before the alternative is pressed upon them.
this short article considers the scriptures to which our friend's prophecy drew our attention.
the article is available here along with standard and large print pdf versions.




amen alerts 
			
if you would like to know when new material is
			added to this website you can use this page to request an
			occasional email alert.




journey into new life 
			
a beginner’s guide to believing in jesus
			christ.




good news bytes 
			
a collection of short articles originally
			written as leaflets to provoke their readers to think about the
			central message of christianity.contains
			images of the printed leaflets which can be ordered for use
			elsewhere.




is our god asleep? 
			
a collection of articles and recordings featuring my observations in 2020 on the reactions to the pandemic which has impacted life around the world. includes links to articles published elsewhere than on this website.




the questions christians are not asking 
			
articles written in 2013 & 2015 which
			consider how should christians understand the rising influence of
			secularism in britain and other western societies.




the creator you know – what is he like?
						
a series of short articles to help christians
			understand more about their god from what he has made.




creation to revelation
			
a series of zoom seminars exploring biblical themes which extend from the start to the end of the history of this creation. the series started in july 2020 and videos of each seminar are available.




thoughts for these days

occasional comments on current events from a
			christian perspective.




bible studies, articles and papers 
			
covering a variety of topics relevant to
			christians and some to non-christians.




audio bible teaching 
			
bible teaching by randall hardy on free to
			download mp3 files.




family education 
			
two leaflets to encourage christians to think
			about the biblical principles concerning the education of
			children.




christian home education 
			
a small collection of papers produced by one
			family from their experience in this area.has links to
			other christian home education sites.




anstey's romance of bible chronology 
			
this classic work on biblical chronology is
			probably the best currently available on the subject.




links to my other web sites 
			




a further index 
			
a list of other sites which are or have been
			hosted on this domain




who are we? 
			




privacy policy 
			




all the material is on
			amen.org.uk is subject to copyright restrictions.
you may make complete
			copies for yourself, but you may not alter the material or publish
			it in whole or in part without my written permission. © r hardy, 1998-2021.
the amen
			website: if you have any comments or questions,please email
			the domain owner 
			
this page last edited january 2021




