


www.gerardpas.com | the art of gerard pas














 
 




  
        gerard peter pas is an internationally acclaimed visual artist, photographer, object 
        maker, painter, sculptor, performance and video artist. gerard's art has 
        been exhibited in many of the world's most interesting contemporary, national 
        or public museums and galleries. his art has been discussed in many leading 
        newspapers and art periodicals worldwide, and his work has been broadcast 
        on all forms of electronic media -- film, television, video documentaries, 
        radio -- and now, the world wide web. born in the netherlands, he has 
        lived in amsterdam, new york city, he now lives and works in london, canada.

www.gerardpas.com is your vehicle to view 
        the art and access the latest information about gerard pas, his friends, 
        and interests. through various media, we hope to provide you with an exciting 
        site and sound experience. among these pages 
        you'll find a virtual gallery featuring gerard's work, flash movies, and 
        other special web based projects. there's original music by gerard's friends 
        in new york and around the world. poets will read audio samples of their 
        works, and we will regularly invite guest artists to develop interesting 
        pages and interactive projects, just to make sure things stay exciting. 
        yes, then there's always the important data about the artist, upcoming 
        exhibitions, special events, career info, copyrights and where you can 
        purchase work. although this is not a commercial site, if you have an 
        interest you can even buy much of the art seen here: just e-mail us at 
         gerardpas@gerardpas.com

        the seven images below each represent a different aspect of this site -- 
        click on any one of them and see where it takes you. "galleries", 
        for example, features an extensive selection of images of pas' artwork 
        over the last four decades. "photos" convey gerard's recent work and a myriad of photographic images -- photography of the human figure,  nature, birds and many more. "news" keeps you up to date on 
        what's happening with gerard -- his future exhibition's and other important 
        events. "the library" contains articles and bibliographical 
        data on gerard. "the cafe" takes you to our dynamic media, links 
        and guest artists' section. "contacts" is where you can leave 
        mail, access gerard's communications centre or learn how to reach us. 
        finally, "projects" is where you can keep up to date with gerard's 
        current art works, other diverse interests and his plans for future works.

        if you have any questions relating to gerard's work, exhibitions or any other concern please send us an e-mail and we will respond.






welcome to and enjoy your stay at www.gerardpas.com























- please 
  click any of the above images to advance -







 canadian veterans memorial in london, canada.
        designed by gerard pas












gerard 
    pas © 1999 - 2024 — 25 years on the web





site 
      design by no studio productions and gerard pas






     





