  show lambs & sheep for sale | cornerstone club lambs, virginia   


 
         lambsstud ramsfor saleshowswinnersnewssheep101goats select page    show lambs for salea virginia sheep breeder breeding winning club lambs, bred ewes, and stud rams since 1988.get your free copy of how to select show lambs in online sales! get it now!watch for photos and videos of this year’s sale lambs coming soon!welcome welcome to cornerstone club lambs, located in the northern shenandoah valley of virginia. we have been raising sheep and selling competitive purebred and crossbred show lambs since 1988.both our family and clients have successfully placed in local, regional, state, and national sheep shows throughout the country.currently our flock features a mix of purebred hampshires, blackface crossbreds and specks.although our flock has changed over the years, we have always been driven to provide our clients with genetics and show stock that are structurally sound, healthy, and bred to excel in the lambing barn… in the show ring… and on the rail.our flock consists of a combination of genetics from some of the top breeders in the country. much of our breeding goes back to the following powerhouse stud rams:arms race (maker x 964) – impact hampshiressoldier (powerball x 100) – ott club lambsfully armed (arms race x beefy) – ott club lambseroc (eclipse x untouchable) – ellerbrock club lambsroyal flush (crown royal x obsession) – ellerbrock club lambswith decades of experience, we know the benefits youth receive from showing livestock as 4-h and ffa members. all four of our children not only enjoyed success in the show ring, but also learned responsibility, leadership, team work, commitment, and the true value of hard work.it is with great pride and honor that we hope you consider letting us be part of your youth livestock experience. we invite you to look through our website and hopefully learn more about raising show lambs.let us know how we may help you either get started raising sheep, acquire your next prospect lamb, or find that next piece of the puzzle for your flock.  online salesthank you to all the buyers and bidders of the virginia showmasters circuit futurity online sale, held in early april. we personally thank the kelly family, and wish jackson and jordan good luck this show season.  live auctionswatch for 2019 lambs to sell through the 2019 eastern elite club lamb sale, sunday, april 14th at the frederick county, va fairgrounds. watch for more information on facebook closer to the sale. off the farmlate lambs and ewe lambs will be available for sale off the farm after april 15th. we encourage you to contact us early with your fair date and schedule a time to stop by and view the lambs.sign up now and never miss another update!thank you. you have successfully subscribed. name  email    subscribe now!     flock rams for 2021 commander safari joe stage monkeyeducational sheep blogwhat size lamb to select for your terminal show learn how to select a lamb that will be easy to feed to it’s correct and desired endpoint or finishing weight.show lamb clip arta growing collection of free downloadable show lamb clip art, club lamb images, and sheep graphics for your personal use. use in logos, on websites, t-shirts, and more.10 essentials to get your show lamb project off to a great startbe sure you know these ten essentials (plus three key tips) when starting your show lamb project.raising & selling banner winning show lambs for over 30 yearsget in touch name  phone  email address  message  15 + 12 =  send va sheep breeders for over 30 years!located in berryville, virginiacorey & janet childs540-327-7919brady childs540-771-9750info at clublambs.comfollowfollowfollowfollowlambsstud ramsfor saleshowswinnersnewssheep101goats     cornerstone club lambs, berryville, va © 2021-1997, all rights reserved. designed by www.janetmchilds.com.download your free copy ofhow to select sheep in online salesfinding the one that's right for you!    download now!  you have successfully subscribed! 
             