















































animal communication | penelope smith animal talk


















animal talk animal communication penelope smith








+

homemeet penelopemediaabout animal communicationanimal communication tipsanimal consultationsanimal communication adventuresblogproductsbooksaudio & videoteleseminarsspecies link journalresourcesanimal communicator directoryhow to list on the directoryanimal rescue & welfare issuesaccaw prayer circleresource linkseventscontactsitemap





              ©2025 penelope smith
              
0







animaltalk

































founder. pioneer. innovator. master teacher. inspiration. role model. transformer. legend. living legacy. grandmother of interspecies communication.these are words people have used to describe penelope smith and her pioneering work in animal communication or interspecies telepathic communication, the name she originated for the field.find out more about penelope










ever wondered if you could communicate with animals?


is there a way to understand what your dog, cat, horse, and even wild animals are thinking and feeling?


yes, you can tap into the universal language of all species through telepathic communication with animals.


getting in touch with animals heart-to-heart and mind-to-mind is a path to wholeness.


it nurtures deep places in the soul that we long to feel.


it's time for us to recover this vast reservoir of healing power, wisdom, and joy. 


the animals are waiting, curious and hopeful, for us to awaken, listen, and learn.








learn the language



discover a complete program for you to learn animal communication







what is animal communication? how does it work?
real life results of animal communication
the animal communicator blog

  read animal communication tips
read the stories
read the latest from penelope





television interview with jim masters and penelope smithcovers the what, how, who, and why of animal communication for newcomers or seasoned communicators.
impact









a childhood dream and half-faded memory come true!allen m. schoen, d.v.m., author of "kindred spirits"






with great warmth and precision, penelope expands the field of interspecies communication to a spiritual awareness of the interrelatedness of all beings.linda tellington-jones, founder of tteam, the tellington-jones equine awareness method and the tellington ttouch






penelope is making an important contribution to the welfare and understanding of animals, leading to a greater harmony between the human and the other kingdoms.peter caddy, co-founder of the findhorn community, scotland






one of the things i most admire about penelope smith is that she is very clearly a participant in the overall dance of nature. this is rare. most people are onlookers, watching nature as something that is outside of themselves. if you apply what you read and learn from her in your everyday relationship with nature, be it through your pets or garden plants, you may well open the door, step through it, and experience a greater wholeness in life.michael j. roads, author of "talking with nature," "journey into nature," "simple is powerful," "journey into oneness," and "into a timeless realm"






i have had the pleasure of knowing and working with penelope for over 20 years as a trusted retreat leader here at earthfire institute, and a consultant for advice on the rescued wild animals under my care. her insights are remarkable. but more than that i deeply respect her integrity and the personal work she has done to separate personal human issues from the messages she receives. not only has she given valued advice but we have had some truly remarkable results, in particular with a semi paralyzed grizzly bear who is no longer paralyzed because of her long distance healing with him. i also respect the care with which she has nurtured the next generation of animal communicators and her efforts to maintain quality as the field develops. our earth and living beings that inhabit her are richer because she is among us.susan b. eirich, phd, founder and executive director, earthfire institute wildlife sanctuary















home meet penelope about animal communication blogproducts animal communicator directory events contactsince the 1970s, i've had a mission to bring forth a hidden ability found in everyone. the secret language that unlocks the door to understanding all species. i created the title interspecies telepathic communication to show the wider application of communicating with animals, plants, mountains, rivers…all life, in and beyond physical form. echolng indigenous wisdom: everything is alive. everything communicates. my vision: people recovering their ability to communicate with other species—realizing it is within them and can be remembered, recognized, practiced, and developed. exchanging thoughts and feelings telepathically with other species bringing rich realizations and positive change. people living more fulfilling lives as they walk on earth with other species and all life in mutual understanding and compassion. all beings and mother earth enjoying this deep connection.










©2025 penelope smith






privacy policy for animaltalk.net
dismiss



