





mark jacobs' evolution philosophy conspiracy theories wavs oggs mp3s flps midis music cds









back to top

















mark jacobs' evolution, philosophy, conspiracy theories, wavs, oggs, flps, midis and music cds page




contents
opinions on society
thoughts for the day
bill hicks classic

music / more music
hangman game
radio station player
audio downloads and comedy mp3s

pictures
interesting sites
recommended reading
the forum

community notepad
mj software
emojis chart
maths workshop + misc.

really random site
telepathic observations
my dad's articles
videos / more videos

rethink links
image of the day
technical specs
society gripes


quake 3 stuff
map locator / route planner
regular expression tester
evolution of mankind


latest posts from the community notepad
please wait ...

the scene is set - a universe of potential vehicles for an over-arching consciousness, where
what is real is created by the vehicles' existences and actions. a timeline which is a mere
consequence of the flow of consciousness through a vehicle - the past is a record of universal
change, the present a point from which anything new is created, and the future which, by
definition, cannot be known because it is created by a dynamic present. consciousness takes the
quantum potentialities of the present and collapses them into a real past.

the universe itself is the result of a massive source of consciousness. this source, unlike us, is not bound
by the physical universe, but the cause of its (and possibly other universes') existence. all
walks of life in this physical universe seem to exhibit their own unique and individual facets
of experience therein, and those that are "aware", instantly report their experiences back to
this common pool. this can cause positive and negative feedback loops. all lifeforms
seem to have the qualities required to further deploy other vehicles of consciousness, for
example, the qualities of love, nurture and empathy. individual ideas that go against the
further deployment of experiential units, don't seem to last very long, whereas ideas that
propagate more units, seem to flourish. our pleasure and pain centres seem to reflect this
state of affairs. in fact, there is a lot to be said for intuition unconsciously guiding you in
the right direction, and to create positive feedback loops to the pool itself. ideas forged in
the blindness of self-consciousness and self-improvement to the detriment of others, have been
shaping the nature of human society on planet earth for many centuries now. that is why we
are currently born into a thoroughly iniquitous, brutal and psychologically harmful "money cage".

no matter what experiences you may engineer for yourself, at the end of the day, the underlying
source of consciousness is where you'll return to. everyone is part of the same thing,
ultimately. any frustrations you may have with your own particular facet of experiential
individuality, usually arise from the delusion that you are separate from "others", and are
perpetually self-conscious. realisation of the shared nature of consciousness is the key to
freeing yourself from the prison of self-consciousness. quantum physics has recently been
proving that consciousness is shared over both time and space, infinitely and instantly, and
that its perceptions seem to affect what is being perceived. if you are a modern-day scientist,
you no longer have any reason to be a selfish and uncaring brat, because you thought that
science logically absolved you from your responsibilities to your fellow man!
your thoughts and opinions about other people, instantly affect their feelings!

you are merely what you are conscious of. you are not separate from your consciousness - it is
who you are! cells in our bodies renew themselves many times during our lives. our entire
body's cells are replaced every 7 years. you don't change. you are therefore not your body.
your body therefore doesn't generate your personality or your consciousness. your brain cells
are regenerated but you are still the same "person". your body is a vehicle which your persona
inhabits. the sensory arrays afford survival, so that your spirit can achieve something during
the lifetime of the vehicle it inhabits. looking for where consciousness arises in your brain is like
trying to find an announcer inside a radio set. the 3d universe our senses tell us about, is
not the whole story - it is just enough information about our environment to survive on this
planet for a lifetime, while we strive for enlightenment and the pleasures associated with it.

as humans, we are taught that time is an irreversible sequence of events, and certain events
cause others to happen (causality). this is wrong, because animals' concept of causality and
time, is that it's all one thing, not a line or sequence, but a whole in and of itself, wherein
you can know any part, past, present or future. animals don't seek retribution for something
that has happened. they'll defend an infant, and they'll feel sad if you kill one of their
clan, but they don't plot revenge on you.

without this sequencing of events and causes, the only explanation for why things happen is
because of expectations of conditioned lifeforms. a lifeform expects something to behave a
certain way, and with consensus of other lifeforms, that's what happens. from birth, we are
taught how things behave by watching our teachers' expectations and seeing them come to
fruition, thereby conditioning our own expectations. consensus creates reality through
expectation. free your thinking from these expectations and your freedom of experience will
increase. events can be rearranged any way you like, if you have the mental freedom and
perspicacity to do so. when you understand this, blame and revenge are meaningless. as humans,
you come back into phase with what is real. your alienation from nature ceases to be, and
nobody can manipulate you with their causality-based theories.
✊ 🌞

eyebrow raisers

proof we're being lied to - a 20 minute video about the "wildfires" in california in 2017.
the evidence presented here is astonishing, and shows that :-
1) there is a physical war on spirituality being waged by the global fascist superstate.
2) they could wipe out your neighbourhood and report it as a "fire" to the rest of the world,
and the rest of the world would swallow the story completely.

download here
santa rosa northern ca fires

why democracy is a lie
synthetic telepathy technology from the 90s - article by judy wall
massive breakthrough in alien dna recovery at starchildproject.com
scientific proof that society is upside down :-
paul mccartney died in 1966 and was replaced by a noticeably taller look-alike at
digilander.libero.it
proof that the upper echelons of the crown prosecution service, police and social services actively protect child abusers at
warringtonguardian.co.uk
dr judy wood has some astounding explanations for the physics of the 911 wtc collapses, backed
by plenty of photographic evidence - how come there are toasted cars but unburnt paper? how come the
towers came down pre-pulverised (including a lot of the steel)? more at
drjudywood.com. this is a picture of steel
columns vaporising in mid-air with nothing touching them, followed by a table of explanations, only one of which fits the facts :-


uk telegraph cherry pick photos to promote global warming swindle at
wattsupwiththat.com
chipping the population "en masse" has started - with the police at
dailymail.co.uk
on 9-11 bbc reported building 7 (saloman brothers building) collapsed 23 minutes before it
actually happened. "the bbc unequivocally announced the collapse about 23 minutes before the fact,
and even featured a new york correspondent speaking of the collapse in past tense with the
still-erect skyscraper standing behind her". wtc7.net
wtc 7 collapse foreknowledge at 911research.wtc7.net
video :-
bohemian grove - an interview with alex jones about the failed, attempted cover-up of what really happens at bohemian grove.

saudi attitudes to jews are astounding at memri.org
ets and ancient astronauts are illuminati propaganda at
illuminati-news.com
bush challenges state laws allowing marijuana use for medical purposes at
abc.net.au
bbc.co.uk shows how much poison we're living with.
saddam's wife could not recognize her husband at thetruthseeker.co.uk
and the use of doubles at radio free europe
ignorance, hypocrisy and obedience at smh.com.au
nanobot cosmetics at guardian.co.uk
horrifying weapon at rense.com
william cooper in 1989 speech at a brief introduction to the covert practices of "civilised" societies (mp3 - 19.9mb)



latest tracks - chronological order

cadge hole (20:38)
throng the join (22:48)
segway out (34:05)
bird seed anomaly (36:11)
tenor penny (41:29)
humans are artificial (37:23)
neanderthal chromosome count (45:14)
heightened species (54:08)
passion ache (42:50)
get high to know (20:02)
old factory (31:20)
carriage multiplexer (39:35)
uncollapsible quantum wave (46:53)
forcefield (47:57)
ringverse (38:22)
the true cause of our greatness (31:48)
jubilant jaunt (50:04)
breach out (23:46)
short suite (23:56)
ivory towers (44:22)
politrough (37:16)
chrant (58:25)
untrammelled (46:34)
fanfair (48:04)
grenuit (48:12)
foot on a submerged balloon (54:43)
scowling (29:55)
distance insistence (42:00)
valentine sweet (74:44)
shelllike (39:48)
stuck out (34:58)
chopper class (31:36)
revisited (33:45)
extentify (28:11)
continuance (37:14)
pulse bank (20:40)
warnmed (24:11)
collider scope (20:08)
plunder bus (49:05)
eye rhea (23:08)
normalight (49:51)
whale harp (36:00)
flutter droid (32:10)
no reason at all (35:09)
bwamplifier (37:06)
two types of moaning (29:47)
long haul (19:24)
mellifluent appeal (32:01)
universal connectivity (46:55)
fountain of parallels (39:40)
into leave (35:00)
tail away (39:48)
sensible (26:53)
reggae riff (49:41)
while inwardly, (44:06)
staggered (2:42)
edinburgh tattoo (4:01)
saxonophy (4:35)
brutally tender (25:52)
lonely pair (25:06)
hey mmh feel (5:12)
principled (41:23)
babee (5:52)
egyptian call (3:25)
falling (3:36)
fader_2_ccittulaw16000 (17:45)
fader_2_ccittulaw44100 (6:05)
exciting pathways (31:59)
fader_2_oggvorbis22050_320kps (33:00)
tright (66:36)
fader 3 ccittulaw44100 (16:16)
fader 11khz a law (32:00)
reassurance (46:03)
courage of conviction (21:41)
redevelopment (47:27)
mysterious jungle (3:24)
tinkle tinker (3:04)
get what you're given (28:39)
electrogroove (3:37)
cerebrotonia (42:16)
pickle lily (34:53)
fader 22k ulaw (11:17)
join division (46:35)
aspects of orange (26:04)
canvast (33:37)
faderccittalaw44 (20:34)
as luck would have it (43:53)
sparkle recovery (33:46)
cullture (54:50)
y-tomorrow (52:53)
dudio (54:11)
behold (34:19)
fr8line (30:09)
rattle battle (43:10)
florid essence (37:51)
persuality (45:43)
xylophonic (46:59)
frangent (33:55)
grooveway resonance (53:57)
lloyd (55:03)
out of the sky (27:55)
hornery (51:07)
quenched (20:54)
accretion disc (33:52)
like no other (28:36)
lalulalu (45:03)
vr crazy (48:05)
utterly so (25:53)
everyday actions undermine suppression (48:16)
precarious concessions (48:13)
fallopian prowess (28:45)
simple ton (19:02)
on the off-chance (37:52)
rock-a-bye-baby (46:22)
feeling washback (40:55)
the wilderness kills (51:42)
mister e (26:44)
thanks for listening (35:15)
just because it says so (9:21)
tortuous root (35:04)


a quick tour of what's here

various quotes from around the web.
10 hours and 20 minutes of superb lectures and discussions from terence mckenna with the tree of knowledge (142mb).
fantastic quake3 shenanigans - tricks and jumps galore in quake 3 dm11 tricks.
explore the massive demo archive going back to 2006.
read some technical speculations on my tech specs page.
here is a severe warning about our futures.
have a quick game of hangman (some of the words are very difficult!).
chemtrails are starting to grab people's attention. what are they and what do they look like? see
my page about them.
my latest thoughts on recent elections, soldiers, brain size, chemtrails,
"the pressure", nesara, dmt, motives, the social cage, birthrights, upbringing, men, women and
sex, money, iraq, the disappearance of philosophy, mass mind control, rods, dna research...
 comments please.
have a chortle at russell peters 40-minute stand-up routine (5m mp3)
plus a whole load of other stand-up comedy mp3s at the great downloads section.
sing along to 
frank sinatra and the taliban orchestra (430k mp3).
a classic bush sotu speech meets rapturous applause (740k mp3).
another bush union speech meets rapturous applause (700k mp3).
download some of my windows software. there's an image viewer and
printer, a lean and mean media player which is great for cds, and a computing "swiss army
knife".
why i am pissed off on my opinions page, take a trip with the
new joyriding ogg loop (104k), or pick any of the fabulous loops
i have in my wavs and oggs section.
listen to the strange overlay on the voice of the "heavily microwaved"
tim rifat in an interview with
jeff rense (27k mp3).
please listen to higgledy (1.6m) - it's just so cute! perhaps
this is my true vocation. give me a recording contract now.
listen to this desperate plea for attention
(1.3 meg mp3 art bell area 51 phone-in). mysterious and weird !?!
a new kind of directionless mast is starting to appear
in the uk. what are these for? i speculate they might have something to do with
taos hum.
link of the moment -
blueprint for a prison planet
- short, accurate and urgent - the best i have ever read on the web.
hear an amazing stint on filter cut-off points in 
effort, and the sb live eax sound effect file
(see how to install ea2 files).
2012's brain1 and
brain2
tries to explain why everyone behaves the way they do. 
healing arts offer a less dramatic explanation.
take a jaunt with my new, improved random site teleport.



the story so far (updated 24th november 2016) :-
this was supposed to be plausible, but the truth has a habit of being far-fetched; that's why it's always hard to get at. anyway, here goes :-

my mind is ever-changing on human evolution. being a species-independent consciousness, i favour intervention theory.
morphic resonance may explain why life always seems to evolve in
the patterns of form that they do - a combination of universal memory built in to the
space-time continuum, and patterns that survive well, being etched into this memory for future
generations (or current ones) to repeat.
i like james howard's theories
about how key hormones played a major part in hominid to human development with some
correlation
with others branches of investigation into primate syndromes (sids, ms);
and lloyd pye's alien intervention theory has physical evidence backing it up in the form of the
the starchild skull. here is a
video of a talk (53.9mb) given by lloyd pye in london in 2010
about this fascinating 900 year old skull found in a south american cave a few decades ago :-



then, there's the aquatic ape theory as propounded by elaine morgan, and
related meanderings like the passionate ape by craig hagstrom.
this might explain the
chromosomal fusion
found in humans, being also present in denisovans and neanderthals, because fusion sometimes
occurs when there is a sudden (on an evolutionary timescale) environmental change in the
species. the fusion of chromosomes 2 and 3 may have occurred a few million years ago, at about
the time our precursors entered the sea, seeking other food sources.
fusion
seems to occur when speciation is required - different evolutionary tracts spring off the
original design to see which ones survive best in the new environment. but it doesn't explain some of the other
mutations found in our genes, like various, seemingly carefully-selected pattern inversions. also, recent research
has shown that 
there are flaws with this natural fusion theory.
also, this article goes into much more depth,
and scientifically seems to suggest that our chromosome 2 is not the result of fusion, but of some intelligent design!
download the pdf here.
alien intervention theory
first, see the lloyd pye genetics video (23.4mb) for some background
information.



mitochondrial dna evidence can be used to date mankind's dna to a mere 200,000 or
so years old. chromosomal analysis shows mankind's 23 pairs having a fused 2nd and 3rd
chromosome pair, compared with chimps, gorillas and orang-utans, who all have 24 pairs.



my own personal take on intervention theory - look at yourself honestly and see how much
of this rings a bell. as a species, humans seem out of place on this planet. whereas other
species endure what we would consider phenomenal hardship in order just to survive, but somehow
manage, quite oblivious to the odds and the normal high death tolls associated with their
existences, humans struggle in their biological form to keep themselves warm, watered and fed,
let alone sheltered. we are comparatively (to the chimp, for example) weak, fragile, easily
injured and prone to infection and death without things like antibiotics. we dramatically
lament any loss of an individual species member, trying everything in our power to ensure such
a loss doesn't recur, yet we'll abort a foetus in a trice. we have to employ mechanical and technological inventions in order to
keep alive on this planet, and need domesticated animals and plants in order to sustain us in
large numbers. where did such plants (like wheat with 4 times the number of chromosomes of its
nearest wild relative) and animals come from? we were too primitive to engineer them ourselves
when they sprang into existence, and we didn't have generations of time to in-breed them : for
example, dogs which

could not have evolved directly from wolves. perhaps, like us, these plants and animals
were also created for us by aliens, using advanced gene technology, their dna and the dna of
similar plants and animals extant on earth.

we also seem to be the only species that congratulates each other when one of us does good for
others. lions don't congratulate the hunt leader when that lioness makes the kill that will
feed them all for the next week or so. a penguin returning from a thirty mile swim to get a
gut-load of food for its offspring doesn't get a nice warm welcome from its mate when
successfully arriving at the nest. they may make sounds and actions of appreciation at the
time, but, unlike humans, they don't spend a lot of time celebrating and back-slapping like we
do. they just get on with what they have to do to survive, without making a big fuss about it.
we trump up our existences well beyond what they really are. we are so far removed mentally
and physically from other naturally-evolved species here, that it begs the question, "were we
genetically engineered?". dna evidence now points at 3 species (humans, denisovans and
neanderthals) that have 46 chromosomes instead of 48. the fusion of chromosomes 2 and 3
commensurate with numerous inversions of dna patterns within other chromosomes, certainly lends
to this, at first, absurd-sounding theory.
from mother jones :-

in modern humans and these other hominins, chromosome 2 shows clear genetic evidence of a
fusion event that must have happened after our lineage split from chimpanzees and bonobos, but
before our divergence with neanderthals and denisovans. the proof is right there in the dna.

it's as if aliens created us from hominoids around at the time, and tried a couple of more
natural variations which were genetically recessive compared to human dna. their reasons for
doing this remain a complete and profound mystery, although sitchin and others have their
theories, many based around the ancient sumerian clay tablets from 5000 bc. our consciousness,
and ability to control our environments leads me to conclude that we have some advanced alien
dna mixed up inside us, leading to that feeling of not really belonging to this planet, and
hence to our lackadaisical approach to planetary guardianship and husbandry. because we are not pure
(neither alien nor hominoid), we adopt an extremely peculiar stance when it comes to our existences
here on earth. we tend to be selfish to an extent which would normally detract from our own
species' survival were it not for our obsession with breeding, and a mania-induced brutality
to other species and artificial hierarchies within our own species. we are dangerous and deluded idiots!
as a mongrel species, we are constantly monitored by aliens who now have to
ensure their experiment doesn't detrimentally disturb other nearby lifeforms. see historical paintings and depictions of ufos
. as soon as we detonated nuclear devices, they came in droves to monitor us more closely,
and some of them crashed (roswell etc.). they even ensure nukes don't go off by accident.
despite reports worldwide and throughout all human history of ufo sightings, the official tack
is that we are alone in the universe as a conscious, sentient species, and that we are made in
the image of "god". poppycock! this smacks of those in control of the masses through the
exploitation of money (something that doesn't naturally exist), maintaining that control by
perverting history and reality representation through the use of mass education and media
presented as fact. it's as if these aliens are in cahoots with the controlling elite because
they don't see any other way of stopping their experiment-gone-wrong getting out of hand.
despite these aliens being really advanced, they did not do a perfect job, and humans had many
genetic defects : perpetual hair and nail growth, birth defects, downs syndrome (lapse back to
extra chromosome), immune system attacks host in many ailments (for example multiple
sclerosis), allergies, weaker bones and muscles, gullible, impressionable, easily governed and
controlled, general feeling of malaise and not being at one with nature etcetera. other
species are not so vastly afflicted with problems, with only 30 or 40 genetic defects compared
with humans' 4 thousand or so.
other species of plants and animals were fashioned to help us survive (wheat, domesticated
animals), before they left this planet behind to watch their experiment continue from afar.

as mentioned before, during ww2, this experimental human species discovered ways to rip apart the space-time
continuum with fission reactions, and this piqued the aliens' interest. as they came closer to
observe and safeguard us from folly, some crashed on the surface of earth (brought down by high-powered radar systems),
and eventually their existence became known to the governments around the developed world. the
ruling powers decided to trade alien technology for earth specimens with them. the need for
the truth to be kept secret from the public has become ever more important, if those ruling
powers want to keep control over the human populaces of the world. if humans ever realised
their true origins, it would make us wake up and see that we are all equal but different, and
that a hierarchical society may work for certain species, but not for one engineered for
enlightened spiritual existence, and guardianship of the life on this planet. we must surely
love all creatures great and small. instead, our consciousness has been conditioned to accept
obvious fallacies as the "truth". for example, that the hemp plant is "dangerous to your
health", whereas rotten fruit allowed to ferment to produce alcohol is not, and the direct
evidence of what happened on 9-11 being completely misinterpreted as terrorists flying
planes into steel and concrete towers, causing them to melt and pancake collapse at freefall speeds. this mass
acceptance keeps us inert, distracted, timid and non-threatening to the powers that top this
anti-nature hierarchical society. someone somewhere is pushing fairy tales and we are lapping
them all up as reality! you only have to look at the manic and violently-enforced level of
"faith" people have in the fairy tales known as institutionalised religions, to know that we
are being ridiculously deceived from birth, and left to spend our adult lives in a state of pure,
deluded insanity, blind to the reality and hypocrisy around us!
extract from zeitgeist about religion (~31 minutes 72.5mb)


the story
life on planet earth was engineered by the benevolent,
conscious-life-favouring leaning of the laws of this universe. not one, but two types of
prokaryotes (primitive single-celled bacteria) appeared on a volatile volcanic planet 4 billion
years ago. these produced oxygen. later, eukaryotes (much more delicate) appeared just as
suddenly, and started preparing the planet for more advanced life forms. then a huge smattering
of phyla sprang up miraculously, the only modern day relic being the horseshoe crab. then a
history of sudden appearances of new species, followed by extinction of old ones, paving the
way for increases in organism complexity. scientific evolution explains gradual change, not
sudden flourishing of vast amounts of new species, that just happen to fit into the correct
progression of life to ultimately form intelligent beings. earth is testimony that the laws
governing the flow of energy in this universe, are stacked in such a way as to favour the
development of conscious entities within it. as a clever by-product, these creatures would have
to reflect the kind and gentle nature of the laws that created them, otherwise they would not
successfully survive and evolve without destroying each other. to contend that the "physics"
of the universe boil down to some mathematical principles formulated in the mind of one
of its products, is utter foolishness and stinks of egotism. for that product to inherit the
mantle of planetary caretaker, and to then abuse that responsibility the way it has, is
willful and survival-threatening ignorance. with kind and dynamic laws of physics in
place, the universe is conscious, and universal consciousness is everything's reality.


james howard's theories
james howard's theories on the role played by testosterone, dhea
and melatonin in human evolution are very
interesting and seem to explain an enormous number of human traits and developments. they may
well be key to showing the path from hominids to humans without recourse to alien intervention
or any aquatic period.
recent discoveries
in dna mechanics in humans compared with all other species, seem to support some of these theories.

"one deletion removes a sensory vibrissae and penile spine enhancer from the human androgen
receptor (ar) gene, a molecular change correlated with anatomical loss of androgen-dependent
sensory vibrissae and penile spines in the human lineage. another deletion removes a
forebrain subventricular zone enhancer near the tumour suppressor gene growth arrest and dna-
damage-inducible, gamma (gadd45g), a loss correlated with expansion of specific brain
regions in humans."

aquatic ape theory
the aquatic ape theory is another possible explanation
as to how humans came to be here. it's worth having a look at

elaine morgan's classic book "the scars of evolution", which fits many human quirks and
anomalies into a plausible framework for the classic darwinian evolutionary process to
produce us. the most up-to-date morgan publication is

the aquatic ape hypothesis which details the theory with more references and facts
backing it up. a list of human anomalies addressed include :-

subcutaneous fat (ten times more than chimps and gorillas) despite the difficulties in
healing cut or damaged fatty surface skin as compared with apes.
eccrine glands to produce sweat instead of apocrine.
hairlessness.
large brain mass on thin necks. rich and varied diet required for large brain development.
upright stance (baboons manage on the savannah without recourse to standing up permanently)
despite all the physiological disruptions caused by sustaining an upright mammal (pelvis
adapted to support internal organs, spinal curvature causing more stress on discs, etc...).
diving reflex (cold water in face drops heart rate)
dropped larynx to enable conscious control of breathing (side product - guttural vocal
sounds leading to development of language)
lack of obvious oestrus cycle (woman shows no outward signs of being "in heat").
additionally, from craig hagstrom's book the passionate ape,
easily-verifiable evidence like our brain cells being fattier than apes' brain cells, so that
our heads can float more easily. and human babies are so fat, they can float immediately after
birth with no effort, but chimp babies are so skinny, they'd sink like a stone. the glowing
anecdotes of water births for human mothers also lends to the hypothesis that we are water-adapted.
some of my own observations include the remnants of webbing between fingers and toes, which
does not occur in great apes. also, how our feet are more like flippers with next-to-useless toes, than
adaptations of ape feet that can grip branches. our hips and pelvis point to a swimming function, rather
than a direct mutation from all fours to bipedal locomotion. muscular and bone weakening compared to
our cousin apes, can be explained by us being bouyant in water for so long.

here is a good summary of regarding ourselves as aquatically-evolved :-


characteristicshumansapessavannahaquatics
habitual bipedalismyes---
loss of body hairyes-yes(rhino and elephant)yes
skin-bonded fat depositsyes--yes
ventro-ventral copulationyesyes(bonobo)-yes
diminution of apocrine glandsyes--yes
hymenyes--yes
enlarged sebaceous glandsyes--yes
psychic tearsyes--yes
loss of vibrissaeyes--yes
volitional breath controlyes--yes
eccrine thermoregulationyes--yes
descended larynxyes--yes
the aquatic phase took place more than 5 million years ago and lasted millions of years.
since then, humans, denisovans and neanderthals had hundreds of thousands of years to re-adapt to terrestrial life.
it is not surprising that the traces of aquatic adaptation have become partially obliterated and have gone unrecognised for so long.
but the traces are still there as the table indicates.

a lot of direct evidence is cited which can easily be verified, but cannot easily be explained,
unless the aquatic theory is adopted. an example is the dropping of the larynx in babies at
about 3 to 6 months old, so that breathing can be done through just the mouth. before the drop
occurs, breathing is only normally and easily done through the nose (where the air is
filtered), and this allows the baby to breast feed whilst breathing. when the descent causes
problems, we get many cot deaths at around this age. however, i am beginning to subscribe more
to the theory that sids has its causes in james howard's conjectures about
increased testosterone levels :
a theory that additionally explains baldness through testosterone deflecting
dhea away from its
intended target tissues in the body, and which also accounts for ethnic differences in sids
incidence, as well as higher frequency amongst smoking mothers.

what makes this theory so appealing is that most human anomalies can be seen in aquatic
mammals, and seem to be explained if we assume that our predecessors spent a few million years in an
aquatic environment, like the sea, where we would even sleep in water. the
savannah theory looks very shaky when we mention these human quirks, and the explanations given
by the likes of desmond morris are weak and contrived.
more on the intervention theory
some slides are available on lloyd pye's site.
also, there is a good book on the subject.

ancient sumerian tablets detail aliens that came here thousands of years ago and genetically
engineered us from the extant hominoids. they later made wheat and various domesticated animals
to sustain us, since they made us deliberately weak, subservient and faulty, so as to be
controlled by them. we were too weak and fearful to effectively survive on this planet without
their help. they were gods to us - our creators and able to punish or reward as they saw fit.
you can see how this meshes with what don juan the yaqui indian shaman was saying in one of the
"quotes of the year". however, juan states
that "the sorcerers of ancient mexico ... reasoned that man must have been a complete being at one
point, with stupendous insights, feats of awareness that are mythological legends nowadays. and
then, everything seems to disappear, and we have now a sedated man." they say that humans had
already evolved before aliens imposed their consciousness onto us and subdued us. this is also
an interesting theory, and may explain such ancient artefacts as the pyramids and the stones of
baalbek. anyway, here are some objections to aat :-

see chromosomal evidence for some diagrammatic explanation.
conscious control of breathing is demonstrated by macaques who have been able to dive for
fallen fruit, nuts and berries in rivers for many thousands of years. they can voluntarily hold
their breath for up to 30 seconds. they have not lost their fur or developed subcutaneous fat
deposits.
our hair and nails grow continuously and need to be regularly cut in order for them not to
interfere with our survival processes. this seems like a genetic mistake, rather than a
by-product of aat. in fact, aat does not explain this at all.
our nearest relatives have thick copious hair on their backs and finer hair on their
chests. human males have the complete opposite. again, this seems like a genetic error. it
serves the aquatic ape with no benefit, so why is it so?
of all the species on earth, humans are the most anti-nature in everything they are proud
to achieve, except in procreation, which they are too good at! the society they have
manufactured for themselves is quite astoundingly out of kilter with the planet they supposedly
evolved on, and totally unlike any other intelligent species construct. we are born into
money-making prison with a 7-day cycle imposed on us from birth (no questions asked), certain
plants and mushrooms deemed "out of bounds", and kindness and wisdom punished by derision and
ultimately murder. we train people's minds to believe certain ideas that make them want to
fight complete strangers because of what some leader dictates, and to believe that invisible
boundaries drawn up between neighbouring patches of land actually exist in reality. we almost
wholesale believe there is an invisible all-seeing all-knowing being that monitors each of our
individual lives and doles out punishment and reward as "he" sees fit!

the current state of play
we anti-nature clever apes currently have a society which has developed weird
control-infatuated institutions that irradiate their citi-sheeps'
brains with carefully-researched
thought-controlling electromagnetic radiation under the guise of
mobile
phones and the like, has plans to slowly introduce
chips into everyone's bodies,
disguised as the right to "buy and sell" securely, and sprays poisonous
substances into the air we breathe from photographed planes that "don't exist", to make
us ill and less able to put up a fight against loss of civil liberties. we are currently
researching how to make tiny body-invasive
nanobots which can take control of
any corporeal or mental function, under the guise of curing the incurable. if i could choose
the direction of research today, it wouldn't be military, genetic, nanobotic, or clandestine.
it would be in making a better, longer-lasting and more stimulating environment for healthy
human beings to share their lives in; not the poisonous, grey concrete jungles we are all
forcibly herded into under the "free" choice of work or starve, and where money becomes your
goal, not natural, spiritual fulfilment. certain plants
that grow naturally upon the
earth's surface are deemed illegal in this society,
though it is obvious to anyone with sense that this is madness, especially when the only
legal recreational drugs are proven poisonous to
our bodies, and can kill in overdose (nicotine and alcohol). the propaganda surrounding other
drugs like heroin,
is venomously negative, and the actual experiences expose it as lies. the law-makers and
propagandists consistently demonstrate confusion between the effect of the drug and the
effect of the black market. this deliberate ignorance betrays a hidden agenda; that such laws
and conditioning are only enforced to keep the clandestine elite (the
government-controlling illuminati) in power, and the rest of us blind to the facts due to
secretly-instilled debilitation and bad education. all sorts of ways of keeping a stupid
creature (who only actively uses a quarter of their cerebral mass) even more stupid, have
been devised and implemented. it is getting to the point now where things which give me great
spiritual pleasure and enlightenment, cause great consternation and anger in the
microwave-controlled masses surrounding me. the
illuminati's agenda of complete world population control strikes me as them being bored
with destroying everything with hate. there's nothing left for the elite to pursue but
control. they think that love is too flimsy a foundation for society, and that force always
gets results quickly, albeit for the short term future. however, one only has to look at
human physiology to see that, above all other mammals on this planet, we are the ones who are
designed to love each other sexually and passionately.

we are the only naked land mammal (aside from the domesticated pig, and other pachyderms),
and as such have skin that is very delicate and sensitive to the touch. hair is a valuable
survival asset when your skin is thin, so why did we lose ours? now, we've all got to wear
clothes! sensitivity to touch is dramatically intensified with bare skin. i don't know about
you, but i absolutely adore being caressed and tickled gently. my first girlfriend and i used
to spend hours on end doing just that. ecstasy!
most human copulations are hit and miss affairs, since the male is never sure of ovulation
in a female. she is nearly always in heat, yet can only conceive for a few days each month.
this would mean us men have to bonk like crazy in order to breed. good because that implies
bucket-loads more pleasure for all of humanity. if women weren't so hung up on commitment,
humans would be a lot happier a species! we should be shagging a fuck of a lot more than we
actually are doing in modern-day society with all its indoctrinated views on monogamy, sexual
temperance and miserable, enforced chastity, especially around the time hormones are running
at their peak (teenage years).
the erect male knob is by far the largest of all primates, and is the only mammalian cock
with no penis bone. this would imply a necessity for foreplay and arousal, unlike our
instantly-erect and quickly-ejaculating cousins.
sensitive ear-lobes and lips, and faces with intricacy of expression beyond any other
creature on this planet.
the angle of the human vagina is such that face-to-face copulation is encouraged.


most of these observations can only indicate the ungovernable need for physical love in human
beings - something the imposed human society isn't conducive to. instead, a myriad of "cute" ways
to avoid the elephant in the room. we're designed to be far out, incredible, wondrous, blissful,
meek and wise. instead, we're allowed to be awkwardly polite to each other. no wonder so
much suppressed sexual perversity exists.

all these observations
point to the fact that humans seem to be designed for love, sometimes at the cost of a safer
survival blueprint, because love, benevolence, and compassion parallel the feelings of the
energy of the very atoms that make everything up. everyone "knows" that consciously going
against the energy flows always results in bad events later (yet they
never seem to learn from this, which is why they think that "life is a bad lot, but, hey
what the hell..." rather than "wow, there's never a dull moment!"). and it's quite obvious
that, compared to other species, humans are as soft as shit! so, perhaps our society is
supposed to be founded on love and sex, not mistrust, paranoia and sexual suppression /
distortion. when you realise this, the perception that the common man is unimportant compared
with government figures, evaporates. everyone innately has the same potential for love - this
is a physiological fact. so we should be living as a set of equal worth cooperatives, not a
gigantic global hierarchy. the illuminati can never see any strength in love as a foundation
stone of societies. what a waste of potential spiritual development, and over all those
centuries, through inaction, fear and lethargy, we are still allowing exactly the same
blinkered punishment / reward existence to flourish. we still let their hate frighten us. jesus
tried to redirect the masses along the correct path, but the elite roused enough hate and fear
in the emotions of the masses, that crucifying him seemed a course of action the masses could
become resigned to. i can hear the crowd's thinking now - "execution is only to be expected if
you motivate people away from the hate-based society we are accustomed to." surely it should
have dawned on us impressionable creatures by now, that those who try to share the truth with
everyone else, end up marginalised, stigmatised, ostracised or dead, and that this cannot be
allowed to continue. the wise and open-minded should be elevated to the positions of chief
directors, educators and judges, not those who are rich through brutality, bloodlines and a
knack for obfuscation. we have to move from hate to love.
the abnormal ways of mankind
the way the world is now, seems very strange to a purist viewpoint like mine. all humans have
to accept the ways and customs of an iniquitous society, in which, for no forgivable reason,
the "westerners" have all the food and resources, while billions in the third world starve
and struggle for education. this madness is accepted because the invisible monster that
society has become, is regarded by most to be outside of their control, and, hence, has to be
tolerated as is. facts : 1) unless you contribute something towards this amorphous faceless
structure that seems like an unfair cage, then you will starve to death. you have to go to
work, even though you are only making a number bigger.
you have to educate the kids in the ways of society, even though you may not agree with its
track record of malignancy. 2) try to change this state of affairs, and force will be used to
suppress you. some spiritually enlightened humans have been able to see outside of this box,
realising things like the need for a 7-day week structure to fit our lives around are
ludicrous, and that language and science are methods of
refining the thought-forms of humans into commonly understood and anticipatable categories.
it amazes me how upset people get by their own brain's conditioned interpretation of air
vibrations on their eardrums, when the words are insulting, but the intentions jocular or
opposite. too much importance has been placed on words. people commonly think that humans are
the most important species of life on this planet. if you accept the introduction of new
species to this planet (or the genetic alteration of species extant here) by outside forces
or life forms, then how arrogant of us to think that the buck would necessarily stop here at
the "human" stage, when we can't even trust ourselves, and, rather than advance life's lot,
employ our best knowledge to create ever bigger guns and locks. the governments of the world
may be party to the exact nature of the external forces at work in shaping life on earth.
after all, there are plenty of better thinkers and philosophies out there to choose a wiser
way forward, but they are always deliberately suppressed or marginalised, as if a threat
rather than an improvement. the next stage may be imminent and a massive depopulation of
humans will become necessary to advance to this next stage of life's development. judging by
current climes, it seems this mass culling is already slowly taking place. if humans are just
a stepping stone towards who knows what, then don't fool yourself into thinking that the
governments' puppeteers have respect for human life; anything you get from the media is just
lip service in the light of the bigger picture. the figureheads in government are as
powerless as you or i, inside this cage called society. the nazis said
"arbeit macht frei"
(work makes freedom), and this is what we are forced to do to feed ourselves and our loved
ones. the jews who walked under that banner, inevitably ended up dead in disgusting
conditions. judging by society's desperate
lurches towards depravity, this is the way we all end up. look at some of the recent ideas
of advancement that are coming out now - genetic engineering of humans and cloning,
biochemical interference with natural processes like sleep and sexual congress, augmentation of
bodies with electronic devices, and technological alteration of all foodstuffs worldwide. this
is utter madness - it shouldn't have to be such that all species of life are ultimately mere
vassals to corporate society's unnatural and perverted money-making whims.


pictures and videos



have a browse of some of my favourite video shorts.
click here for a gallery of various images.
click here for some pictures of the family in the philippines.
click here for a gallery of odd snapshots of myself.
download mjzoomer for a simple png, bmp, jpg, wmf, emf
and ico image viewer and printer.



great audio downloads and comedy mp3s
comedy
** warning : offensive language is contained in many of the following clips **

mike reid stand-up in 2000 64-minute stand-up routine (128mb mp4)



i love comedy because it can quite often be brought to an audience in purely audio form,
leaving the rest up to the listener's imagination. here is a selection of my favourites :-

russell peters 40-minute stand-up routine (4.98m mp3)
george carlin 67-minute stand-up routine (7.63m mp3)
jack dee 101-minute stand-up routine (11.5m mp3)
mike reid 58-minute stand-up routine (6.63m mp3)
joe rogan live 55-minute stand-up routine (6.3m mp3)
bernard manning 6 minutes of stand-up excerpts (790k mp3)
doctored bush union speech 1 (688k mp3)
doctored bush union speech 2 (723k mp3)
frank sinatra and the taliban orchestra (428k mp3)
a selection of bill hicks' clips :
hicks 1 (457k mp3)
hicks 2 (193k mp3)
hicks 3 (685k mp3)
hicks 4 (2.54m mp3)
abbott and costello's "who's on first" sketch (716k mp3)

good audio software

for a midi sequencer with no parallel, there used to be
technotoys seq-303 but i am currently negotiating
distribution of it via this site with the author jim johnson, who has no more time for it. it
is a unique 16-beat midi sequencer which interfaces to soundblaster and yamaha cards advanced
features and enables real-time tweaking of parameters. i have used it on every one of
my music cds and have found it invaluable for trance-out
tracks. i hope i receive good news soon. ** update ** - he doesn't want to redistribute it, despite
seq-303 working fine under windows 10. oh well 🤷
for a fine midi sequencer which is more standard, try 
evolution midi sequencer or download the 764k fully-functional
freebie that i use.
for the best wav file manipulator and player (especially looping), download

goldwave.
a good player was the old version of winamp before it went mad.
here is version 2.90 lite (540k zip), a much saner release.
there are many "make your own music" software products out there, but check out
the fruityloops sequencer.
this is one of the most intuitive and brilliant bits of software on the market, and can export
to mp3 and wav format.
if you want codecs to play mp4, dvd and flv file formats, go to
edskes mirror and
download k-lite full codec pack. install with the "lots of stuff" option instead of "default".



rethink links. throw out the trash. think for yourself.
remember, please retain a 
sense of humour when reading some of these sites! thanks to
viz comics for this classic grassy
knollington strip and compare the last frame with
this picture. you've gotta laugh!
large remit sites

warrior - elevate your mind
 - a beautifully put together site by tony balbin who has gone through the trials and
tribulations of learning that everything one knows is wrong!
birth of a new earth
henry makow
rat haus is one of the best rethink sites i have
ever had the privilege of visiting. a vast range and regularly updated. the section on
terminator seeds alone is
worth its weight in gold.
deoxy.org - site is down! click here for my mirror of this site as of 2003.
deoxy mirror index page
exquisite and delicious is deoxy's site (was at http://deoxy.org/deoxy.htm), stuffed
full of great articles from all over the web. osho's
ego critique is an absolute must for freeing yourself from your mental cage. timothy
leary's declaration of evolution is a superb
statement of self-evident truths. the list is endless,
but superbly collated here.
truthseekers is well laid out, and has
plenty of sound and video files and flyers for downloading and distributing. the
nwo agenda is disturbing.
conspiracy theorists - you should confirm your natural suspicions at
http://www.educate-yourself.org/. from
their 15th may 2003
newsletter and right on the button is :-

tobacco tincture: i'm acquainted with a talented healer i'll call cathy who constantly
studies alternative healing therapies and applies the information learned. she found out
about a year ago, that if she soaked pesticide-free, organic tobacco in alcohol (vodka, sake,
white rum, etc) for a couple of days, that she will get a powerful germ killer that seems to
knocks down most pathogens it encounters, especially the hidden "stealth viruses" that she
found (through dowsing) in chemtrails. american indian cigarettes, found at specialty smoke
shops, is pesticide free. when faced with strange `flu-like' symptoms that don't respond to
other therapeutic modalities, she frequently finds that tobacco tincture will do the trick. a
few drops in water is all that's required. (by the way, those beautiful `red' or `pink'
sunsets you see all the time now are mostly due to the desiccated red blood cells mixed in
with the chemtrails along with the stealth viruses and other pathogenic radionic energy
signatures designed to weaken your immunity and disconnect you from rising consciousness).

ellie crystal's site is a treasure trove of
miscellaneous revelations. she brings together some excellent related material which would
take an internet researcher an age to piece together. a good example is her
"historical paintings with ufos" page
which really needs greater exposure to the public.
light net.
the truth campaign is a wonderful uk site
with its own bi-monthly magazine.
metatech.
serendipity's magnificent expos site should
keep you thoroughly entertained.
provoking stuff on die off's site,
packed full of articles, links and information for people concerned about the future of mankind
on this planet.
2012 unlimited.
re-educate yourself in cyberclass.
may look like bible-bashers' bunkum, but underneath the rhetoric, it conveys the right
message. have a look at jah truth's
site. there's loads of stuff, but i really liked
destructive tv advertising.

rothschild lied when he said, "i care not who makes a country's laws
as long as i make their money." he judged everyone by his own standards and assumed
that everyone was like him and had their price. unfortunately, it appears he was right
about the majority of people. the fact that the new world order got their puppet
politicians to enact the federal reserve act in 1913, and the fact that they had john f.
kennedy killed when he went to repeal it, is proof that rothschild lied.


good essays and articles

beverly eakman's how psychology and high-tech
marketing have "deformed" education is an essential read to get a handle on what is
happening in our schools at the moment. more of her stuff is on
her website and well worth some attention, especially
her article on implants.
double diamond is gritty, thought-provoking
and amateur. but it really is worth the read.
dr. judith reisman has a wonderful site
with some startling
revelations in terms of the myths of sexual intercourse.
henry makow's save the males. i like the essay
entitled "playboy and the (homo) sexual
revolution", and here is a snippet from another :-

western civilization is being destroyed from within by a conspiracy of the superrich
administered by victim-zombies who have sold their souls to satan and don't even know it.

babel magazine is a terrific source of
articles done from a purely journalist point of view. the reporting is excellent and quite
philosophical at times. from
illusions of the
machine by lisa guliani :-

well, it isn't too difficult to figure out, really. the mainstream media does what it is told
to do. they write and report only on what they are "allowed" to. writers at babel magazine,
on the other hand, don't have a short leash and electric collar, so we are able to write
freely. if they want to keep their cushy careers intact, as well as their lives, i dare say,
then they will damn well obey the top monkeys on the ladder. no coverage of bilderberg
meetings? it is well-noted that media personalities we are all familiar with attend these
meetings each year, yet we don't hear a peep out of them about these functions - no coverage
of chemtrails - yet one can see the slew of articles, photographs and lab analyses on
internet news sources. there's no honest coverage of the real story behind 9/11 - yet news
sources on the internet reveal to us the other side of that tarnished coin.

nexus magazine is always worth a look. a
superb treat is the installation.
exactly how i see things, in the mini essay
blueprint for a prison planet.
print it and read it at work!
i love the way donald e. watson puts his ideas across on his
enformy site. of special hefty clout was his treatise
on homo sapiens.

mind control sites

site down! click here for my mirror of this site as of 2002.
personal surveillance is
a brilliant treatise written by someone with real experience - paul baird. he
writes about the covert controls applied both at the higher echelons of governmental
and business establishments, and the general public's levels :-

all users of mobile phones can be monitored via satellite and "affected" if necessary. aside
from the microwave health dangers, the current can be remotely increased 20,000 times to fry
your brains in a second. chechnyan leader, general dudayev may have been killed that way. he
was on his mobile.


most public figures are constantly "monitored" by corrupt government agencies (esp. the cia)
and their criminal contacts. (some of them even bragged about it to me). it's not a matter of
"if you have nothing to hide, why worry" but rather "if you have nothing to hide, you are a
worry". only those in tune with the thinking of the "nazis" of the new world order, only
those who can be bought, blackmailed, controlled and so on are allowed into mainstream
politics, journalism etc. these days. this affects us all because these then are the people
who determine/influence how we live and die. for instance, i know of many capable, "good"
people who are excluded or pressured not to act because they oppose criminals in high places.
this is "thought policing" in the real world. it's sickening.

site down! click here for my mirror of this site as of 2003.
project freedom - an utter gem,
the uk take on mind control technology.
raven - microwave mind control - superb and eleanor
replies personally to your e-mails.
james henry graf's superb and necessary 
disclosure should prompt some reassessments.
cahra's mind control site cites plenty of
startling documentary evidence that this is going on. author cheryl walsh is a law student and
researcher, and a victim of psychotronic weapons herself.

political sites


project censored with excellent
coverage of articles that never make it to the news.
alex jones' infowars site - superb.
bilderberg organisation - critical dissection of
the bildeberg agenda. this is a really massive site, and well worth the read :-

the ideology put forward at the bilderberg conferences is that what's good for banking and
big business is good for the mere mortals of the world. silently banished are the critical
voices, those that might point out that debt is spiralling out of control, that wealth is
being sucked away from ordinary people and into the hands of the faceless corporate
institutions, that millions are dying as a direct result of the global heavyweight
rockefeller / rothschild economic strategies.


miscellaneous sites

there's a whole host of interesting spiritual articles at 
netnews association.
soldier of the lord is a great
read, and shouldn't go unheeded.
four winds is eye-opening at times. have a look at
lenticular
clouds (cloudships) for a strange phenomenon. check their
news index.
read the eye-opening
farsight's mission statement.
john taylor gatto's brilliant re-appraisal of education.
this should ring a bell.
spot on about ringers and stringers.
the electric cosmos is a superb
alternative to standard cosmological interpretation. it's obvious if you understand the
ubiquity and properties of plasma. no need for "black holes", "red shifts", "gravitational
lensing" or "big bangs". dr.
halton c. arp demonstrates the misleading nature of red shift analysis where the barred
spiral galaxy ngc 4319 and the quasar like object markarian 205 show a definite physical
connection despite massive redshift differences.


discuss these issues on into the night forum
or the peanuts gang forum. i post to these under
the moniker "graphic equaliser" and they're both fabulous. hats off to the people involved - the posters.


interesting sites to visit

understanding on my wavelength, and top of my sites is
krishnamurti's book of life, which is my current bible.
rupert sheldrake has put a good site together,
which encourages your own experimentation on paranormal phenomena. many of his experiments
and their results form the meat of some of my points on this
site.
excellent reporting on common dreams.
eye-openers like 
afghans' uranium levels spark alert are the type of reality reporting the mainstream
avoid like the plague.
some really good links, and some really weird ones too is 
memepool's site. always a fascinating read, and updated daily with new stuff.
take your pick of intelligent and provocative scientific articles, all beautifully housed at

lee borrell's site.
the scientists' revolt is going on at
sparkchamber.
this is where we realise we have been trying too hard.
for some amazing computer-generated pictures that are so life-like,
you'll be looking at them with a magnifying glass, visit
the zargon studios web site.
for some amazing theories about consciousness and quantum effects in the brain try
matti pitkanen
if you think the police are corrupt, try
black information link for some hard facts on how they,
and many other institutions in society, really are.
for some tremendous insights both new and old, go to the thinkers page on
sasha's great thinkers and visionaries page,
and follow the links.
predictions of the future come in all different forms. some very interesting ones are on
raymond kurzweil's site.
corruption in usa is dealt with openly and frankly on
forest glen durland's brilliant site.
go to gordon l. ziniewicz's philosophy page.
the whole site is abundant in philosophical treats,
and his tone of communication is very easy on the brain.
check out green net for the latest news on
human rights abuse around the world.
internet rights
keep the british side of internet freedom up admirably well.
cult of the dead cow
is always worth a look, especially as it tries to keep the internet free.
for a site that takes some believing, but the experiments are obviously going on,
try weird sight.
have a look at fort ogden for a chuckle.

that lot should keep you reading quality, instead of propaganda.


image of the day :-
previous image
next image


your current system :-



my current system :-

cpuintel® corei7 quad core processor i7-4790k 8mb cache @4.4ghz

mobogigabyte z97-hd3: atx, lg1150, usb 3.0, sata 6gb/s

psucorsair 350w vs series vs-350

oswindows 10 pro

gpu1gb nvidia geforce gtx 750 - dvi, mhdmi, vga - 3d vision ready

ram8gb kingston dual-ddr3 1600mhz (1 x 8gb)

hdd120gb samsung 840 evo ssd, sata 6gb/s (up to 540mb/sr | 410mb/sw)toshiba 500gb 3.5" sata-iii 6gb/s hdd 7200rpm 16mb cache

optical drivesusb samsung dvrw se-208

my old system :-

cpuskt 775 lga intel core 2 duo e8500 @3.8ghz (400mhz fsb, 9.5x)

moboasrock p43 twins 1600

psugeneric power supply 500w

oswin xp pro sp3

gpunvidia geforce 9600 gso pcie 768mb

ram2 gb (2 x 1024mb nanya 800mhz ddr2)

hdd250gb maxtor sata ii 7200 rpm 8mb buffer stm3250310as

optical drivesoptiarc dvd rw ad-7200a

test resultspc mark 05 9358 | 3d mark 03 31052 | 3d mark 05 19733 | 3d mark 06 10445

my oldest system :-

cpuskt 754 athlon amd 64 3400+ newcastle core @2.4ghz (200mhz fsb, 12x)

moboabit kv8 pro 3rd eye

psucoolermaster extreme power 380w

oswin xp pro sp2

gpugigabyte nvidia geforce turboforce 6600 256mb agp 8x

ram1 gb (2 x 512mb nanya 400mhz ddr)

hdd250gb maxtor udma133 ide 7200 rpm 16mb buffer 6b250r0

optical drivesteac cdrw 516eb, samsung dvd master 16e model sd-616

test resultspc mark 04 4332 | 3d mark 03 5768 | 3d mark 05 2467



browsers should be tested with this script (hammers the browser).
imo, mj browser is the best browser (i may be biased here!),
but firefox is the best of the big players. all chrome-based browsers (chrome, opera, edge ...) are pretty much
screwed because they can't handle 3,500 rows by 250 columns in the
browser memory tester.




