





untitled document








pine barrens reflections 1pine barrens reflections 2pine barrens waterpine barrens flowerspine barrens landscapesnjcf franklin parker preservebatsto village
whitesbog and pine barren ruinsdelaware riverdelaware baynew jersey shoredigital birdsdigital flowerspanoramasstock photographyswamp pink fact sheetnatural wonders of the jersey pines and shoreart and artist infolinks 

 
 
 
 
 


michael hogan photography

fine art and stock photography of southern new jersey 

the  new jersey pine barrens or pinelands, is a unique environmental treasure. it covers about 1  million acres of largely undeveloped land in the nation most densely populated  state (nj)â  it is designated as a biosphere reserve by the united nations andâ  a  "last great place" by the nature conservancy for its environmental  importance. it contains wild waterways including the batsto river, mullica  river, wading river, maurice river, and great egg harbor river. 
the  new jersey pine barrens contains many  rare and interesting plant species, such as the bog asphodel, which  grows no where else in the world. southern new jersey, including the pine  barrens, contains nearly 70% of known populations of the federally protected swamp pink  lily. representing the global resource for this rare species. many kinds of  beautiful and rare wild orchids are found in the pine barrens, such as the tiny  southern twayblade, and the beautiful white fringed orchid. 
the delaware river is  the longest free-flowing river on the east coast of the u.s. the delaware river  and bay provides food and habitat for many resident and migratory animal  species. the bay is designated as a "last great place" by the nature  conservancy for its environmental importance. parts of the delaware river and  its maurice river tributary are designated as "wild and scenic rivers"  by the national park service.â 
for more information contactâ michael  hogan atâ hoganphoto@verizon.net or 609-476-2086.
 
 
 
 













 
 




