


dispensing happiness






















dispensing happiness
	
  
a good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness.-elsa schiapirelli



that's me, the magical good cook.



borrowing from my friend dexygus, i've created my own food blog.

  

read of my exploits in the kitchen!  salivate over the descriptions of fabulous desserts and savory meals i've concocted!



no, seriously...go ahead.  it'll make my day.




sunday, february 09, 2025



	 
	 lazy mornings
	 
    
.


 happy bagels & lox day (to those who celebrate; in this case, matt).labels: bagels, breakfast, capers, caviart, cream cheese, dill, lox, smoked salmon



posted by stephanie @ 10:55 am
0 thoughts for food






friday, december 20, 2024



	 
	 tea & sympathy
	 
    
.


sliced gin & tonic cakewandavision gave us the line, "what is grief, if not love persevering?"i'm no stranger to loss*.  and i've often felt as though my heart was just a bit too big, a smidge too squishy. i feel things.over the last couple of months, i've been feeling a lot.anger.  bafflement. frustration. all having a little parade in my soul.but grief has been leading the way.   cordon bleu bites  adult friendships are different.  when you're a kid, especially if you grow up in a small town where not only does everyone know everyone else, you're very likely to run into a relative while out and about.you form those friend-bonds early.  you learn everything about each other. if they have brothers or sisters. what their parents are like. your stories are the same, your stories are different: you got sent to a summer camp for a week because your parents would rather cough up the money than actually have to, you know, parent you. they went to disney with their extended family.you know each other's likes and dislikes.  who got chicken pox first, and who's parents were most likely to invite everyone over to catch it (seriously, it was a thing).but when you're an adult, and an adult in the online world in particular, you often skip over all of that.you're drawn together by common interests and the friendships grow from there. and you can be the absolute best of friends while not knowing huge swaths of information.  "oh, i didn't know you had an older brother!"that's ok.  mini yorkshire puddings with roast beef & horseradish crema these grownup friendship will also, often, be conducted through emails, texts, social media. tagging each other on cool posts, sending an "i saw this and thought of you!" message. short, but showing that you're always on each other's minds.  that you matter. they matter.if you're lucky, there will be longer, catch-me-up phone calls or lunches. reconnecting. learning new things.it always feel easy.  you part feeling good. about each other and your relationship.   crumpetsmary -  breadchick to many of you - was one of those friends.we met when we were older, through those early food blogging days. it turned out that she had the same book i was using for wartime wednesdays!our friendship grew. highs and lows.  i knew she was always there for me, and i would have done anything for her.when this disease really started to take over, i was feeling...i don't know.  helpless.  overwhelmed.  useless.  suddenly, i was unable to do some of the most basic tasks. forget about anything 'big'. everything felt out of (my) control.i try not to let that show, but she saw through me and asked, "what is one thing you'd really like to see done?"ha. oh, my. that list was as long as santa's.  but i replied, "getting alex's room cleaned up. it's a hazard zone in there.and mary, well she took a few day's vacation, booked a hotel near us, and worked on that kid's room.i sat on a chair on the other side of the doorway and we caught up as she worked through the ohmygodwhatamess.it was more than she could do in the time she was here.  it was a good start.but what mattered was she was there for me.  however long i live, that's what will stay with me.lemon shortbread cookiesmary and i did most of our communicating through twitter (rip).  we'd talk about everything - food, alex, our pets, her love life, golf. i stopped using the evil site awhile ago, but would check in on her (i did eventually get her to join bluesky, phew).  but i noticed she wasn't posting as much.  not a huge concern, life is chaos. there was some brief back and forth, followed by 'big life changes! will email soon!'. ...that email never came. i tried her on various platforms. i emailed.  i even had matt send a text (i am text-averse).  nothing.i just had this feeling of dread. i couldn't find my friend.  one of my best friends. i searched for her name online. i found nothing.until i did. a company that knew and worked with her (she was a brilliant audio engineer; you've probably been in a stadium or hall she'd set up) posted a tribute to her.and that's when i learned that my friend was gone.mary cook aka breadchick died in early september**. i didn't find out until early october. i was, am, heartbroken.  and pissed. an entire month went by, and i had no idea.one of my favorite people was gone. and every day since, i've thought about or been reminded of her.part of her christmas gift i'd already bought.the nifty mid-century halloween house decoration we got.updates on alex.she's with me.  except she's not.  gin & tonic cakemary and i loved tea, and tea culture.  we'd gift each other vintage tea cups and saucers. she'd come up for a visit and i'd set out a little tea party. she would also come up for international tabletop day - i'd make way too much food and the four of us would play games all day. i needed time. to process (not doing so well there, am i), to just...live with her not being here.and then i put on a tea party, with some of her favorite things.after, we played a rousing game of castle panic.she would have loved it. * ask me about the birthday curse** it's a real thinglabels: baking, breadchick, cooking, cordon bleu, crumpets, death, food, friendship, gin and tonic, loss, shortbread, tea, tea party, yorkshire pudding



posted by stephanie @ 1:30 am
1 thoughts for food






friday, november 22, 2024



	 
	 breathing fire
	 
    
.


 and by fire, i mean garlic.but so worth it.creamy garlic alfredo ditalini.thinly-sliced garlic fried in olive oil, then removed. toast pasta in (some of) the oil. add a little seasoning, then stock and cream and let that cook.butter and cheese go in near the end, then top it all with more cheese and the fried garlic.so good.  so filling, but not heavy. and perfect for a cooler evening.oof, did i spend the next 12 or so hours breathing out garlic!labels: chives, cooking, cream, ditalini, garlic, pasta, pecorino, recipes



posted by stephanie @ 12:10 am
0 thoughts for food






friday, october 18, 2024



	 
	 happy national chocolate cupcake day!
	 
    
.


 as if we needed an excuse... labels: baking, chocolate, chocolate cupcakes, cupcakes, peanut butter



posted by stephanie @ 11:10 pm
0 thoughts for food






tuesday, september 03, 2024



	 
	 making clotted cream - are you cornwall or devon?
	 
    
.


 from the very first time i had tea at the now-closed tea shop in town, with its multi-level trays of sandwiches, scones, and sweet baked goods, i was a clotted cream devotee. i'll often do 'tea for dinner' at home, ranging from a few items to more food than three people should eat (but do), and always, always try to get clotted cream for the scones.that's not always an option, however.maybe, if the stars align, whole foods will have it in stock. or, if we're willing to drive a bit, costplus.otherwise, i need to really plan ahead and order online, and even that isn't a guarantee.i'd read these articles or posts about making your own...but there's a little problem. clotted cream requires exactly one ingredient: unpasteurized cream.this is the us. we don't do unpasteurized dairy products.so i resigned myself to clotted cream roulette. sometimes i won. most times, i did not. but last week, i watched the latest episode of tasting history (by the by, i adore max and his channel), where he made clotted cream...because he found a low-pasteurized cream!and i discovered that both whole foods and earth fare carry that exact brand.so over the weekend...my oven was the star.and what came out (after a very long rest in the fridge) was decadent and perfection.served with heart-shaped scones and strawberry jam (alongside slices of cheese tart and little cakes), it was...everything.and the best/bonus news: it freezes! we had more than enough for tea, and a hearty supply for future needs.thank you, max!for the record, i am devon all the way.labels: clotted cream, cornwall, cream, devon, scones, tasting history, tea



posted by stephanie @ 8:40 pm
0 thoughts for food






saturday, august 31, 2024



	 
	 eomeote - 20th anniversary edition
	 
    
.


i definitely had some favorite blog events, and one of them was jeanne and anthony's (formerly of cooksister and spiceblog) end of month egg on toast extravaganza. ok. i didn't love when they expected me to write poetry, but throwing together a version of eggs and toast? yes, please. they're some of my favorite foods!i even hosted a couple of times (hard boiled, round-up here, and seventies song lyrics, round-up here), i loved it so much.so when i was thinking of ways to celebrate dispensing happiness's 20th year on the blogsphere, i knew i had to egg on toast one more time.it's something we do almost weekly here, in fact. saturdays and sundays are the only days when there's enough time to make breakfast for matt, and i try to not only come up with something tasty and filling, but to use up the tail ends of whatever i'd made during the week. there were a few of the ciabattas i'd baked earlier (again, finding decent bread here is inconsistent), as well as a few pieces of prosciutto from something (a sandwich, probably).  so i split them open and toasted them in the frying pan with butter, then made some of the most perfect fried eggs to date. layer up, and breakfast is served.  the rolls got used up, the last few eggs in the carton - gone, and those last pieces of salty ham, finished. it's eggy, it's toasty. what more can you ask for?labels: bread, breakfast, ciabatta, cooksister, eggs, eggs on toast, eomeote, food events, fried eggs, prosciutto, spiceblog



posted by stephanie @ 7:00 am
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, august 28, 2024



	 
	 wartime wednesdays: 20th anniversary edition - veranda punch
	 
    
.


"fruit beverages are particularly valuable in the diet. they should be served more frequently than any of the others except milk. the time has passed when we think of them as only formal or semi-formal occasions or the warmest summer days. they offer most desirable minerals, are rich in vitamins, and, because of the sugar used to sweeten them, are fairly high in fuel value. most of the fruit-juices have a wholesome laxative effect. in the summer they make refreshing drinks; through the winter, the juices that have been bottled during the warmer months plus the fresh juices available from the citrus fruits are a source of vitamins and minerals, which may be so lacking in the diet at that time; and in the spring they are most valuable stimulants to the jaded appetite. the tang of their acid flavor and their attractive color make them welcome additions to the table." the victory binding of the american woman's cook book; wartime edition --- published 1943a nice way to wrap up our (for now) return to ww; a bright, tangy punch!mixing the juices of fresh lemons and oranges and simple sirup (their spelling), add hot tea, then cool.when ready to serve, add ginger ale and charged water.  garnish with slices of oranges and lemons if desired. this was nice! like...a jacked up arnold palmer.  (the glasses are not only vintage, but made in my hometown. there's a matching punch bowl, too!)labels: beverages, citrus, drinks, ginger ale, punch, tea, vintage recipes, wartime wednesdays, world war 2, ww2



posted by stephanie @ 6:30 am
0 thoughts for food






monday, august 26, 2024



	 
	 (mini) blogging by mail - 20th anniversary edition
	 
    
.














 i didn't create blogging by mail, but i did eventually take over the running of the event. and it was a lot of work!but i loved it.  sending and getting glimpses of someone else's food life? so here for it.i don't think it's a manageable event these days.  too many people to keep track of, and the cost of shipping (a big fuck you to louis dejoy) puts it out of reach for many.but it was one of my favorite food things to do, so i had to find a way to bring it back for the ol' anniversary celebration.gathering up a mix of favorite and/or interesting things, i sent a package to my friend jasmine, formerly of cardamom addict. some rather appropriate cardamom-pistachio biscotti, one of the darling and essential mini-liquid measuring cups, gorgeously vanilla-scented candle, and a little usb-powered 'rug' to keep her tea warm.speaking of tea, there's a tin of my own smoke on the water blend, a few cookie cutters, and edible glitter.nutmeg ice cream perfume oil!and brownie brittle.  this made me happy.  it took me back to the 'old days', and i got to surprise a friend with a little bit of foodie goodness. labels: baking, biscotti, blogging by mail, brownies, candles, cookie cutters, cookies, decorations, events, kitchen equimpment, packages, perfume, tea



posted by stephanie @ 9:41 pm
0 thoughts for food






friday, august 23, 2024



	 
	 if sparkles had a scent
	 
    
.


triple vanilla scones i feel sorry for anyone who thinks vanilla is boring. vanilla is glorious!it adds layers, brings out flavors...it's magic.i won't promise that these scones will grant you powers or wishes, but they are tasty.  they do require some planning ahead (and freezer space), but served with a cup of tea (barry's irish breakfast, thank you very much), they are a decidedly non-boring treat. there's even a little surprise inside!labels: baking, breakfast, cinnamon, pastry, scones, tea, vanilla



posted by stephanie @ 7:00 am
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, august 21, 2024



	 
	 wartime wednesdays: 20th anniversary edition - fried chicken & corn bread
	 
    
.


fried chicken  "to clean gibletscut the fat and membrane from the gizzard. make a gash in the thickest part, cutting to, but not through the inner lining. remove the inner sac and throw it away. carefully separate the gall bladder from the liver and cut off any part of the liver that has a greenish color. remove arteries and veins from the top of the heart and squeeze out clots of blood." 
 
  the victory binding of the american woman's cook book; wartime edition---published 1943
 
yummy! (shudders) i picked this recipe because who doesn't love fried chicken (don't answer; i don't want to know)?the book offered two recipes; the second a more conventional 'dip into fritter batter' version, but i was curious about the first. cut two small chickens into 4-6 pieces, then dip (quickly!) into cold water, the sprinkle with salt & pepper before rolling in flour. saute in fat (no specification) until browned on both sides.  drain & keep warm while making the accompanying gravy (i did not). it made for a nice, slightly crisp chicken. again, fairly low effort & ingredients, decent results. in lieu of gravy (the men in this house do not like it), i made  southern corn breadi personally prefer a slightly sweeter corn bread, but this one is solid.about as plain as you can get - white corn meal (yes, white), salt & shortening get mixed with scaled milk. then goes in baking powder & a beaten egg yolk. finally, an egg white, stiffly beaten, gets folded in. all that goes in a greased pan & baked hot (400 f) about twenty minutes.if you toast the pieces & slather with butter & jelly, it's kind of amazing.oh!  there's also the  'sprinkle with diced bacon before baking' option.  labels: chicken, corn bread, dinners, fried chicken, vintage cooking, vintage recipes, wartime wednesdays, world war 2



posted by stephanie @ 11:58 pm
0 thoughts for food






tuesday, august 20, 2024



	 
	 summer, rolled up
	 
    
.


caprese pull.-apart bread matt & alex love caprese. i mean, loooove it. we caprese sandwiches, pasta, everything. that combo of tomato, fresh mozzarella & basil not only taste amazing, but they pretty much scream 'summer!' with every bite (not in a creepy, sentient way).early last week, i saw a recipe for caprese pull-apart bread, so yeah.  that was happening.nothing out of the ordinary - a nice, pliant dough, topped with glorious flavors (...i forgot to add the garlic butter first, so that went on once the bread was formed), cut into slices, stacked in a pan & baked. smells fantastic, tastes even better. labels: baking, basil, bread, caprese, food, mozzarella, pull-apart bread, sun-dried tomato



posted by stephanie @ 7:00 am
0 thoughts for food






sunday, august 18, 2024



	 
	 blog party #45: 20th anniversary party!
	 
    
.


fried gnocchi bites with marinara welcome back to the original online cocktail event - blog party!it's been a few years, i know.  life, eh? but i'm happy you're here - i've missed you! i've embraced the 'china/platinum/emerald' theme of 20th anniversaries (ok, sure; that's for weddings, but i don't think there's blog gift etiquette lists out there), & hung these gorgeous strings of lights around the dining room. the tables have been set with platinum cloths and platinum-trimmed emerald plates.



  and the jazzy sounds of the greatest hits of the (19)20's are playing! 
of course, there's plenty to eat.bites of fresh gnocchi rolled in seasoned breadcrumbs, fried & served with marinara sauce.astoundingly
 good caprese poppers: cherry tomatoes cored & stuffed with 
mozzarella pearls, coated in panko & fried, then drizzled with a 
honey-balsamic reduction.  little pizza bites: 3-day fermented 
crust topped with fromage d'affinois & roasted garlic, thin slices 
of potato, a sprinkling of smoked mozzarella, & rosemary. and
 to balance all the richness, the paloma. sweet & tart grapefruit 
& lemon juices, simple syrup, & club soda with a salted rim.caprese bitesroasted garlic-fromage potato pizza paloma  it was fun having you here after all this time.  twenty years!  hopefully, it won't be another two decades until the next blog party... labels: appetizers, blog party, caprese, cocktails, events, gnocchi, parties, pizza



posted by stephanie @ 10:30 pm
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, august 14, 2024



	 
	 wartime wednesday: 20th anniversay edition - spaghetti loaf
	 
    
.


 spaghetti loaf"many of the well-known cheeses which originated in europe are now reproduced in america with such success that they are considered as good as the european original. moreover, the cheese manufactured in america is generally made on a much larger scale and under more carefully controlled conditions."the victory binding of the american woman's cook book; wartime edition---published 1943 a simple, filling dish that cam (must) be prepared in advance.broken spaghetti (i used fideo) is boiled with a clove of garlic in salted water until tender. take out the garlic, drain and rinse pasta.melt sharp american cheese in milk over boiling water. add to beaten eggs, along with an entire 3/4 tsp salt, minced parsley, grated onion and the now-cooled spaghetti. mix thoroughly.pour this into a buttered loaf pan and bake at 350 f for an hour. i mean, what can i say? it's a basic pasta bake. pretty solid, nothing special. served with a salad and a bit of bread, it becomes a substantial, inexpensive meal.labels: cooking, food, pasta, vintage recipes, wartime wednesdays



posted by stephanie @ 7:00 am
0 thoughts for food






friday, august 09, 2024



	 
	 why do you bake?
	 
    
.


ciabatta rolls the obvious, immediate answer is "because i have no choice. baking is part of me. i have to bake."but the other, just as true, answer is that most of the time, the stores don't carry what i need or want.we cannot get decent breads. it's like...super-soft ultra-processed white or max health with nuts and seeds!just. no.it's been another hawt week, and i planned a bunch of salads and sandwiches for dinner. the problem, of course, is finding suitable breads.or, you know, just making my ownthe most recent was smoked chicken salad on ciabatta. gorgeous dough, essentially hands-off. overnight starter, then several rises. so easy, so good.because sometimes, you just have to bake.labels: baking, bread, ciabatta, recipes, sandwiches



posted by stephanie @ 6:30 am
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, august 07, 2024



	 
	 wartime wednesdays: 20th anniversary edition-  potato omelet
	 
    
.


 potato omeletto ease ourselves back into wartime wednesdays, start with the most important meal of the day: breakfast!"to test an egg for freshness, place it in a glass of water. if the egg falls to the bottom of the glass and lies on its side, it is a fresh egg; if the large end rises slightly, the egg is somewhat stale; if it stands on end or floats, it is very stale. the shell of a fresh egg has a bloom; that of a stale egg is usually shiny. if the contents of an egg rattle when it is shaken, it is not fresh."the victory binding of the american woman's cook book; wartime edition---published 1943 this recipe calls for cold boiled potatoes, but does not specify the type, or if they should be peeled (i don't mind a bit of peel, myself). i did a quick bit of research, and russets seemed to be the widely available spud at the time. i did peel the potatoes, but i wasn't precious about it.they are cubed and cooked in bacon fat - so first, cook some bacon!  mt grandparents kept a bacon grease pot on the stove, which, genius. but since only matt eats actual bacon and because i love him and want him to live for many more years, i try not to feed it too him that often.  we are without a bacon fat pot.anyway, bacon gets cooked and removed, grease left in pan. tiny cubes of cold potato get cooked in the fat with 'the seasonings' (1/2 tsp salt and 1/8 pepper; oh, how cute) for a few minutes. two eggs get beaten with a little bit of milk, then poured over the potatoes. cook until set, fold, and turn on to 'a hot plate'.  i really do not want to be a 1940's housewife. it was simple, but despite the what...six ingredients...he said it was not only really tasty, but filling. i guess those ladies at the culinary arts institute, the delineator cook book, and college of home economics, cornell university, knew what they were doing. a reminder that i'll be bringing wartime wednesdays back all month, and blog party will be making its return on the 17th!labels: bacon, cook books, eggs, history, omelet, potatoes, recipes, vintage cooking, wartime, wartime wednesdays, world wart 2



posted by stephanie @ 4:32 am
0 thoughts for food






sunday, august 04, 2024



	 
	 for 20, give china
	 
    
.


 petit four cake but you get cake!because...drum roll...dispensing happiness will turn twenty this month.i know, right?but it's true.  i've been doing this for nearly twenty years. twenty years.yeesh.lots of things have happened over those two decades (alex is a legal adult now.  the mortgage was paid off.  dogs have come into and out of my life. health issues.  and on and on...), but my love for food and cooking and baking? that has not changed. and while, over the years, i would step away (variety of reasons, like burn out and health), i could never leave for good.when i decided to start back up in january, i had no idea what to expect. but to my surprise and delight, the past seven plus months have been fun.  no stress. no pressure to post daily. just little blocks of text, a photo, and maybe a recipe. it's more for me than anything else.  and i'm enjoying it.but twenty years!that feels like something to celebrate.   so i am. we are!what does that mean? for the month of august (for now, at least), new wartime wednesdays posts.new blog party!! woo-hoo!this one will be simple - on the 17th, i'll host a celebratory bp.  if you want to participate? you know what to do (because the 'rules' are in the link above)!there may be a couple of other throwback favorites showing up this month, as well.  fingers crossed.it's been s a hell of a journey, and i hope you're still along for the ride.labels: anniversaries, blog party, cake, celebrations, cookbooks, food, parties, posting, wartime wednesday



posted by stephanie @ 3:07 pm
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, july 31, 2024



	 
	 take me out to the ballgame...
	 
    
.


burgerito   it's possible that you don't know this about me, but i love baseball.i mean, love it.yes, i'm a (long-suffering) pittsburgh pirates fan, but i'm a lover of the game.i watch baseball from the first spring training game to the last world series out. i watch minor league games. i pull up mlb tv and click on the earliest game available, & cycle through until the pirates play.and after that? i'll watch whatever game(s) is left. i just love baseball, ok?i haven't been to a live game since we left california (pittsburgh at san francisco; the pirates lost, but the stadium was gorgeous, the weather perfect, & we met some lovely fans). i miss it. i miss everything about being at a game. it engages the senses. whether it's the music being piped through the speakers or the sound of a bat meeting a 90+ mph ball - that crack!, the general buzz of people in the seats, vendors calling out their wares as they walk through their sections (you feel for the ones carting drinks & think how lucky the dude -it's usually a guy- hawking cotton candy on a paper cone has it0. the jumbo screen is playing highlights, animations, trivia, all sorts of things.you inhale that mixture of fresh cut grass, leather, beer & humanity. it's rich & beautiful...& i miss it.i can watch games at home, which is great. i don't have to travel (it was a six+ hour round trip to see the pirates when i lied in pa!), i can do other things like make dinner or fold laundry, & i don't have to miss the action.but gawd, i miss the experience.one thing i've been trying to do over the last couple of years is enhance that experience by recreating ballpark food.and wow, has the league upped their culinary games since i was last in a park!while everyone has the usual nachos, hot dogs, popcorn etc, there is so much more. from gourmet sandwiches to sushi to the ridiculous. and i am here for it.as the new season rolls out, i visit each team's site to see what new foods are being added, make a list, & do my best to work my through it.the latest comes from the colorado rockies - the burgerito.it's essentially a...taco burger? as a burrito. ground beef seasoned with taco spices.  fries. salsa., cheese (i used queso), shrettuce & tomato.it's big & silly & filling. and really good. a much better choice than their rocky mountain oysters (look it up). labels: baseball, baseball food, burrito, cooking, food, french fries, tacos



posted by stephanie @ 7:30 am
0 thoughts for food






tuesday, july 30, 2024



	 
	 by request
	 
    
.


italian wedding soupthe first time i tried italian wedding soup, it was at...the olive garden. back in the early 90's!i was visiting a friend who'd moved to pittsburgh, and this was our nice dinner out. coming from a very small town where dining out meant pizza hut, mcd's...or a fish fry, a place like tog was a step up. fancy. the bread! i mean, the bread.  people. genius marketing. i didn't have it again until i got married, about a decade later.  our families (mostly mine) made the food - the hall was celtic-themed, but the food (sans the must-have cookie table) was italian.  there was even venison ragout (caught by a cousin - like i said, small town). and italian wedding soup. there were two versions: one following the recipe exactly, the other using veggie stock and a plant-based sausage meat for the meatballs.  i barely ate at the reception (and ours was more like a large party than a wedding reception), but there were leftovers, and we had a day before our flight to ireland. so i ate as much as i could in that time.in the 22 years since that day, i've made this soup a lot. like..a lot a lot.it's getting harder to manage, as forming the several hundred tiny meatballs (two versions), and turning the carrot & celery into veggie confetti takes a toll on me (it can require days to recover), but dang it all; i love this stuff.so does alex.when i plan the menu for the next week, i always ask him if there's something he'd like to have.  he is, 86% of the time, unhelpful and uninterested. but every now & then, he'll ask for something.recently, it was italian wedding soup. and i was happy to make it.i no longer use a recipe. it's meatballs - a mix of beef/pork (faux versions as well), breadcrumbs, garlic, parsley, s&p, some kind of grating cheese. keep it simple. make so many.the soup base is likewise basic: the tiniest flecks of celery & carrot slowly cooked down in a super-small splash of olive oil. stock (usually, a veg stock, but my god; it's so difficult to find one that isn't low-sodium/low-fat!). get that seasoned to your preference, add ancini di pepe (which has to be ordered).  because i make one stock, we ladle that in first, then add the meatballs (warmed up) to individual bowls. it's easy. it's good. it's comforting.  and my kid thinks so, too. labels: cooking, family, italian wedding soup, meatballs, pasta, soup



posted by stephanie @ 8:00 am
0 thoughts for food






monday, july 29, 2024



	 
	 when it's just too hot
	 
    
.


antipasto pasta salad back when the temps were stuck in the upper 90's, i just...didn't wanna when it came to making dinners.i looked for things that were as hands-off as i could manage.  could i do the actual cooking late the night before? how minimal was the usage of heat?save me from the inferno.matt & i are always happy with salad. big, veg-full salads.  salads topped with components of other dishes.  greens me!alex, however...is a typical 21 year old. the culinary contortion i have to perform to get him to eat something based on lettuce...but he will eat pasta salads.  and now that earth fare has plant-based deli meats, this antipasto pasta salad meant we could get by just boiling a pot of water!i used peppadews (forever grateful to jeanne for introducing me to them all those years ago) for the perpperoncini (because no one here likes them); it was easy, it was flavorful, and it kept me away from the stove.labels: antipasto, cooking, pasta, pasta salad, peppadews



posted by stephanie @ 8:00 am
0 thoughts for food






sunday, july 28, 2024



	 
	 my kind of zero waste
	 
    
.


thai-ish     matt & i think of sunday mornings as 'our time'.shopping's done, maybe we've convinced the dogs to let us sleep past 7, & we can have breakfast together.it's often, though not always, some variation on eggs. i'll survey what we have in the fridge and cupboards, and that's our (ok, usually his), dish.but this time i was kind of sort of prepared. we'd eaten something southeast asian earlier in the week, and the lovely thai basil was still edible. so i told him he was going to have a thai omelet. i said this having never made a thai omelet, but that's what cookbooks and food blogs are for!i found a recipe by the food monger which i more or less followed (i mean, that's why cooking's fun, right? play around and make a dish your own). no scallions, because...we didn't have any.but dang it if that gloriously anise-y basil didn't get used up! and the tail end of a carton of eggs.oh, right.  he loved it.labels: basil, breakfast, cooking, eggs, food, omelets, thai



posted by stephanie @ 7:00 am
0 thoughts for food






saturday, july 27, 2024



	 
	 inspired - and an announcement!
	 
    
.


cheddar chive biscuit & prosciutto eggs benedict  hey! hi there.it's been awhile, yeah?i've been meaning to drop by, honest.part of my absence can be explained by the oh my god it's been too hot-ness of all it.no, seriously. one night, as the temps were hovering around 100 degrees, i told matt that he was going to dairy queen.he laughed. "no. we are having ice cream. for dinner."friends, that's exactly what we did.gloriously cold & indulgent ice milk belongs on the food pyramid.there's been some other stuff going on (i would like to stop living in 'unprecedented times', thankyouverymuch) and i just haven't felt like writing.but i have stuff! to talk about, so here i am.  sometimes the best way to deal with a block is to just smash through it. a week or so ago, an artist friend (parasocial relationship!) was talking about making a biscuits & gravy-based eggs benedict.  and i could see how it would work?i don't eat it myself - poached eggs make me gag.  but matt likes the dish.  and while they are not the sort of thing you want to eat on, say, even a monthly basis, i love cooking something special for him.so i riffed on their idea: stick with the biscuit, lose the gravy. i used a cheddar biscuit recipe from kaf (and finally had a reason to use the vermont cheese powder i'd bought) and prosciutto. and of course, hollandaise.  so, that worked.  and gave me the push i needed to sit down & type, which is good. because ok, are you sitting down?dispensing happiness is turning 20 next month!i know, right?i'm kind of baffled, & trying to process.  no way has it been two decades.  can't be.but according to the archives, yep.  twenty years. and while this little blog of my is seen by fewer eyeballs these day, i think it deserves to be celebrated.so get ready for some fun call-backs.  sort of a 'greatest hits'.hope to see you there!labels: anniversaries, biscuits, celebrations, cheese, cooking, eggs, eggs benedict, food, hollandaise, proscuitto



posted by stephanie @ 9:41 pm
0 thoughts for food






sunday, june 16, 2024



	 
	 an easy one
	 
    
.


 because it's hell's sauna out there.seared tuna with thai red curry sauceit's hot outside.  and we're without a refrigerator (more on that later). so dinner for matt had to be something easy.earth fare had yellowfin tuna on sale - bingo.alex made some peanut noodles, which paired nicely with this simple dish. i skipped the salad, because we do not have the means to store the ingredients!but hey, he loved it.  and that's what matters.labels: cooking searing, curry, dinner, father's day, food, thai curry sauce, tuna, yellowfin tuna



posted by stephanie @ 10:27 pm
0 thoughts for food






saturday, june 15, 2024



	 
	 i did it again
	 
    
.


fried egg & prosciutto pretzel biscuit breakfast sandwich king arthur has my number, man.kab:"hey, look at this new recipe!" me: "ohmygodgiveittoemnow." seriously. the most recent was a pretzel biscuit, which...yes, please. stupidly easy, and so damn good. they are biscuits, but they taste like pretzel. really. we turned ours into breakfast for dinner, only one of the best things in the world.matt had leftovers with a bit of mustard and prosciutto, and that worked.  and now i wait, pavlov's dog-like, for the next kab treat. labels: baking, biscuits, breakfast, breakfast sandwich, eggs, fried eggs, king arthur baking, pretzels, prosciutto, recipes



posted by stephanie @ 12:40 am
0 thoughts for food






wednesday, june 12, 2024



	 
	 pride before the fail
	 
    
.


pride cinnamon rolls  i knew better.i did. i should have picked a cinnamon roll recipe i'd used before. but this was right here, and promised pretty things!so i ignored the warning voice in my head, and went with these rainbow cinnamon rolls.i mean, there's nothing wrong with it. not really.the dough is...fine. as far as i can tell.but see, it wants you to knead a 1/2 tsp of food color gel into each of six portions, and...nopebecause 1. that's not enough to reach the desired 'color is vibrant, fully incorporated and no longer streaky' stage asked for, and 2. that's working the dough a lot longer than i'm actually comfortable with. to be fair, the final color is gorgeous.  but i can't help but think there was an easier way, one that didn't require so much additional work.they're not the best rolls i've ever made, but they are still cinnamon rolls.  and they are covered in rainbow glitter, which means so am i.  and the table, floors, and miscellaneous items throughout the house. for months to come. happy pride! labels: baking, cinnamon rolls, pastries, pride, pride month, rainbows, recipes



posted by stephanie @ 6:00 am
0 thoughts for food






monday, june 10, 2024



	 
	 i should have waited
	 
    
.


 and made this next week.bruschetta chicken pastabecause next week, the temps are hitting low to mid nineties.  and i will not want to cook.  or eat. or even think about food.but this? this was easy. light.  perfect for those new to cooking, or, in this case, not really wanting to spend a lot (or any!) time over a hot stove.cook chicken, flavored with italian seasoning, as well as s&p. cool. slice.mix small tomatoes with (torn) basil, garlic and olive oil.  that gets tossed with al dente angel hair pasta. top with the chickenthat's it.it's nothing spectacular. but it's summer without the heat and humidity, in a bowl. as for next week, we may be putting ice cream on the menu.labels: angel hair, basil, bruschetta, chicken, cooking, pasta, tomatoes



posted by stephanie @ 11:14 pm
0 thoughts for food















"the warren zevon of food blogs."

--matt


"it's like a dirty magazine for foodies."

--suzette



i'm participating in




oh, just a taste...

follow me on bluesky





















blogs

what else is on the menu?
        a blithe palate
        abby sweets
        aroma cookery
        baking bites
        becks & posh
        bitten
        chopstick cinema
        cook sister!
        culinary in the desert
        cupcake cottage
        eat stuff
        esurientes-the comfort zone
        farmgirl fare
        foodgoat
        food and thoughts
        food porn watch
        getting fat together
        group recipes<
        is my blog burning?
        indian food and andhra recipes
        i was just really very hungry
        jumbo empanadas
        kahakai kitchen
        lex culinaria
        living in the kitchen with puppies
        mahanandi
        my little kitchen
        nami-nami
        one hot stove
        parties that cook!
        seriously good
        she bakes and she cooks
        simply recipes
        slashfood
        spiceblog
        standing here solidly
        stefoodie.net
        sweetnicks
        the delicious life
        the passionate cook
        the sour dough
        thumbelina.pear
        the veg blog
        two foot kitchen
        who wants seconds?
        80 breakfasts


links


asianfoodgrocer.com
        asia foods
        benjamin christie
        cooking.com
        eat here
        epicurious
        entertaining with chocolate
        ethnic grocer
        food ireland
        food network
        the good cook
        ichef
        ingredient substitutions
        jessica's biscuit
        jewish recipes
        klingon recipes
        onlineconversion.com-new!
recipe link
        recipe source
        sur la table
        the shopping place
        slow food ireland
        the slow food movement
        top secret recipes
        vegetarian sites
        whole foods recipes
        world hearth recipe collection

tell me if you think this needs more salt
thehappysorceress at gmail dot com

100 things about me

previous posts

lazy mornings
tea & sympathy
breathing fire
happy national chocolate cupcake day!
making clotted cream - are you cornwall or devon?
eomeote - 20th anniversary edition
wartime wednesdays: 20th anniversary edition - ver...
(mini) blogging by mail - 20th anniversary edition
if sparkles had a scent
wartime wednesdays: 20th anniversary edition - fri...









my 'read' shelf:

bookshelf
maida heatter's book of great cookies-new!
pad parties: the guide to ultra-entertaining-new!
martha stewart's hors d'oeuvres handbook-new!
the ultimate cookie book-new!
the natural foods cookbook
simply natural baby food
the natural health cookbook
vegi-mex: vegetarian mexican recipes
the complete italian vegetarian cookbook
indian vegetarian cookbook
the spice box: an indian vegetarian cookbook
real vegetarian thai
vegetarian sushi made easy
madhur jaffrey's world vegetarian
earthly delights: everyday vegetarian cooking
linda mccartney on tour
the vegetarian meat and potatoes cookbook
simply vegetarian!
vegetarian cooking for children
the now and zen epicure
mollie katzen's sunlight cafe
new recipes from the moosewood collective
moosewood restaurant new classics
moosewood restaurant cooks at home
moosewood restaurant celebrates
the moosewood cookbook
moosewood restaurant daily special
vegetarian times complete cookbook
the ultimate ice cream book
gale gand's just a bite
in the sweet kitchen
maida heatter's book of great desserts
cookies unlimited
irresistable biscuits, cookies and shortbreads
tempting teatime treats
taste of home's cookies for christmas
grandma's christmas cookies
christmas cookies
dessert circus at home
chocolate cake
perfect cakes
the cake mix doctor
country cooking's prize winning pies
the best american recipes 2001-2002
taste of home's make-ahead main dishes
taste of home's salads and side dishes
the joy of cooking
local flavors
how to repair food
good food fast
nigel slater's real food
the nero wolfe cookbook
brunch
the professional chef (cia)
the cia's gourmet meals in minutes
cookwise
the new basics cookbook
sushi made easy
sushi
smoked salmon
chez panisse fruit
sin-free chocolate smoothies
the ultimate liquor-free drink guide
potatoes: from pancakes to pommes frites
irish potato recipes
tom valenti's soups, stews and one-pot meals
fondue
the fondue cookbook
fresh ways with breakfast and brunch
the tassajara bread book
the complete book of breads
beard on bread
gooseberry patch christmas book 5
gooseberry patch christmas book 6
taste of home's holiday & celebrations cookbook 2003
gooseberry patch celebrates the seasons
simply homemade food gifts
finger food: bite-size food for cocktail parties
barefoot contessa parties!
celebrate!
cocktail food: 50 finger foods with attitude
celebrations: a menu cookbook for informal entertaining
taste of home's favorite brand name recipes 2003
taste of home's favorite brand name recipes 2004
even more recipes from the back of boxes, bottles, cans and jars
even more top secret recipes
cooking with fire and smoke
the pampered chef recipes from the heart
chocolate: a book of recipes
fresh ways with appetizers
frightfully fun halloween recipes
cocolat: extraordinary desserts
holiday: 50 recipes from the chicago tribune
festive fare: lite menus for playful days
the pepper garden
a lenten cookbook for orthodox christians
the art of mexican cooking
taste of home's the best of country cooking 2002
twelve months of monastery salads
hershey's 100th anniversary 100 years of hershey's favorites
rick bayless's mexican kitchen
hot sour salty sweet: a culinary journey through southeast asia
chinese appetizers and garnishes
dim sum appetizers and light meals: quick and easy
great taste a guide to chinese cuisine and drink
thousand recipe chinese cookbook
an invitation to indian cooking
feast of india
the cooking of the eastern mediterranean
the essential mediterranean
mediterranean grains and greens
mediterranean the beautiful cookbook
the italian country table
claudia roden's the food of italy
the splendid table
rome at home: the spirit of la cuchina romana in your own kitchen
in a roman kitchen: timeless recipes from the eternal city
essentials of classic italian cooking
made in marseille
the moro cookbook
couscous and other good food from morocco
step by step irish cooking
the irish heritage cookbook
the new irish table
la comida del barrio: latin-american cooking in the u.s.a.
pennsylvania dutch cookbook: fine old recipes
pennsylvania dutch cooking: a mennonite community cookbook
enduring harvest
soul and spice: african cooking in the americas
the best of country cooking 2003
the complete guide to country cooking
at the japanese table
the star trek cookbook
the cook's encyclopedia of vegetarian cooking


archives

- leftovers -
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
december 2010
february 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
november 2012
december 2012
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
july 2013
november 2013
july 2014
august 2014
february 2015
march 2015
july 2015
december 2015
january 2016
april 2016
may 2016
february 2017
april 2017
march 2020
april 2020
may 2020
june 2020
september 2020
january 2021
february 2021
september 2021
november 2022
december 2022
january 2023
february 2023
march 2023
june 2023
august 2023
september 2023
december 2023
march 2024
april 2024
may 2024
june 2024
july 2024
august 2024
september 2024
october 2024
november 2024
december 2024
february 2025





  
cool graphics courtesy of shannanigan






 





 
[ 
 previous 5 sites
|
 skip previous
|
 previous
|
 next
]

 this ringsurf food~n~more ring net ringowned by stephanie.

[
 skip next
|
 next 5 sites
|
 random site
|
 list sites
]

















