













fun outdoor activities & things to do in scotland | visitscotland






































































































































































































































































































































































 


























skip to:  main menu  search  content  footer our websitesvisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatevisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatelanguageen languageenglishespañolitalianodeutschnederlandsfrançaisvisitscotland home places to go all places to gocities all cities  aberdeen  dundee  dunfermline  edinburgh  glasgow  inverness  perth  stirling popular places ben nevis  cairngorms national park  glencoe  loch lomond  loch ness towns all towns  aviemore  dumfries  fort william  kirkwall  lerwick  oban  peebles  pitlochry  st andrews islands all islands  isle of arran  isle of islay  jura  lewis & harris  mull  orkney  outer hebrides  shetland  skye regions aberdeen & aberdeenshire  argyll & the isles  ayrshire & arran  dumfries & galloway  dundee & angus  edinburgh & the lothians  fife  glasgow & clyde valley  loch lomond, trossachs, stirling & forth valley  highlands  perthshire  scottish borders toggle menu things to do all things to doattractions all attractions  ancestry  scottish arts & culture  castles  free attractions  history & heritage  museums & galleries  rainy days  top 20 attractions  tv & film locations outdoor activities all outdoor activities  cycling  fishing  golf  horse riding  mountain biking  sailing  ski & snowsports  walking & hiking  watersports food & drink all food & drink  beer & breweries  gin tours & tastings  whisky & distilleries landscapes & nature all landscapes & nature  beaches  ben nevis  15 beautiful lochs in scotland  national parks  the northern lights in scotland  standing stones  wildlife watching tours, routes & trails all tours, routes & trails  islands & island hopping  itineraries  scotland's unesco trail  tours  walking trails events all events  edinburgh's summer festivals  highland games  music festivals toggle menu accommodation all accommodationhotels & lodgings b&bs & guesthouses  budget hotels  hostels  hotels  luxury hotels  restaurants with rooms & inns caravan & camping all caravan & camping  campervan, motorhome & caravan holidays  glamping  wild camping self catering all self catering  cabins & lodges  cottages  flats & apartments  hot tubs  large groups unique places all unique places  boats, barges & boathouses  brochs & blackhouses  castles  churches other accommodation accessible accommodation  eco accommodation  exclusive use venues  luxury accommodation  magical places to stay  pet friendly accommodation  romantic  wedding venues toggle menu travel & planning all travel & planningtravel to scotland from england & wales  from europe  from ireland  from north america  from other continents travel in scotland air  bus & coach  ferry  train driving in scotland all driving in scotland  car hire  driving routes  electric vehicles when to visit all when to visit  spring & easter  summer breaks  autumn breaks  winter, christmas & new year practical information eco-travel  faqs  holiday carbon calculator  passes & offers  passports & visas  weather ideas & advice travel blog  travel newsletter  icentre visitor information holiday types accessible holidays  beauty spots  budget-friendly holidays  countryside breaks  family holidays  farm stays  off the beaten track holidays  solo travel  weekend breaks  wellness retreats toggle menusearchtoggle menuwhat are you looking for?searchclose search formtoggle caption information three people in wetsuits run towards a scottish loch.  © visitscotland / luigi di pasquale homethings to dooutdoor activitiesshare fun outdoor activities in scotland the possibilities for getting active in scotland’s great outdoors are endless. discover fun things to do in scotland, including world-class watersports, incredible walking and unforgettable cycling. outdoor adventures, fun days out, family activities - you'll find it all here!popular activities in scotlandtry our most iconic activities - long walks up mountains, mountain biking down hills and cycling through forests. walking in scotland walking in scotland means mighty mountains to conquer and plenty of forest paths, coastal walks, and city routes to wander.  your ultimate guide to cycling in scotlandplanning a cycling trip? here's your ultimate guide to cycling in scotland, with cycle routes, tours, bike parks and more! mountain biking in scotlandtest your skills in one of the best mountain biking locations in the world. scottish golf & the best golf courses in scotlandlearn more about scottish golf, including some of the best golf clubs and courses in scotland now. scottish munros - hill & munro bagginghow tall are munros? how do you go about climbing one? it's time to find out about scotland's munro mountains and the sport of munro-bagging!try something newtoggle caption information hot air ballooning unusual activitiesas well as our most popular activities, scotland is home to unusual and exciting things to do that will add an extra special element to your trip. hot air ballooning  microlight scotland  paragliding  stunning wild swimming locations in scotland  lost shore surf resort  footgolf in scotland toggle caption information surfing lesson with george watt surf school at fraserburgh beach  © discover fraserburgh / damian shields watersportsmake a splash on your holiday with a range of thrilling watersports that you can enjoy with the family. canoeing & kayaking holidays in scotland  stand-up paddleboarding in scotland  canyoning, gorge walking and coasteering  surfing & windsurfing in scotland  white water rafting in scotland  sailing in scotland  explore all watersports toggle caption information instructor at glenmore lodge ice climbing  © edsmith snowsportshit the slopes during scotland's winter months to learn new skills, enjoy a family break, and soak in the magnificent panoramic views that surround you. snowboarding & skiing in scotland  winter climbing family-friendly activitieswe've got some great ideas for an active day out with the kids, suitable for all different ages.7dayscar 7 days in the highlands for kidscheck out our 7-day itinerary for families in the highlands and plan a break that the kids will remember! 14 scenic short walks for familiesfamily walking trips are a great way to embrace the great scottish outdoors. explore more family-friendly things to do toggle caption information the killiecrankie zip park, killiecrankie  © visitscotland / kenny lam adventure activitiesif you need that little extra bit of adrenaline in your scottish outdoor adventure, look no further! archery  highland fling bungee & zip park  go ape  zip lining  basking shark scotland night snorkelling  see all adventure activities bucket list experience in the highlandstoggle caption information elena from visitscotland at the highland fling bungee jump, killiecrankie  © visitscotland / kenny lam elena from visitscotland recently went on a bungee jumping experience in the heart of perthshire with highland fling bungee."bungee jumping is definitely not for the faint hearted, however i've never thought i could have such a thrilling experience in the beauty of the scottish highlands. i think the autumn season is the best time to spend some time outdoors while experiencing the stunning changing colours of nature in scotland."so, is bungee jumping worth a try? elena thinks so!"definitely recommended for the adrenaline lovers and for the ones looking to tick off something their bucket list!"find more bucket list activitiestoggle caption information islay sea adventures  © wild scotland / stephen sweeney other ways to enjoy the outdoorsnot sure what activity to try? check out these guides for other ideas on making the most of scotland's great outdoors. 13 iconic scottish views  scottish wildlife - animals & attractions in scotland  13 scenic boat trips in scotland  explore scotland's landscapes explore scotland safelymake sure you read up on our safety advice and remember to follow the scottish outdoor access code.toggle caption information a kayaker enjoying the river findhorn. as the weather gets drier, the risk of wildfire in scotland increases. fire can ignite easily, spread fast and burn with high intensity. we're all asked not to light a fire outdoors during prolonged dry periods, and to always fully extinguish cigarettes. a guide to outdoor safety in scotland  scottish outdoor access code  heading to the scottish hills - #thinkwinter!  wildfire prevention share onfacebookpinterestwhatsapptwitteremail find experiences  search a wide range of accommodation, events, food & drink options and things to do from indoor and outdoor attractions to activities, tours and more. javascript needs to be enabled to see this product search form. you can turn this on in your browser settings. other things you might like category: places to go scotland's national parks and natural heritage sites category: things to do 11 of the best beaches in scotland category: things to do tourist attractions in scotland category: things to do 13 ideas for fun family days out in scotland category: things to do 12 peaceful waterfall walks in scotland category: things to do fishing in scotland category: things to do rugby in scotland next join our newsletter clan  get scotland inspiration direct to your inbox. don't miss the inside track from our scotland experts on exciting trip ideas, unique attractions and hidden gems loved by locals.  get the scotland newsletter visitor informationvisitor informationvisitor information centresget in touchget in touchcontact usfeedback & complaintsget a free business listingsubmit an eventour other sitesour other sitesbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatescotland is now find us on  find us on about usaccessibilityacceptable usecookiesenvironmental policyprivacysocial mediaterms of usebrand scotland © 2025  visitscotland. all rights reserved. 



































































































































































































































