





alkermes – a global biopharmaceutical company





































about us


discover alkermes


our values


leadership


diversity, inclusion & belonging


awards and recognition


collaborations


locations




medicines & focus


our focus


disease areas


innovative medicines


third-party medicines




research & development


pipeline


technologies & capabilities


research & medical grants


clinical trials


early access




responsibility


corporate responsibility


patient engagement & advocacy


alkermes inspiration grants®


corporate giving


corporate responsibility reports


public policy


suppliers




investors


press releases


investor events / presentations


sec filings


annual reports


corporate governance


stock information


investor resources


email alerts




news & events


press releases


our stories


media resources


statements


contact us




careers


working here


our culture


benefits


join our team















 

 








great sciencedeep compassionreal impactleveraging our long-standing neuroscienceexpertise to develop medicines thatmake a difference.discover alkermes







featured news



february 12, 2025

alkermes plc reports financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended dec. 31, 2024 and provides financial expectations for 2025
                    
read more




february 05, 2025

alkermes to report fourth quarter and year-end financial results on feb. 12, 2025
                    
read more




january 02, 2025

alkermes to present at the 43rd annual j.p. morgan healthcare conference
                    
read more

see all press releases







responsible growthour most recent corporate responsibility report, highlighting activities that took place in 2023, showcases alkermes' commitment to acting as a responsible corporate citizen across a range of policies, programs and practices.view our latest report




culture of excellenceour employees' dedication to patients and our communities is foundational to our culture. hear how our team members contribute to building an organization dedicated to creating real impact.watch the video




notable recognitionwe are honored to be recognized as an employer of choice in the life sciences industry. visit our awards & recognition page to see the latest accolades bestowed on alkermes, based on the results of a third-party survey shared with our u.s.-based employees.visit our awards & recognition page









r&d pipeline we apply our deep neuroscience expertise to develop medicines designed to help people living with complex and difficult-to-treat psychiatric and neurological disorders. we are currently focused on developing these investigational candidates.click to view our interactive pipeline








discovery
preclinical
phase 1
phase 2
phase 3





olanzapine and samidorphan



schizophrenia and bipolar i disorder (pediatric)




phase 3




overview
olanzapine and samidorphan is a once-daily, oral atypical antipsychotic drug approved for adults in the u.s.
clinical trials
olanzapine and samidorphan is currently being evaluated for pediatric use in a phase 3 study. for more information about this study, please visit enlightenyouthstudy.com (u.s. audiences only) or clinicaltrials.gov/study/nct05303064.





alks 2680



narcolepsy type 1




phase 2



narcolepsy type 2




phase 2



idiopathic hypersomnia




phase 1




overview
alks 2680 is an investigational, oral orexin 2 receptor agonist in development as a once-daily treatment for narcolepsy type 1, narcolepsy type 2 and idiopathic hypersomnia.

clinical trials
alks 2680 is currently being evaluated in vibrance-1, a phase 2 study in adults with narcolepsy type 1, and vibrance-2, a phase 2 study in adults with narcolepsy type 2.

for more information about these studies, please visit vibrancestudies.com (for u.s. audiences only) or the respective clinicaltrials.gov listings:

vibrance-1: clinicaltrials.gov/study/nct06358950
vibrance-2: clinicaltrials.gov/study/nct06555783







alks 4510



neuroscience indications




preclinical




overview
alks 4510 is an investigational orexin 2 receptor agonist being evaluated preclinically for the treatment of central nervous system disorders.






alks 7290



neuroscience indications




preclinical




overview
alks 7290 is an investigational orexin 2 receptor agonist being evaluated preclinically for the treatment of central nervous system disorders.









these programs are investigating treatments or indications that have not received approval from a health authority. the information presented is not intended to convey conclusions of safety or efficacy. there is no guarantee that the outcome of these studies will result in approval by a health authority. last updated: january 2025











careers  we dare for progress every day. we take pride in our unique and compassionate spirit.our shared mission to make a real impact for others drives our purpose.with collaboration at our core, we believe that anything is possible.working at alkermes






neurological and psychiatric disorders strike people at the core of who they are and impact many facets of their lives. we are driven to help advance innovation in hopes of providing additional treatment options for people living with complex and often difficult-to-treat diseases.
















contact us


terms of use


privacy policy


sitemap























                            © 2025 alkermes. all rights reserved.
                        









close 


you are now leaving alkermes.com.
alkermes assumes no responsibility for information or statements on external websites.



agree
go back












