



lakes corvette club








































home
newsletter
events
membership
gallery
sponsors
activities
contact us





lite ’em up!



lakes corvette club  was founded in 1988 by five individuals.  early meetings were very informal and held in the driveway of one of the members.
since 1988 the club has grown considerably both in members’ and social responsibility.  no matter what your interest we have an activity you will enjoy.
				   we support other clubs by participating in their car shows and cruises.  we care about our community and make contributions to local charities.
lakes corvette club  hosts a number of events starting in the spring and ending in the fall.  working as a group is fun and rewarding and there is always a bite to eat,
				    or some ice cream, afterward to sit and enjoy each other’s company.

our members own a number of beautiful corvettes ranging from ncrs, to fully modified cars, small blocks to big blocks, as well as, a number of anniversary and pace car models.
				   we love to show them off or take them for a drive for the day.
today, lakes corvette club  continues to grow.  come join us and share the passion we have for these beautiful automobiles. we currently meet at marco's banquet facility. 115 s elmwood rd, 2nd floor, mlarton. on the first and third monday of the month.





list of events
events schedule 2025
january 2025 - election of club officers
tbd - 7th annual elkins chevrolet all gm car show
august 21st-23rd, 2025 - corvettes at carlisle
tbd - “heroes of burlington” car show
december  2025 - holiday dinner

full event list


members cabin



club meetings are held on the 1st & 3rd mondays of every month, with the exception of january and february, when only one meeting takes place on the first monday of those months.
join us for dinner first at 6:30 pm, then the meeting	will follow at 7:30. see the contact us page for directions.
our mailing address is:
lakes corvette clubpo box 2104 medford lakes, nj 08055







home  |
		officers  |
		events  |
		membership  |
		gallery  |
		sponsors  |
		activities   |
		newsletter   |
		directions   |
   		links   |
		contact us
lakes corvette club, inc. 2025





