

mark berger - websites, films & photography


















































































































 


 

  



 certified bitcoin professional
the future of sound money.
as a certified bitcoin professional (cbp), i am now able to help businesses and individuals navigate the exciting and revolutionary world of bitcoin!

bitcoin is the world's first decentralized, digital store of value.
bitcoin has been running since 2009 with 99.99% uptime and zero security breaches, or "hacks".
bitcoin is censorship resistant. it cannot be stopped by any government, military or judicial body on earth.
bitcoin has a fixed, finite supply. there will never be more than 21 million bitcoins in the history of the world. this feature is hard coded into the bitcoin protocol.
bitcoin makes everyone their own bank which carries with it great power and great responsibility.
transactions are fast and cheap. $1 million can be sent safely anywhere in the world for less than $1 and in less than 30 minutes.
no paperwork or identification is required to buy bitcoin. any person, of any age, any race, any religion or any nation can use bitcoin.
bitcoin is extremely secure, backed by hundreds of thousands of computers around the world, performing trillions of calculations per second. it is by far the most powerful computer network in the world.

 buy bitcoin with us dollars at swan bitcoin.
buy bitcoin with canadian dollars at coinberry.
buy bitcoin with euros, british pounds, australian dollars or swiss francs at bitstamp.




 



 


secrets of heaven
each page of this book contains a secret from the angelic presence that oversees this world. each secret offers a precious opportunity to open the doors of your perception and awareness. now you can begin to see as heaven sees. now you are looking through the eyes of heaven to see and experience yourself, others and the world as never before.
heaven asks you to receive its secrets. the angels of heaven seek to share their secrets with you. through this book, these secrets are given to you now. may secrets of heaven be a doorway to a new life for you.
  put away the burdens of your worldly mind and listen with your heart. it is time to enter the mystery.




 
steps to knowledge
the steps are a series of 365 guided meditations designed to take you closer to god and what god wants you to do in your life. its one-year study plan, which is divided into 365 "steps," or lessons, is designed to enable us to learn to experience and to apply our spiritual power in the world. 
it has been the most amazing journey to study steps to knowledge. 
if you are honest, patient and persevering in studying the steps, i guarantee that your life will change. 
 







 



 


join the mouth revolution! 
mouths around the world are revolting against the junk that is getting put into them: gmo's, trans fats, pesticides and artificial ingredients. see the hilarious spoof that touts the benefits of eating real food, organic food.
watch the mouth revolution! 






 


 




the allies of humanity - book #3
humanity is in the early stages of a great leap forward in consciousness where we come to understand that we are not alone in the universe. the fact is dawning on us that we are far from alone in our galaxy, and especially far from alone in the universe. 
this change in perspective is like the copernican revolution of the 16th century where we realized that the sun does not revolve around the earth - quite the opposite. but now, what? 
there is a lot of woo-woo talk on the internet about "ascended masters", "star brothers and sisters" and "the galactic federation of light", if you have noticed. the general idea is that we will soon meet benevolent, intelligent life forms who are coming to help us evolve, guide us forward out of war and love us as family. it's an appealing story, for sure. 
but our earth history teaches us of another familiar story when technologically advanced foreign powers meet a weak and divided native community that has been isolated for centuries (see the film "apocalypto"). while the native peoples are fighting amongst themselves, the foreign powers come looking to advance their own agenda: acquire resources, claim new land and subjugate the native peoples as useful tools. the european conquest of the americas is just one prominent example of this sad story. 
the allies of humanity are here to warn us of our weak stance in the face of a complex, sophisticated foreign intervention that has been in operation for years on earth to take advantage of a weak and divided humanity. i urge everyone to become aware of this imminent threat to our sovereignty, freedom and culture on earth.
read the allies of humanity, book #3 for free:

pdf version
kindle version





 



milo berger 
 


milo turns nine!
see photos of the milo-man!





                     

if you really must...follow me.
i am a web 1.0 kind of guy, if you hadn't noticed from this circa 2001 web site. i am somewhat active in the space.

join me in the web-o-sphere at your own peril:



                     








updated 11/04/21













home


dark 
                room


movie 
                theater


family 
                room


game 
                room


office



 













              ©mark berger, 







