



old town sidewalk astronomers |

















 next sidewalk astronomy
depending on wx & availability
feb 8, mar 8, apr 5 2025
2025 is our 21st year!

 







old town

                      sidewalk

astronomers



 
 





bringing astronomy to the sidewalk in monrovia, ca

visitors to old town pasadena enjoy views of the first-quarter moon through jane's 12.5-inch reflector telescope.20 years in monrovia 2004-2024!
being a sidewalk astronomer isn't really about “joining” anything — it‘s about embracing a philosophy and acting on it.
ask john dobson how he became interested in astronomy, and he‘ll answer, “i was born!” people have a natural fascination with the sun, moon, planets, and stars, but to most it‘s something they read about in a magazine or see on television.
we stop people on sidewalks and let them see the craters of the moon, the moons of jupiter, the rings of saturn, or the spots on the sun. for just a moment, they have a personal connection with the universe around them, and sometimes life seems a little better after that.
we call it “urban guerilla astronomy.”
 
 


what's up from jplupcoming events
upcoming sidewalk astronomy supported events (weather permitting) are listed on the top of the site and via event emails.
spring and fall mojave national preserve dark star parties, hosted by the preserve and open to the public have been on hiatus or cancelled or limited in attendance since 2020. our first twice-a-year mnp star party was in 2008, and we hope to continue the tradition in 2025.  our in-town monrovia sidewalk astronomy events are weather and astronomer availability permitting. we update this website, and communicate via event emails to our mailing list and facebook page here https://www.facebook.com/otastro
many of our sidewalk events are planned only a few hours in advance. we will send a notice to our events email list on an afternoon when we plan to be observing, or plan to cancel. join our email list using the link to the left, or look in the event box top of page.
we typically set up telescopes in monrovia at myrtle and lime on first quarter moon saturday evenings. for us to set up telescopes, the sky needs to be clear, there needs to be something to see (moon, jupiter, or saturn, etc.), and at least a couple astronomers need to be available that evening.
weather is always a factor. our telescopes, big as they are, can not see through clouds. on an evening when we plan to be out observing, we will generally give it a try if there is a better than even chance that we'll get to view the moon or planets. occasionally a thin layer of haze will make the sky appear overcast, but the moon will still show through. there is never any charge to look through our telescopes.

 


what's up for 
november 2024
this month, catch planetary views of saturn, jupiter, and mars, witness a close pass of the parker solar probe by venus, and get ready for an occultation of the bright star spica by the moon.

what's up for december 2018 december brings the geminids, a comet and a fond farewell. 
this was jane's final episode of "what's up," which she wrote and hosted april 2007 through december 2018. "what's up" is nasa's longest running web video series. it had its first episode in april 2007 with original host jane houston jones. today, preston dyches, christopher harris, and lisa poje are the science communicators and space enthusiasts who produce this monthly video series at nasa's jet propulsion laboratory. additional astronomy subject matter guidance is provided by jpl's bill dunford, lyle tavernier, and the night sky network's kat troche. the what's up team celebrates the memory of gary spiers, who provided astronomy observing guidance for the series for many years. and i thank them all profoundly for continuing to write and produce what's up. jane 
 

 


observing under a clear dark sky at amboy, cadark sky star parties
the sidewalk astronomers have a grand tradition of setting up telescopes in national parks throughout the year.  for many urban dwellers, an excursion to a national park is the only opportunity to see the milky way for themselves.  a sky full of stars can be staggering to someone who lives under the l.a. light dome.
we love to get away from the city lights, and love to invite park visitors to spend a little quality night time under a star-filled sky with our telescopes.  jane and i love to set up our big telescopes in mojave national preserve, joshua tree np, bryce canyon np, grand canyon np (north and south rims), and glacier point in yosemite national park.
our last mojave national preserve star party was may 12, 2018.  the subsequent star parties have been cancelled. we are working with the park staff, and when it is safe to resume our annual event we'll let you know.  until we are cleared to hold public events in the park again. for a taste of what it's like at a dark sky star party, this npca video will give you a sample.
there are other dark sky star parties open to the public your sidewalk astronomers often support. for a taste of what it's like at a dark sky star party, this yosemite nature notes video was filmed during three glacier point star parties sidewalk astronomers jane, mojo and gary attended as members of the san jose astronomical association. there are different astronomy clubs presenting free star parties at glacier point each weekend from july 4 through labor day (full moon weekends excepting), so if you are planning a summer yosemite trip save a weekend night for glacier point - any public events will be listed in the yosemite event newsletter you receive when entering the park.

 
 

feature articles






        "take two" on kpcc features sidewalk astronomers        

"mojave desert star parties unite space lovers together under the stars" story by caitlin esch, features great quotes from jane and mojo at the mojave national preserve dark sky party.


        spring dark sky star party featured in the la canada valley sun        

our spring 2013 dark sky party at mojave national preserve attracted record attendance and spawned this great article in the la canada valley sun by tiffany kelly


        yosemite nature notes - night skies        

gorgeous video featuring jaw-dropping time-lapse photography of the night sky from yosemite national park. jane and mojo from the sidewalk astronomers are featured prominently.


        photos from international observe the moon night, oct. 8, 2011        

stephen coleman joined us to observe the moon on international observe the moon night and captured some great natural-light images of astronomers and accidental astronomers.


        nasa video on star parties for iya 2009        

this three-minute nasa video produced for the international year of astronomy 2009 features astronomers from the old town sidewalk astronomers at our observing site in monrovia.


        photos from international sidewalk astronomy day        

a short album of photos from myrtle and lime in monrovia, may 19, 2007


        our sidewalk flier — in pdf format        

this is the flier we have at our telescopes for visitors.


        building a dobsonian telescope        

complete plans from ray cash and the san francisco sidewalk astronomers

more feature articles...



 
 

jane houston jones and morris "mojo" jones

jane houston jones and morris "mojo" jones at the glacier point star party in yosemite national park.meet our fellow astronomers here
jane and mojo have been setting up telescopes on sidewalks ranging from hawaii to florida since 1990. as amateur astronomers, they've participated in meteor observing missions for nasa, and appeared on national tv and radio programs.
jane and mojo kept the sidewalk astronomers active in san francisco, the birthplace of the worldwide sidewalk astronomers, until relocating to southern california in late 2003. they immediately saw the potential of myrtle avenue in monrovia as the perfect location for sidewalk astronomy, and bought a home there in january 2004.
among their list of awards and accomplishments, minor planet 1992le was designated 22338 janemojo in their honor.
jane works for the nasa jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena managing public outreach and informal education for the cassini-huygens mission to saturn and titan.
mojo is a software engineer at fox audience network, and operates his own internet server for friends and family as a hobby.
 
 

telescopes for schools and educational functions

drop us an email if you would like to have the old town astronomers bring telescopes to your school or civic event.  contact us first to discuss dates that are best for informal astronomy in the city rather than contacting us with a date already selected. lately we've had to pass on nights with no objects visible on an already chosen night.  as a guideline, dates near the first-quarter moon are the best early-evening astronomy.  don't forget to consider the time for sunset!

 
 



 


links of interest

join our mailing list
facebook
list archive
email for information
 
 

links and resources

sidewalk feature articles
sidewalk astronomers home
astronomy clubs in southern california
cassini saturn observation campaign
la astronomical society
litebox telescopes
mojo's blog
jane's blog
 
 

clear sky forecasts

downtown monrovia
old town pasadena
desert center
 
 
 
 

copyright © 2010 morris jones and jane houston jonesall rights reserved
 
 


