






home





































 visit bcoa








homeabout basenjisis a basenji right for me?screen breedersowners guidebasenji historybasenji healthbreeder directoryrescue informationbasenji funabout bcoajoin bcoapublicationsupcoming eventsprogramsaffiliated clubsjudges educationhealth endowmentbasenji ubasenji ownersbasenji activitiesbasenji breedersbasenji judgesmembersofficers & committeesnative stock committeedocuments & archiveslegislative alertsnews archivemembers renewal infomember loginshopbooks, cd's & illustrated standardroster advertisingbreeder directorycontacts








































welcome to the basenji club of america
the place to learn about basenjis with information presented by their biggest fans!
the goal of this website is to offer information about basenjis for the general public.  the second function is to offer a place where basenji fanciers from across the country, and indeed across the world can be updated on what the basenji club of america is up to in its endeavors to assist the breed and its fanciers.






about basenjis
the link to about basenjis has information about their personalities, how they are to live with and where you can find breeders who are bcoa members.  there is information on basenji history and health. there links for finding someone in your state to help find or place a rescue.  also find some fun things to try with basenjis.




 about bcoa
the objective of bcoa is to promote and protect basenjis as well as to encourage participation in the breed.  this link has information on joining bcoa, contacting affiliated clubs and club programs and publications.  judges education and breed mentors can also be found here.




basenji university
the basenji university offers information that will be helpful for potential owners, owners, breeders and judges.




members
here you will find information about club business and how to contact club volunteers.  additionally there are tremendous resources in our archives.




shop
we have some nice things available at our online shop so take a look.  there is something for everyone here.  specialty videos and bulletin advertising can be paid via paypal.




contacts
the contacts link will take you to contact information for club volunteers as well as other related links that you might find of interest.  there are two akc feeds with health information.








2025 national specialty
10-14 novemberkino sports complex, tucson, arizona
watch facebook for updates







click to find a breeder



latest news 


attention currentbcoa membersmembership renewal
membership renewal for 2025 is now live. the members renewal info option is located in the members section of the main menu. 
if you need a little extra help, instructions can be found here: renewal directions. 
if you wish to be listed on the website’s breeder referral page, payments may be made online at the shop but don’t forget to send your form to the treasurer!
payment for roster advertisements must likewise be done at our shop, with ad copy being due to the editor no later than february 15th.
go to join bcoa for new member applications.


site upgrade
during the last couple of weeks there has been major work on the functionality of our website.  as you look at the site, please let us know of any errors you may find at this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.. members having login issues, contact this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.


notice re ballot
the bcoa ballot to membership regarding the imported native stock is being resent due to problems with the first and second mailings.  the new ballot will be printed on a different color paper.  everyone must vote again to be counted.







to see more news latest news archive





search search






we have 508 guests and no members online








copyright the basenji club of america 2024 with all rights reserved.               questions or comments? contact the webmaster.            





