





	merced real estate atwater homes for sale merced foreclosures merced california, ca
















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






























skip to main content

















contact 







first name:*










last name:*











email:*











phone number:











comments:*














                              
                        














 









 saved properties | 
             saved searches | 
             sign in | 
        


 saved properties | 
         saved searches | 
         my account | 
         sign out





sign in

            this page or feature requires that you login.  if you do not have a login, click here to register for free.
        


e-mail: 



password: 




i forgot my password






not yet registered? create an account.





forgot password
enter the e-mail address you signed up with and we'll send your password to you.


e-mail: 








not yet registered? create an account.





create an account

            this page or feature requires that you have a registered account.
        



first name:*
last name:*






your e-mail address: *





choose password:*
confirm password:*

























already have an account? sign in.














toggle navigation









home


search


residential


commercial


property management


about us


publications
                                

articles



contact











































































































buy


sell


rent






location:



















find a home
featured properties













mobile search?

                there is a mobile property search version available.  would you like to redirect? 
                (not all content is available on the mobile site).














sell your home

what's your home worth?
this isn't an "estimate" based on a formula a computer engineer wrote. it's a true valuation based on your unique home, it's characteristics and features, by a real agent who knows your neighborhood and area. the right information makes all the difference!
get started













customize your home search
get new listing updates
from anywhere, anytime
save your searches for a personalized home search experience, have new listings emailed to you based on your search criteria, view additional property photos and details, and save properties to your portfolio to share, review and compare! registration is fast and the service is always free!

sign-up free!











meet our team
find a local agent
our local real estate experts are ready to assist you with buying or selling a home. we know the area, the homes, the schools, the communities and look forward to helping you reach your goals!

get started






















sell your home with confidence
marketing & sales
trust the marketing and sale of your home to a local real estate expert. we know the neighborhoods, the communities and the specific market trends in our area.
learn more









careers with us

apply to join our team!
tinetti realty group is a recognized leader in the merced ca real estate market, both for our superior service to clients and for the heavy investment we make in the professionalism and entrepreneurial success of our sales associates. are you interested in joining our team? let's talk!
start now!

















1



popular real estate searches




merced ca homes for sale  
merced ca commercial properties  
merced ca properties for rent  








2



tinetti realty group



2930 g street 
merced, ca 95340
monday - friday 8:00a - 5:00p
saturday & sunday by appointment only

dre# 00475070




(209) 384-3885




















tinetti realty group 2930 g street, merced, ca 95340, p: 209-384-3885

 

built and powered by salecore











ok
mercedrealestate.com learn more about our cookie policy or privacy policy.



