
















home | hydrology and atmospheric sciences
















      skip to main content
    

















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


calendar


weather data


alumni resources






 



apply


give











 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

about us
history
vision and mission
initiatives and priorities
diversity, equity, & inclusion
has advisory board
has student association
support the department



program

undergraduate
graduate
scholarships and financial support
careers
professional development
vip azstreamcat
vip climate smart optimization tool for sustainable agriculture
vip integrated climate research: ecology, water, weather
vip water whys
assessment



people

faculty
staff
students
has advisory board members
committees
designated campus colleagues (dcc)
all directory



research

resources for research
vips: vertically integrated projects
research groups
focus areas



news


events

calendar
seminars
seminars by semester
has room reservations
college of science graduation ceremony
uarizona commencement
graduate college deadlines
registrar deadlines



contact


el dia

el dia del agua y la atmosfera
el dia 2025 details



employee resources























home










 







    
  hydrology and atmospheric sciences

  
our missionto lead the world in integrated and quantitative hydrologic and atmospheric sciences and to develop the knowledge needed to solve the water, hydrogeologic, weather, and climate related problems in the world. connect with us on facebook







 
explore education and research


 





undergraduate

courses, programs, research, and careers








graduate

courses, programs, research, and careers








research



focus areas, projects, and publications









 
latest has news


 













image
 





highlights of ali behrangi's role in ua-led snow4flow $30 million project funded by nasa


tuesday



    read more
  














image
 





congratulations to chandler noyes, has alumnus, on publication of research in ngwa's groundwater journal


jan. 24, 2025



    read more
  














image
 





laura condon's national groundwater flow modeling research published in nature water


jan. 24, 2025



    read more
  










read all news







 
upcoming events


 













image
 






1 – 2 p.m., today



update! hassa brown bag lunch series spring 2025














image
 






9:30 – 10:30 a.m., feb. 19, 2025



monthly coffee and donuts














image
 






noon – 12:50 p.m., feb. 19, 2025



talk by fuhar dixit, university of california berkeley, exploring novel methods of solving the world’s remediation problems










view all events on the calendar







 
request informationget your questions answered
















 
two distinguished departments join forceswe've evolved! two very distinguished departments at the university of arizona have dissolved their disciplinary boundaries to develop new and bold strategies to characterize, monitor, and model the hydrosphere. our new vision is to lead the world in integrated and quantitative hydrologic and atmospheric sciences and to develop the knowledge needed to solve earth's water, hydrogeologic, weather, and climate related problems. new collaborative opportunities in teaching and research will engage the entire community, from undergraduate students through senior faculty.  going forward in the 21st century, we embrace the need for both regional and global perspectives in climate change, water resources, and other environmental issues that affect society. we're looking for motivated students to help us pursue these goals.  one thing is for certain:  we’re better together. learn about hasgive to has








in memoriamthomas meixner in memoriam - this page is dedicated to the life of our dear friend and colleague, tom meixner.office of public safety wildcat safety guide  -  safety & wellness resourcesfor information on current campus incidents,  please visit the campus incident page.support and counseling services are available to anyone in need. if you need help, please reach out to these resources: counseling & psych services, on-demand mental health support for students, caps.arizona.edu, 520-621-3334 employee assistance counseling, available 24/7 to all university of arizona employees, their dependents and members of their households, 877-327-2362 (tty: 800-697-0353)life & work connections, resources, tools and education for faculty and staff, lifework.arizona.edu, 520-621-2493




































 
website login | has forms






footer - main


employment


emergency information


title ix / non-discrimination


campus safety


annual security report


copyright


campus accessibility


contact us


feedback
















information for


future students


current students


faculty & staff


alumni & donors


parents & visitors


corporations & businesses




topics


about the university


academics


arts & museums


athletics & recreation


campus store


colleges, schools, departments


diversity


environment & sustainability


international engagement


health & medical


libraries


research & innovation


purpose, mission & values




resources


directory


calendars


campus map


news


phonebook


weather




connect


facebook


x, formerly twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














