












dream green homes index












.


styles

conventional

description
contemporary
traditional


rounded

description
domes
curved
faceted
vaults


earth sheltered

description
earthships
living roofs
earth bermed


organic


materials

earth

description
adobe
rammed earth
cob
earthbags


wood

description
cordwood
log
timber frame
stick frame


straw
bamboo
stone
manufactured

description
aac
icf's
sip's
shotcrete
steel


lightweight concrete

description
pumicecrete
papercrete
other




functions

residential
studio
greenhouse
garage
cold storage


store

purchase
modifications
codes
warranty
disclaimer


about us

webmaster
designer profiles
contact
site map


home 


.
dreaming 
      about a green home?
have you been dreaming about that perfect green home that is welcoming, cozy, 
        and provides for all of your housing needs, while also allowing you to live 
        lightly on our earth? dreamgreenhomes.com can help you discover a home plan that matches your needs and aesthetics, in 
        a way that will conserve energy and resources.
ecological 
      designs 
each design shown here has been chosen because it embodies some significant 
        aspect of sustainable architecture. the designs offered for sale  use natural 
        materials, passive or active solar concepts for heating and cooling, attached 
        solar greenhouses, naturally cooled pantries, or other aspects that contribute 
        to a greener lifestyle. all of the architects and designers represented here 
        are committed to providing  house plans that will help you bring your dream into reality! 
how 
      to find the right plan for you
there are many ways to find the plans that most closely match your interests. within each of these categories there may be other subcategories 
    to help you narrow your search.
styles  are sorted into these broad 
      categories: 


materials employed include: 


functions presented include:


profiles 
      of architects and designers
to find out more about the architects and designers featured here, please see 
        their profiles. all of the plans that 
        each particular architect or designer has available here are listed along with 
        their profile.
buying 
      and altering plans
once you have found a plan that interests you, it can be purchased 
        through the links at the bottom of each specific plan. if you find a plan that 
        seems nearly right, but needs some tweaking to make it perfect, some of the 
        architects and designers featured here are quite willing to customize their 
        plans to suit your needs. once you purchase the generic set of plans presented 
        here, you can communicate directly with the person who designed them for fine 
        tuning. the cost of such subsequent modification varies according to the fee 
        schedule of the particular designer, and is a matter of negotiation between 
        you and him or her. dreamgreenhomes.com is not involved in after-sale modifications.
 each of the various architects or designers afilliated with dreamgreenhomes.com offers a different level of detail on the sets of plans for sale. most of the plans should be adequate to submit to building departments, but of course these requirements are different for each locality, so we can't guarantee that everything will be acceptable. for instance, in some cases, local authorities require the stamp of a local architect or engineer, so this might be something that you would have to follow through on. some of the plans have plumbing and electrical diagrams, and some don't. all of the plans show enough detail to build from. see our warranty and disclaimer for more information.
about 
      dream green homes
dreamgreenhomes.com is a companion website 
        of www.greenhomebuilding.com; 
        kelly hart is the host of both of these sites. more information about kelly 
        and his wife, rosana, can be found in about 
          us. to communicate directly with kelly, go to contact. click this link to view our privacy policy.
more information about sustainable architecture
for a  thorough discussion of all aspects of sustainable architecture and natrual building and why it is important to consider these options, please go to www.greenhomebuilding.com. for specific information about earthbag building see www.earthbagbuilding.com. read our blog at www.naturalbuildingblog.com.


.















see your ad 
      in this space!
click here 
      for more information

.





disclaimer 
        of liability and warranty
i specifically disclaim any warranty, either expressed or implied, 
        concerning the information on these pages. neither i nor any of the 
        designer/architects associated with this site will have liability 
        for loss, damage, or injury, resulting from the use of any information 
        found on this, or any other page at this site. kelly hart, hartworks, 
        inc. 
home   conventional 
        styles   rounded 
          styles 
 earth-sheltered 
          styles    organic 
            styles   
earth    wood   straw   stone  manufactured
lightweight concrete     modifications
  site 
              map     store     about 
                us     designer profiles     contact
visit 
        our other websites:

[green home building]     [earthbag building]  [natural building blog]   [simple green living]  [hartworks]   [solar 
          car]  







