
-->

lake vermilion home page





































the 31st annual ice-out contestis now open!
click here to enter!!

















check out eagleeyeour lake web cam!!















time remaining before theminnesota 2025 fishing opener!!!

















how about fishing lake vermilion?


fishing guides of lake vermilion
2024 dnr fishing regulations 

dnr's lake vermilion info
lake vermilion fish consumption advisory
2025 best hunting and fishing times tables
lake vermilion's biggest fish!
how much does your fish weigh?
fish tales
other fishing & outdoor sites
what it's like fishing anywhere else!


 








lake vermilion lakeshore services


boat rentals
dock & boat dealer


 






in the 1940's many folks 
declared lake vermilion one of the top ten most scenic lakes in the united states. 
and it still is today. with its 40,000 acres of water, 365 islands and 1200 miles 
of shoreline, it stretches 40 miles across the heart of minnesota's arrowhead region. 
this web site is intended to bring together all the resources you'll need to plan 
and have a wonderful lake vermilion experience..








what's there to know about lake vermilion


where is lake vermilion anyway?"
boating with buoys & safety
public water accesses and boat dealers & repair
what's where? on lake vermilion
who's where on lake vermilion (e-mail addresses)
wild flowers of lake vermilion
winter on lake vermilion









 




photos on and around the lake and fish pics


the moods of lake vermilion"
dale lundblad collection
years of muskie pictures
years of your walleye, northern and bass pictures
25 years of your pictures













assorted info on & around the lake


classified ads! buying and selling?










where can you stay on the lake?


select resorts with locations and web sites
"cabin connection" - private cabins for rent
real estate agencies









lake vermilion area services


area contractors
storage facilities
area businesses on the web
churches


 

















how about signingour guest book?







e-mail





