






laboratory informatics & scientific data advisory | labvantage
















































































 




































skip to content








 









book a demo










customer care




ctec




contact








language
 






 search


search


 close this search box.















 








informatics





 


limselnlessdms 


analyticsways to deploytechnology 
 

industries





 


pharma & biotechbiobankingdiagnosticsfood & beverageoil & gascontract testing 


cancer researchpublic health labsconsumer packaged goodsforensicgovernmentmedical labs 
 

services





 


professional servicestrainingmanaged services 


validationcustomer caremigration 
 

who we are





 


leadershipqualitypartnersglobal locations 


careerspress releaseseventscontact us 
 

resources





 


articlesbrochurescase studieswhite papers 


videos & podcastswebinarsblog 
 

cteccustomer carecontact us 
















 












 














 




accelerate decisions in the boardroom with data from the lab 







meet labvantage's ai-powered laboratory informatics platform - designed to capture lab data and put it to work for your business. 








learn more










company of the year 




frost & sullivan recognition; 2nd year top growth and innovation leader 






read the press release










98% 




retention rate – labvantage customers stay! 






100 




deployments in a year! 






read the press release










80% 




growth in professional services team…no line, no waiting 






read the press release

















labvantage lims—loved in the lab, trusted in the c-suite 



an end-to-end laboratory information management (lims) platform has to work for everyone. for operators, who rely on it to streamline their daily work in the research lab, the qc lab, and at each point between. and for executives, who need real-time insights and meaningful, validated domain research to outsmart competitors. labvantage lims is your solution—benchtop to boardroom. 







streamline for a digital futuresimplify workflows with one lab informatics platform for lims, eln, les, sdms and analytic capabilities. 







control admin costsfree your team from maintenance and consulting costs with our end-to-end management services. 



make confident decisionspredict future outcomes and navigate uncertainty with a full-featured, self-service analytics solution. 



get up and running quicklyreduce deployment time and increase roi by choosing a pre-configured, industry-specific lims. 







reduce deployment complexitiesscalable, cost-effective saas deployment or on-premises licensing. the choice is yours. 



accelerate the research processintegrate scattered data with ailani, designed to search public and proprietary digital assets in seconds. 



work smarter, not harderaccess lab data from any device, anywhere, with a 100% browser-based, html5-compliant platform. 










 




business intelligence. scientific innovation. experience it with labvantage.  






book a demo















from the labvantage press room. 








				labvantage solutions and the netherlands forensic institute (nfi) partner to advance digital transformation in forensic science			




			read the press release »		














 




this is not your typical lims  



your lab data can help your company improve speed-to-market and generate long-term business growth. but first, you need to make that data accessible across your enterprise. the labvantage lims platform offers critical lab informatics components that rival standalone solutions, integrated into a single powerful toolset. 










 








end-to-end intelligent functionality from a single, intuitive interface: labvantage lims serves as the foundation of labvantage’s laboratory informatics platform, which integrates solutions within a single architecture, licensing model, and services contract. customers have the flexibility to select and activate specific components, and scale use as needed. each contributes to performance-enhancing lab operations and innovation-driving insights. 






explore the labvantage platform

















spotlight 







250+ users in 18 manufacturing plants700+ samples logged daily26,000+ environmental monitoring sampling points 







food & beverage 



“with labvantage, we’ve transformed a paper-based company into a dynamic and digitized business environment.” 






read the case study











 











our valued customers 





 

 

 














the latest from labvantage 








 





 






labvantage 8.9 is coming – benefits of using jboss 8 






february 5, 2025 






the labvantage laboratory information management system (lims) runs on jboss, a fast and efficient open-source java-based enterprise application platform (eap) server, developed by red hat. jboss version 7.4 had been...		




 





 






how henkel connects r&d to production through labvantage lims integration with sap 






february 5, 2025 






henkel is a global manufacturer and leader in adhesive technologies and consumer brands. with about 48,000 colleagues worldwide, the company has a rich product portfolio and focuses on finding innovative,...		




 





 






how labvantage lims streamlines microbial strain data management for ceva biovac 






january 21, 2025 






ceva biovac, a leader in animal health innovation in france, focuses on combating infectious diseases in livestock by developing custom bacterial antigen vaccines as an alternative to antibiotics. the company...		





















control your data and drive digital transformation with the leading integrated laboratory informatics platform. 



 










home




contact us




customer support




contract terms











 



 



frost radartm leader for2023 and 2024 







linkedin-in
 



facebook-f
 




 



youtube
 






							©2025 labvantage solutions inc. all rights reserved.						



privacy policy | cookie policy | sitemap 








































