














home | jrc engineering, inc.















































































































 













 






login / registration
cart






0



 


menu				

home
my account
dealers
search parts
quick order
parts books

parts books
exploded diagrams


tech articles

installation guides
electrical tech
tuning tips & tricks
manuals


news & events

event calendar
blog


videos
about
contact us
 


















 























































































































































 








for new featured products click here









aboutservicescontact usdeliveryabout


about

 over 35 years of service
jrc engineering has served the british motorcycle dealer for over 35 years. it has been our great honor to be associated with many of the greats of the industry.
  premier networking
our experience and connections to the industry are your guarantee of the best possible components.


  first hand experience
the president of the company is a british bike user and currently owns no less than 75 british motorcycles.
  satisfaction guarantee
on the rare occasion that there is an issue with a product we are able to bring up the model in question and fit the suspect part for trial. our close ties with the various manufacturers give us the opportunity to work closely with them to rectify any issues.



services


services

hassel-free shipping
jrc has established strong ties with all the major shipping agencies. we offer ups, usps, fedex, and a host of specialty companies to get the products your customer wants to your door fast and without drama.
  international shipping
we offer international shipping to most counties.


  large inventory
our huge stock of parts contained in two warehouse locations allow us to have a very small back order rate, far better than in the peak of british motorcycle industry domination.
  dealer friendly
we do not sell retail, we are not a competitor to our many loyal dealers but come along side them to serve the british motorcycle owner.



contact us


toll free order line: 1(800) 634-3250
info: 1(951) 940-5411
fax: 1(951) 940-5414



 










your name (required)



your email (required)



subject



your message









delivery


delivery

in by 12 out by 3
we endeavor to process your valuable order on the same day received. in by 12 out by 3 is our motto. we realize your customers bike is down and you need your parts now.











home
about
tech
news
event calendar
store
contacts



toll free order line: 1(800) 634-3250
jrc engineering inc. 3110 indian ave unit 1e, perris, ca, 92571





 



























↑

