


intranet software, workflow and bpm, web cms and apps | smart media





















client login
contact us













intranet / extranet software
workflow / business process management
web cms & design 
services
about 



menu

















field staff? remote offices?lift your intranet to a private smart media cloud to give your employees access from anywhere, anytime
    


still trying to find that document?great things may need a bit of effort but the rewards are satisfying when you find the documents easily
    







intranet, cms & workflow software







intranet software

with the modern enterprise, the need to enable employees to productively work anywhere and anytime,smart media intranet solution is more relevant than ever.

read more





private cloud

mitigate your risks by hosting your extranet or web cms in a private  cloud, knowing it will be operated in your home country and complying  with pci-dss standards.

read more





website cms

highly speed efficient, seo friendly, funtionally rich website cms that gives you ultimate creative freedom

read more





workflow software

in a strive for operational efficiency, business process workflows let you create operational efficiencyintelligent workflow™ is the easiest workflow software to deploy people  oriented business processes, whether for internal operations or for  customer services.

read more











employee communications
time for a change
read more

intranet innovation
for next digital generation
read more

manufacturing adopts
workflows of industrial scale
read more

in the fast lane
and living our sustainable values
read more

#fbf
red dots or red blokes?
read more

retail extranet
success from rio to tokyo
read more

what now
for data protection
read more

adblocks vs marketeers
consumer does not have a choice
read more

onboard a350
with your intranet
read more






smart media technology and product news






17-nov-2016
@smart_media_ltd


		         investigatory powers bill text has been agreed by both houses, awaiting royal ascent to become law. bill documents 
      on the parliament website.
		    

retweet .
		  reply .
		  favourite







30-nov-2016
increase social engagement on your website -  with smart media feed reader
intelligent webcentre includes, without a need for a separate plugin or widgets, the ability for you to incorporate twitter and instagram feeds onto your website.you can fully customise how the feed looks so that it is seamlessly fits your website just like you want it.
read more



28-oct-2016
new twitter channel for smart media @smart_media_ltd
smart media have launched a new twitter channel aimed to share information security and data protection news from authentic  sources. stay up-to-date on matters of cyber security and data protection and follow @smart_media_ltd
read more







 back to topnext



favourite intranet applications
online formscentral data managementhelp deskproduct catalogholiday and absence management
intranet benefits
professional servicesmulti-divisional organisationsmanufacturing and tqmretail intranetcall centre intranet
workflow applications
invoice managementoperational processesregulatory compliancebusiness process improvementdocument scanning
enterprise content management
intranet content managementdocument managementextranetwebsite cms softwareweb 2.0














© 2016 smart media limited.  privacy










any functional cookies on this site are identity neutral,
			 i.e. we are not able to identify you as a person, and their use is listed on
			 the privacy page. analytics cookies are optional - please indicate your preference below.

i'm ok with analytics cookies
do not use analytics cookies








