







downtown middletown

































































































cart
















0
















            eat \ drink
          

            shop
          

            enjoy
          



              visit \ live
            

            events
          

        gift cards
      



































































cart
















0











eat \ drinkshopenjoy







connecticut's most independent main street, near wesleyan university




visit \ liveeventsgift cards









scroll






 

welcome to main streetmiddletown, ct




















summer on main!!
keep up to date with the latest happenings this summer.



view calendar





















what’s your main street? 




    park the car
  




    charge the car
  



the seven walkable blocks of main street are home to nearly 200 independent businesses. sample a dozen different cuisines. enjoy music, art, dancing, playtime and the movies. explore one-of-a-kind shops, some family-run for generations and some just opened last week. celebrate at our hometown festivals and parades!      we’ve got all kinds of people here and there’s room for you too. so park the car, take a stroll and soon you’ll know…what’s your main street?








one of the most romantic-national trust for historic preservation











follow us!!










































































    purchase a gift card!
  

 

giftmainstreetthe downtown gift card is valid at more than 90 restaurants, shops, and venues. click below or pick one up in person at amato’s toy & hobby or the middlesex chanber of commerce.











meet yourmain street



we put stories on our streetlight poles, so you can meet some of the people who make downtown special.  click the button to read them and explore a map of all the businesses up and down main street.




    storysigns
  








 




    about the storefront project
  































eat | drink










shop










enjoy













welcome to



we are downtown



press



what's the buzz



intro - gift cards



intro - meet your main street



about the storefront project



eat, shop, enjoy yourself in downtown middletown











    back to top
  





info@downtownmiddletown.com


hours



























subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!





about the dbdstrolling mapparkingev charginglodgingprivacycontact




363 main street, suite 404, middletown, ct 06457   |   (860) 347-1424   |   info@downtownmiddletown.com



© copyright 2020 middletown downtown business district and sadler studio + design











