

the smiths: scrimshaw, knives, and silversmithing










 
the smiths


scrimshaw, knives and silversmithing


a shop filled with the unique, the unusual and the hard-to-find










     



home

handmade

  knives by
  n. l.  smith

 scrimshaw by peggy
  smith


  jewelry



  ivory carvings


  other collectible knives


  antique ivory beads


  copal amber beads


  hippopotamus ivory


  african warthog tusks


  african horns on skull plates and full skulls


  african horns


  african masks and antiques


  miscellaneous collectibles


  how to find our shop
  when in our area


  contact us


  links

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













our
    shop, the smiths, was established in 1979.  since that time we have
    carried, in addition to our own handmade knives and scrimshaw,  a great
    selection of the handmade, the collectible, and the unusual.  we
    welcome you to browse our website, or if  you are in our area, to come by and visit
    our shop, which is located in the historic great smoky arts and crafts community on glades road, three
    miles from downtown gatlinburg.

    included in our site are examples of what we have for sale.  please
    call for the availability of items, as we have new pieces each week. we also carry in our
    shop a much larger variety of unusual, unique, and collectible items than we
    show on our website.  we invite you to call or email us if you have a
    particular item in mind which is not listed on our site and we will try to help you
    find it.

    many of our customers over the years have told us that we have one of the
    most unique and unusual shops they have ever visited.  many of our customers
    also say that it is like visiting a museum.  (we always tell them
    "thank you," but the biggest difference between our shop and a museum is that most everything we
    have in our shop is for sale.) the main reason that people keep coming back
    to see us is that we are always finding new and unique items for our shop.
    check back to this site regularly, as we will try to add new and
    different items as often as possible.

    if you see something you like, please order it now. many of our things are
    one of a kind and are sold very soon after we get them.



    for
    more information:
    email us at: thesmithsshop@comcast.net
or
    phone us at (865) 436-3322 (10:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.)
you
    may write to us at:
the
    smiths
    680 glades road shop #2
    gatlinburg, tn 37738




    this site was last updated 
january 17,  2014








 
 
 
 
 
 










    email:  thesmithsshop@comcast.net

phone:  865-436-3322 monday-saturday 11:30 am to 5:00 pm est








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 












