



map history / history of cartography - www-virtual library













world-wide web virtual library


index
completesitemap
what the site isabout
what'snew




resources & activities:
conferences & talks
discussion lists
exhibitions
fakes & forgeries
family history
fellowships & prizes
globes
images of early maps
links lists & gateways
map collecting
map collections
map interest societies
marketplace
news
researchers
teaching
thefts
web projects


map history / history of cartography the gateway to the subject  old maps, early maps—
non-current maps in general—are the subject of this site. whether you are an academic, family historian, collector, teacher, parent or surfer - welcome! use this site to find the worthwhile free
information about old maps, both on the web and in the real world. the site's 120 'pages' offer comment and
guidance, and over 6,500 annotated links selected for relevance and quality. as the information is logically
organised in a directory structure, you should easily find what you want. for an overview, check out what the site is about.  follow the links to the left; or use the 
index (and perhaps find unexpected things as well); or explore via the  sitemap to
see the full range.  in addition, you can search across the whole of this site:









   
powered by 
freefind


please note that there are no pictures of maps on this site (but see map image sites
 for thousands of annotated links to them). alternatively, map articles gives
easy access to the growing body of free texts on the web.
 this site is twenty-nine years old but is 
updated regularly. add it to your favorites or, if relevant, insert a link from your own webpage. 

comments are very welcome but i regret that specific map enquiries cannot be answered





 
  

maintained by tony campbell (former map librarian, british library, london) 



copyright © 1996-2025
  |   last significant updates: 11 september 2024   













the written word:
journals & newsletters
reading suggestions
web articles


around the subject:
related subjects
special topics
  companion sites
  tony campbell articles:
  portolan charts





 
archive
translate this site


what is not included on this site














  



  

 


 links last checked via  xenu march 2018. those starting
'mailman.geo' (maphist) are left in case they become available again 
                   [and august
2009-january 2012 can be found in the archive]; 'palimpseststanford'
(ex-libris), 'kunstpedia.com' and 'liber-maps' may be retrieved from the                   
web
archive/wayback machine 


follow me on academia and twitter


   

web
hosting
by ammonet





