




brentwood wine company – the world's most interesting wine auctions














































skip to main content





login
register

		
			|weekly wine auction (napa) :   


twitterfacebookinstagram
 






open mobile menu



home
auctions 

upcoming auctions
past auctions
highlights


sell wine
about 

about us
auction rules
buyer’s premium
shipping information
wine condition notes


contact
search



search


submit













weekly wine auction (napa) - beyond the label
is open!bid now



benchmark wine group’s (napa, ca) auction
closes, monday 2/17 at 12 pm pst!
are you looking to sell your fine wine collection?  we are actively seeking consignments and your cellar could be featured in one of our next auctions.  check out our sell wine page to learn all about sending us your list.






east coast wine auction (dc)
has closed.register now 


benchmark wine & spirits (dc) next auction
will begin soon!
are you looking to sell your fine wine collection?  we are actively seeking consignments and your cellar could be featured in one of our next auctions.  check out our sell wine page to learn all about sending us your list.






january spirits (dc) auction
has closedregister now


benchmark wine & spirits (dc) next spirits auction
will be in february 
are you looking to sell your fine wine collection?  we are actively seeking consignments and your cellar could be featured in one of our next auctions.  check out our sell wine page to learn all about sending us your list.






introducing
the world's most interesting auctions


pioneering the online wine industry, brentwood auctions has conducted exciting weekly auctions featuring the finest and rarest wines in the world since 1998.
starting in 2022 brentwood auctions has expanded into the world of rare spirits.


register to bid 



don't miss our next event!
now accepting
rare spirits
consignments


looking to sell your spirits collection?  we’re here to help!
take advantage of the hot spirits market and consign today!


email your list 








the best wines,
online.
and spirits too!


join the mailing list sell your wineour experienced acquisitions team provides personalized service throughout the selling process, making every effort to ensure that your experience is easy and painless.
learn more auction rulesbefore bidding, please read our auction rules & tips page to further educate yourself on our easy and simple weekly auctions! please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.

visit page shop retailour retail site, benchmark wine group, has the widest selection of fine and rare wine in the u.s. serving retailers, restaurants and collectors everywhere.
shop now 


 

warning: drinking distilled spirits, beer, coolers, wine and other alcoholic beverages may increase cancer risk, and, during pregnancy, can cause birth defects.  for more information go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov/alcohol.














download our free app!  


- place and manage your bids from anywhere.
- get notified when an auction goes live.
- follow wines you like and keep track of their lots.
 

brentwood auctions503.638.9463503.638.6737info@brentwoodwine.comtwitter 


join our mailing list!



your email address


subscribe


  
 






	copyright © 2022 brentwood auctions, all rights reserved 



home
auctions

upcoming auctions
past auctions
highlights


sell wine
about

about us
auction rules
buyer’s premium
shipping information
wine condition notes


contact







back to top×
















