








napa software home page




















napa software







home



downloads



buy software



contact us



privacy policy









wallpaper magic







standard edition



screen saver edition


download


purchase


photo gallery












realtimedb







product info



demo software


download demo


support



purchase









free software and tools







mp3 grouppie



news server lookup



comcfg









links







mp3 related



wallpaper pics















  



home


announcementwallpaper magic 2.5 and wallpaper magic screen saver edition 2.5 are now available.  download here or purchase here.


thanks to great feedback from our customers, this free upgrade will include a number of great new features to enhance your windows desktop experience.


one of the new features you can expect to see is active directory monitoring, which can make addition of new pictures to the wallpaper magic database simple and transparent.  digital camera users will especially benefit from this feature when they use it to monitor their digital camera's photo folders - as photos are downloaded to their computer's hard drive, they can be automatically added for use by wallpaper magic as their desktop wallpaper and screen saver.


users with a large inventory of pictures will appreciate the new favorites feature, which puts your favorite wallpaper pictures just two clicks away no matter what you're doing.


expanded email support makes it easier than ever to share your pictures with friends and family, while multiple user support will allow each user on a windows pc to maintain their own wallpaper setting and favorites list.  you can even set the default wallpaper on the computer - the wallpaper that appears when all users are logged out of windows.


corporate system administrators will appreciate wallpaper magic's adherance to system policy settings and the ease with which they can deploy and maintain a consistent desktop environment.


this release is a free upgrade for registered users of wallpaper magic 2.x and wallpaper magic screen saver edition 2.x.  for more details check the product info pages here and here.





















                                                                                                                                                                           






copyright © 1997-2003 napa software inc.. all rights reserved.
site comments to 
webmaster@napasoftware.com









