






woodstock vermont real estate, wetmore buchheit

























log in | register
my accountpropertiessearch mlsresidentiallandcommercialrentalsequestrianservicescommunitycontactmenuclose buttonlog insign upmy accountpropertiessearch mlsresidentiallandcommercialrentalsequestrianservicescommunitycontactsaved searchesfavoritesjohn wetmore real estate



find your new home.advanced search



ask a questionfull nameemailphonequestions or comments?do not fill in this field:opt ini agree to receive marketing and customer service calls and text messages from john wetmore. to opt out, you can reply 'stop' at any time or click the unsubscribe link in the emails. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg/data rates may apply. msg frequency varies. privacy policy.sendthis site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.










woodstock vermont real estatejohn wetmore real estate welcomes you - the woodstock vermont real estate broker.

the buying and selling of woodstock vermont real estate is what we do. whether your interest is equestrian property, historic homes, retiring to vermont or an investment in land, we will meet your needs with a complete range of real estate services.

expert marketers of distinctive country homes in the woodstock, vermont area, our land and estate brokers are not strangers to the personal touch. we know that selling, or buying real estate, is one of the most important decisions a person will ever make. each client receives our special consideration and attention.

we pride ourselves on our in-depth real estate marketing experience; our focus on the real estate of the woodstock, vermont area and our complete understanding of regional market trends.view more







view local market reports

get important info about local areas.


what's my home worth?

contact us for a free home worth evaluation.


view sold listings

check out our latest successes.

recommended searchesour listingscommercial listings10+land listings<10woodstock vermont rentals<10woodstock vermont residential20+vermont equestrian properties<10view all





register with us
visit your account
register with us to save custom searches and receive custom listing notifications.
visit your account to view favorites, saved searches, and update your information.
sign up
my account




let us help you find your new home.
call us
email us
contact usjohn wetmore(802) 457-15151 elm streetwoodstockvtinfo@wbllc.netprivacy policy  
copyright 2025 primemls, inc. all rights reserved. this information is deemed reliable, but not guaranteed. the data relating to real estate displayed on this display comes in part from the idx program of primemls. the information being provided is for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. data last updated february 17, 2025 6:38 pm est
 






