






the david s. wyman institute for holocaust studies




































skip to content




the david s. wyman institute for holocaust studies






home

about david s. wyman
about the wyman institute
contact


news

news releases
the wyman institute in the news


encyclopedia

editors
entries


publications

articles
books

the abandonment of the jews
the jews should keep quiet
blowing the whistle on genocide
cartoonists against the holocaust
the student struggle against the holocaust
fdr and the holocaust: a breach of faith
a race against death: peter bergson, america, and the holocaust
millions of jews to rescue


videos

george mcgovern and the bombing of auschwitz


special reports


resources

video interview with josiah e. dubois, jr
educational materials
the bergson group,  a history in photographs

the bergson group, leadership
the bergson group, we will never die
the bergson group, emergency conference
the bergson group, the rabbis march
the bergson group, capitol hill
the bergson group, a flag is born
the bergson group, voyage of the ben hecht


the day the rabbis marched

the day the rabbis marched, history and impact of the march
the day the rabbis marched, documents
the day the rabbis marched,  testimonials from relatives of those that marched
the day the rabbis marched, did your father or relative march?




donate
order books
 






new graphic novel spotlights four heroes who confronted the holocaust
a powerful new nonfiction graphic novel about four courageous individuals who tried to alert america about the dangers of hitler and the need to rescue jews from the holocaust. from the acclaimed creative team of author rafael medoff and artist dean motter. continue reading






 

america’s response to the holocaust — explained through 100 key documents
may 1, 2022 rafael medoff news release leave a comment


this important new book, published by the jewish publication society / university of nebraska press,


continue reading






 

u.s. holocaust museum distorts fdr’s record
june 23, 2018 wyman institute homepage leave a comment


a study by eight leading holocaust historians has found that a new exhibit at the


continue reading






 

teaching the holocaust — through comic books
february 16, 2017 wyman institute articles, books comments off on teaching the holocaust — through comic books


the wyman institute’s cutting-edge educational comic books about the holocaust are being used in schools


continue reading






 

l.a. times publishes wyman institute’s comic strip about jewish refugees and japanese internees
february 16, 2017 wyman institute news release comments off on l.a. times publishes wyman institute’s comic strip about jewish refugees and japanese internees




continue reading






 

wyman institute & disney team up
january 19, 2017 wyman institute videos comments off on wyman institute & disney team up


learn about the critically-acclaimed dvd, “they spoke out: american voices against the holocaust,” created by


continue reading






 

students’ research on holocaust whistleblower wins regional competition
january 19, 2017 wyman institute uncategorized comments off on students’ research on holocaust whistleblower wins regional competition


five students at the rosa international middle school in cherry hill, new jersey, have won


continue reading






 

breaking the rules
january 19, 2017 wyman institute uncategorized comments off on breaking the rules


read the wyman institute’s new study, “breaking the rules: violations of academic standards in the


continue reading






 

the bergson group,  a history in photographs
january 19, 2017 wyman institute homepage, resources comments off on the bergson group,  a history in photographs


during world war two, a small group of militant zionist activists from europe and palestine


continue reading






 

the day the rabbis marched
january 19, 2017 wyman institute homepage, resources comments off on the day the rabbis marched


the rabbis’ march on washington in 1943 actually began the thursday before the date of


continue reading






courting the antisemitic vote
august 6, 2024 rafael medoff articles leave a comment


we’re accustomed to politicians courting the black vote, or the jewish vote, or the youth


continue reading





posts navigation
1
2
3
…
861
next posts»




wyman institute and smithsonian collaborate on history projects 
as part of a new collaborative relationship, wyman institute director rafael medoff was recently invited to take part in an event at the smithsonian institution commemorating the 75th anniversary of president franklin d. roosevelt’s order authorizing the mass internment of japanese-americans.

dr. medoff also spoke as part of a smithsonian panel at the annual conference of the american alliance of museums, held at the america’s center convention complex, in st. louis. the panel was called “transformiveed: exploring difficult subjects through comics”; dr. medoff discussed the wyman institute’s use of comics, cartoons and animation to teach about the holocaust.

the panel also included evan keeling of the smithsonian, artists liz laribee and jason rodriguez, and jenny robb, director of the billy ireland comic library and museum at ohio state university, which is the largest comic library in the world.


wyman comic wins silver medal the wyman institute's comic book, karski’s mission: to stop the holocaust, has been awarded a silver medal in the 21st annual independent publisher awards.

karski's mission, which was authored by wyman institute director rafael medoff and illustrated by renowned comic book artist dean motter, was awarded the silver medal in the category of "graphic novel/drawn book – drama/documentary category."

karski's mission is based on the true story of jan karski (1914-2000), a polish catholic and member of the polish underground during world war ii, who risked his life to bring allied leaders his eyewitness account of the ongoing slaughter of the jews in nazi-occupied poland.

karski's mission, which was co-published by the wyman institute and the jan karski educational foundation, received additional support from fundacja edukacyjna jana karskiego, the association of friends of the polish history museum, sigmund a. rolat (chairman of the wyman institute's board of directors), carole bilina, and john mclees. with assistance from the polish ministry of culture and national heritage, a polish-language edition of karski's mission is now being used widely in schools in poland.

see the full list of 2017 medalists
wyman institute most frequently published topicsa flag is born
american jewish congress
anne frank
antisemitism
atrocities prevention board
auschwitz
ben hecht
breckinridge long
columbia university
darfur genocide
david ben-gurion
dr. rafael medoff
elie wiesel
genocide
george mcgovern
henry morgenthau jr.
hillel kook
hitler
international criminal court
irgun zvai leumi
jewish refugees
kristallnacht pogrom
marlon brando
nazi genocide
obama administration
palestine
palestinian authority
peter bergson
president bush
president obama
president roosevelt
prof. laurel leff
rabbi stephen s. wise
raoul wallenberg
roosevelt administration
sudan
syria
the abandonment of the jews
the bergson group
united states holocaust memorial museum
varian fry
war refugee board
winston churchill
yad vashem
zionism







		wordpress theme: tortuga by themezee.	















