






 



designer pools & spas | wny inground pools, above ground pools and hot tubs - designer pools & spas of wny




























































call today for a free estimate! | gowanda:  (716) 532-5498  | jamestown:  (716) 483-7946 | dunkirk:  (716) 672-7665 















home
swimming pools

inground pools

inground pools
photo & video gallery


inground pool comparisons
above ground pools


hydropools

hot tubs
swim spas


recreation

ashley outdoor furniture
breezesta patio furniture


about us
services
financing
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 













lock in 2024 pricing now!free robotic cleaner with new pool!fiberglass pools starting at $56,995 installed!
request a quote








discover luxury at homedesigner pools and spas of wny
request a quote








make a splash this season! get a fiberglass inground pool – get a jump start on summer 2025 fun!
request a quote








discover luxury at homedesigner pools and spas of wny
request a quote










contact western new york's premier pool installers now!







designer pools and spas
in 1982, norris luther founded designer pools and began operations from the garage of his home in gowanda, n.y. today, more than 40 years later, designer pools operates from three retail locations and, with thousands of pools expertly installed, has become western new york and northwestern pennsylvania’s premier swimming pool installer. still a family-owned and operated business, designer pools specializes in  fiberglass inground pools, above ground pools, self-cleaning hot tubs, recycled patio furniture, umbrellas, billiard tables,  chemicals and supplies. from start to finish, all designer pools projects are handled professionally, and to the highest standard of quality.

learn more




































western new york’s premier inground / above ground pool installers.
designer pools and spas







inground & above ground pools
we build our residential pools to the highest quality standards in the pool industry. our full complement of in-house resources ensures that your custom pool is built on time and is backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
learn more







hot tubs & swim spas
we bring that experience to the table as we give you a custom hot tub and spa at an affordable price. we take into consideration your entertaining style as well as your family and even your pets!
learn more











outdoor furniture
learn more










contact western new york’s premier pool installers now!







what people are saying
our testimonials






i had a very pleasurable experience, staff were very friendly and very helpful and talked me through the steps needed to balance my water in my hot tub. the hot tub installation crew were on time, professional, and the process turned out flawless! very professional and reliable at the store and as an installation crew, all around great company!
- brian overbeck | google review








in the past 10 years, we have purchased both an above-ground pool and a hydropool swim spa from the designer pool. each time we call for help or go into the store for supplies they are professional and very helpful, plus, they back up their warranties which is huge in today's world!
- cherie smith | google review








norry and the entire crew at designer pools and spas are the best.  from the planning and design phase, through the construction and after, their expertise and dedication will impress you. the installation is incredible to watch. the process is fast and efficient. all of the crew members are friendly, punctual and clearly extremely talented at what they do. everyone took great care to protect my home and property during the well orchestrated building process. after installation, the guys also did an amazing job cleaning up the street, my driveway and the yard, which i really appreciate. in the spring, we will be able to proceed with patio construction which will proceed seamlessly due to excellent cooperation and communication between designer pools and b & w custom concrete. couldn't be happier with our new pool and spa, and with designer pools for making our dream come true. 
- keith kaplan | google review








this is my 2nd in-ground pool.  compared to the last group these guys are fantastic.  coming into my 2nd full year now with this pool i could not be happier with the decisions i made with this team.  cs is and has always been top notch with me no matter where i run into them.  on the streets, erie county fair, showroom,  you name it this team of employees is respectful and attentive.  i would recommend them highly if you want to go down the fiberglass route.
- ray machlowski | google review








norry was great to work with and the guys that did the installation were friendly and professional. i was impressed how fast the pool went in and they even did a great job cleaning up when they were done. we love our new pool!  thank you designer pools!!
- nancy finucane | google review












start enjoying your backyard
build your backyard vacation oasis

request a quote











gowanda14650 us-62 gowanda ny, 14070 716.532.5498



jamestown 2335 foote avenue jamestown, ny 14701 716.483.7946



dunkirk 3302 east main road dunkirk, ny 14048 716.672.7665







follow





call us



 








copyright 2020 | designer pools & spas of western ny 




















