







car rental in ireland & northern ireland | budget car hire









































toggle navigation menu
                


budget car rental








manage booking


manage booking


get a quote


promotions





rental deals


united kingdom offers


irish offers


north america offers





cars


car guide


satellite navigation





hire locations


locations


worldwide hire





contact us


contact us


contact details





newsletter signup
about us













low cost car hire northern ireland and republic of ireland







































hire a car in north america

renting a car in the usa or canada? budget offer great value car hire throughout north america with excellent rates available from a vast network of over 1500 city and airport locations.
 


north america rental ›











uk car hire

we offer great car rental
deals all over the uk.
pick up low cost car hire in
any of our city or airport locations throughout england, scotland & wales.

car hire london ›









newsletter signup

we'll mail you the latest car rental offers.
    view our privacy policy




join











dreaming of ireland?

follow us on instagram @budgetireland and enjoy the beauty of ireland from home. 

use #budget_trip for a feature. 
click here for instagram 

follow us on instagram ›


























low cost car hire northern ireland and republic of ireland
budget car hire offer unbeatable rates from airport and city locations throughout the island of ireland. combining great value, nationwide locations and a uk sales office, budget can service all of your car rental needs. 

use the form above to get a quick car rental quote & choose from a selection of car types. price will include all compulsory insurances, unlimited mileage, 24hr breakdown cover and a free road map. 

book now


hire a gps from budget
pre-book a sat nav system when you book online with budget or pick one up at the rental counter for just £12 per day and make sure you always know the quickest routes. 

hire a sat nav




nationwide locations
with rental locations including dublin, shannon, cork, knock, kerry and belfast airports we cover all of the republic of ireland and northern ireland. with a range of city centre locations also available, wherever you need us we are sure to have a branch near you.  

location information














terms and conditions


privacy policy


helpful information


site map


cookie settings




















© 2025 budget car rental ireland













