

loveis.org - your good news network - listen objectively; value everyone. insights...















home
articles
gospel=good news
the church


"how lovely on the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news, who announces peace and brings good news of happiness, who announces salvation and says to zion, 'your god reigns!'"--isaiah 52:7




welcome to love is... 
listen objectively; value everyone insights (or in sight!)





 
love is amazing, awesome, glorious 
 

love is freely given ~ a free gift

 

love is truth ~ love is trust
  
 

   love is unconditional ~ liberating...
 
love is joyous
love is understanding and respecting others... joy in each other's uniqueness
  


love is...listening, enlightenment, intimacy, peace...
 
love is compassionate, merciful, gracious
  

❮
❯













love is life :: life is love - celebrate in this!
loveis... sharing the good news.
loveis.org promotes freedom, knowledge, respect, kindness, understanding, peace, and unity...
about loveis... ~ purpose/objective ~ our perspective

    love is life  ::  life is love

may we recommend...
the chosen - a tv series
      daily grace inspirations at joseph prince ministries
videos - mobile app:  decibel.one
      free video and audio       podcasts about jesus' love for you



love is...
"love is patient, love is kind, and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things."
--paul in the holy bible, i corinthians 13:4-7 
"love is considered the most basic emotion that human awareness can feel; therefore, it is the closest to the source of life."
--deepak chopra in ageless body, timeless mind
"love does no wrong to a neighbor; love therefore is the fulfillment of the law."
--paul in the holy bible, romans 13:10 

two great study tools
bible gateway lets you search the bible by keyword, verse, subject, and by just about any translation you can think of!â  in the results, you have options to read the full chapter, "in   context", and other translations.
    here's a sample link to a search there on "love is"

bible hub lets you search chapters and verses "interlinear", which shows   both the english and hebrew (ot) or greek (nt) words, as well as having   links to definitions of each word (from strong's concordance and more), and listing what part of speech each   word is.â  here's the link to john 17:3:â  "now this is eternal life:â  that they know you, the only true god, and jesus christ, whom you have sent."  








exploring wisdom, understanding, spiritual gifts
"come to me, all who are weary and heavy-laden, and i will give you rest."


according to god as spoken by job...
"and to man he said, 'behold, the fear of the lord that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.'"
-job 28:28



spirit 
        of        faith
spirit 
        of        wisdom
spirit 
        of        patience
spirit 
        of        mercy
spirit 
        of        judgment 
spirit        of        peace
spirit 
        of        goodness
 





according to david... 
the fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom... the fear of the lord is the beginning of knowledge... 



wisdom
understanding
knowledge
counsel 
righteousness
justice - equity
discernment - prudence
 





  according to paul...
  the (motivational) gifts of the spirit are prophecy,	service,	teaching,	exhortation,	giving, leadership, and mercy. 




prophecy
service
teaching
exhortation
giving
leadership
mercy
 








love is.  love is...
listen objectively; value everyone in sight/insights...â 


about loveis... 




 website design & development by webstir™ 
the loveis.org website is provided by mcdel publishing
and mcdel gifts & gear co. 
    po box 2108, grand junction, colorado 81502  usa
    call or text:  970-208-3348 
    contact us
©mcdel gifts & gear co., mcdel publishing 2001-

    , 
    all rights reserved. privacy policy/terms of use




