






home - csr india









































































































 





















 








who we are

about csr
our team
board members
partnership
policies


what we do

education & empowerment

beti bachao beti padhao
girl school retention & skill training programme
sports for empowering girls


support to women

womens crisis intervention centre
women?s relief response to the covid-19 crisis


women skill development
gender mainstreaming in the foreign policy of india
political leadership
gender transformative training
gender water and climate change
online safety and security


campaignsnew

weon
csw

csw 68: gender, water & climate change
csw 67: right to an inclusive, safe and secure digital existence for women and girls
csw 66: inclusive, safe and secure digital spaces for women and children
csw65: digital safety & citizenship development
commission for the status of women (csw64)
63rd commission on the status of women (csw63)


16 days’s of activism

16 day’s of activism  2020
16 day’s of activism 2021
16 day’s of activism  2022
16 day’s of activism 2023


wellness campaign


publication

annual report
newsletter
research studies
media coverage
feminist glossary
books


csr’s assistance kits

online safety and security toolkit
survivor assistance kit


more

webinar
art for good
music for a cause
tedx
our trainings
40 years
follow us


search
 











































csr survivor kit
















digital safety toolkit
















































            glimpse of our 40 year celebration        


click here to know more


 







            glimpse of our 40 year celebration        


click here to know more


 













































































 







committed to building an 
equitable, sustainable, and gender-just society. 






































            
            what we do
                    

 




































founded in 1983, the centre for social research (csr) is a leading non-profit based in new delhi, india, with a mission to create a violence-free, gender-equitable world. accredited by the united nations and a proud member of ecosoc, we champion women’s rights through impactful research, education, capacity building, and advocacy. csr is the nodal agency for beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) as part of the initiative by the ministry of women and child development (mwcd). we also work closely with the national commission for women (ncw) as a pan india nodal agency with 24×7 e-consulting helpline for sexual and gender based violence (sgbv) and (prevention of sexual harassment) posh act implementation.our work spans women-focused programs, skill development, empowerment, climate action, and digital safety across india and the region, including nepal, bangladesh, bhutan, and sri lanka. we’ve been at the forefront of driving positive change for over 40 years! 





















view more

 






































            
            csr annual report 2024 
                    

 

















 















 
download annual report 2024










































            
            our focus areas
                    

 




































women and girl child empowerment 









gender, water and climate change 









women skill development  and capacity building 
















digital safety for women and children 









research   









policy and advocacy   


















            
            our impact
                    

 
































 










 









10000
+


direct beneficiaries of digital safety trainings


 












 









1000
+


cases of sgbv solved via direct involvement 


 












 









10000



people trained in  posh


 












 










 









1000



people across 16 districts provided with survivor assistance kits during covid


 












 









1000
+


households made sustainable   through climate action


 












 









500
+


projects implemented benefitting hundreds of people


 














































            
            our partners
                    

 




































 





















































                        book your training                                




 


















            
            posh training
                    

 






            
            ‘prevention of sexual harassment of women' training aims to create safer & gender sensitive workplaces for women.
                    

 








book now

 












            
            gender sensitization

                    

 






            
            digital citizenship and civic participation for gender equality, encouraging youth to become agents of positive change in society and increase women's participation in the online world.
                    

 








book now

 












            
            digital safety
                    

 






            
            digital safety training to build their capacity, equip them with the right safety tools and generate awareness.
                    

 








book now

 












            
            women entrepreneurship  and  capacity building
                    

 






            
            digital safety training to build their capacity, equip them with the right safety tools and generate awareness.
                    

 








book now

 
























































            
            our blogs
                    

 




































my perspective on banning or not banning access to social...september 16, 2024; by dr. ranjana kumari 






read more













“supporting women’s empowerment: a call to action...july 08, 2024, by dr. ranjana kumari 






read more













addressing image-based sexual abuse in the global... january 31, 2022, 1:09 pm ist 






read more












































read all our blogs

 



































connect  with us 









please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *organization's name *comment or messagesubmit  



































dating safety guide in collaboration with tinder, india 
















 













download the guide








































 





















happy 75th independence day to everyone from centre for social research family. 

the aazadi ka amrit mahotsav celebration calls for focus on gender equality, empowerment for women and girls, and proactive measures to change the patriarchal mindset that reflects in everyday life in language and behaviour.

dr ranjana kumari,director, csr india

click for more info


 











 



















                        what we do                                        






 









csr's digital safety initiatives 









girl's schoolretention 









sports forempowering girls 









gender mainstreaming in foreign policy 









gender, water & climate change 















crisisintervention 









survivorassist kit 









onlinesafety toolkit 









office assistant training 









politicalleadership 





























                        book your trainings                                        






 

















 













 













 













 


















digital safety & online welbeing training workshop for schools 











digital citizenship and civic participation for gender equality for youth 











parents/teachers digital safety training 











digital safety training for women 























gender sensitization training 











posh training 






























 













 





































                        we are csr india                            





 





 1.5







million dedicated followers
 













centre for social research (csr) is a non-profit organization based in new delhi, india was founded in 1983. csr is dedicated to creating a violence-free, gender-just society through social research, capacity building and advocacy

 








24/7 support – we offer around the clock support 	            	






money-back guarantee – quality document or your money back	            	






unlimited revisions - all amendments are free of charge	            	



























 











message from the directorthe post-pandemic year 2021 was a year that could best be described as a year of hope, grief and resilience. despite tackling the challenges posed by covid-19, our spirit of enthusiasm and courage prevailed.with the atmosphere of fear and uncertainty that is characteristic of the global pandemic, an important question arises on our future roles and contributions.dr. ranjana kumaridirector, csr 









read more

 



















            csw 67- right to an inclusive, safe and secure digital existence for women and girls        


click here to visit csw 67


 
























































                        why we do it?                                        






 














”

 

“csr’s watershed initiatives provide the solution for rajasthan’s water scarcity problems. watershed activities for rural villages of alwar offer enormous benefits for the communities..
    
                                        shri. pradeep singh pundhir                                    
founder and chief executive director spectra, alwar, rajasthan





”

 

“watershed development program supported by csr helped spectra to develop rain harvesting structures, pond renovation, johad, paal, and anicuts. 
    
                                        shri. ratan singh choudhary                                    
civil engineer (water resource specialist), director, spectra, alwar, rajasthan





”

 

“i take every chance to learn and have gained confidence and developed skill sets. someday i want to become a manager and i also want to be an example for young girls and women that they have control over their career choices.”
    
                                        himanshi                                    
office assistant trainee 





”

 

“csr helped me inculcate professionalism and boosted my confidence to a level where now at a point i can face any kind of interview. the basic computer skills helped me a lot to build myself technologically advanced.”
    
                                        jyoti                                    
trainee csr





”

 

"my name is mansi, this skill training has helped me bring out my creative zones through writing as well as english speaking training, i can now easily find out a way to a perfect job for myself"
    
                                        mansi                                    
trainee csr





”

 

the training has empowered me, i have seen the transformation in my personality and decision making capacity
    
                                        jyoti                                    
office assistant trainee 





”

 

i have done other training programs in the past but this office assistant training was holistic, it help me in my overall development.
    
                                        shalu                                    
office assistant trainee 





”

 

my learning from csr water trainings helped in treating of water resources and construction of check dams.
    
                                        uma sharma                                    
water project trainee





”

 

csr helped me to become independent and i can now earn my own money and raise my kid and family well now.
    
                                        amrita                                    
women security guard





”

 

you guys are amazing and fun teachers. i had a lot of fun learning for you. take care!
    
                                        lavanya                                    
office assistant trainee






























                        our partners                                        




            
            we are grateful to all our partners who believe in what we do and enable us to strengthen our initiatives. 
                    

 




































 


















                        gender matters                                        




            
            know more from our latest blog!
                    

 










 





stepping out: a glimpse through the lens of gender
gender-based segregation of public spaces has been challenged over time as more women have been stepping out to claim equal spaces. public spaces ought to be a space occupied…					








 
read more

 










 





earth day – how has its significance evolved over the decades with respect to women?
earth day is an annual celebration of the environmental movement’s accomplishments and raising awareness of the significance of…					








 
read more

 










 





digital justice for gender equality in the changing world of work
as technological disruptions unfold every moment, one of the major concerns is for women, especially regarding the future of work. digitalisation has the potential to create…					








 
read more

 























                        get involved                                        




            
            join our efforts
                    

 









donate 









work with us 









write for us 























                        podcast                                        




            
            subscribe to csr podcast
                    

 



















 
spotify

 













 
anchor fm

 



































                        get in touch                                        






 



















 










your name




your email




subject




message


























for 40 years, csr has been a leader in the indian women’s movement due to its unique, tri-fold position as an experienced facilitator of training and empowering girls. by donating to csr, you will aid youth education and conduction of training programmes so as to enable people to realise their full potential. your support will ensure the safety and security of millions of people living in india.

 









phone no.
+91 011 46131929



mail us











 
    
                            2, nelson mandela marg vasant kunj,new delhi – 110070 india                        





























update 



















            curtain raiser - 16 days of activism 2022        


 








check out now

 










 



















            
            upcoming events
                    

 




















 


seminar on women in sports at iimc


							  		know more							  	

 





 


join us to unite against violence 


							  		know more							  	

 























facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 



spotify
 



podcast
 


















8px







click here









































































facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 









instagram
 



spotify
 



podcast
 















            
            quick links
                    

 










                       about csr                    





                       online safety and security toolkit                    





                       survivor assistance kit                    















            
            contact info
                    

 








 

                       info1@csrindia.org                    



 

                       2, nelson mandela marg vasant kunj, nd – 110070, india                    



 

                       +91 011 46131929                    









            
            subscribe to our newsletter and annual report
                    

 





 

























































2022 © all rights reserved by csr india.org.

 














2025
 



















 














































































