






massabda – dancers for dancers









































skip to content




massabda
dancers for dancers






 





search for:



   search







     navigation



about  

mission
board of directors
contact us


news  

massabda newsletter  

all newsletters




events  

massabda events
community dance calendar


resources
programs  

billy morganti dancesport series
outreach to seniors, the carousel ballroom


membership
support us  

massabda sponsors


 








welcome


massabda is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting ballroom dancing.  we are dancers who want to give back to the dance community because of what dance has done for us and provide our events, our programs, and this web site as a service to that community.
browse our site for more information about our organization, our events, and resources for ballroom dancing in the massachusetts area. be sure to check out the studios and vendors that offer massabda discounts.  you can also join our public facebook group for the latest posts about massabda and dance resources in the boston area. 
check out massaba’s next events below!
for other dancing news and events in the boston area, we recommend joining the facebook group: dancing news and fun.
massabda event calendar





◄ prev
february 2025
next ►




sunmontuewedthufrisat
 1
 2345678
 9101112131415
 16171819202122
 232425262728








latest news
monthly dances 


our next monthly dance will be at dne in chelmsford.  check our calendar for our upcoming events!



join or renew membership
membership is for  ballroom dancers, social dancers, competitors and youth dancers. please sign up for massabda chapter 3002


online click here to join or renew snail mail click here for a printable formhow to join
sign up for our newsletter

to keep informed of upcoming events and other massabda news, join our mailing list!
email:







note: if you have a pop-up blocker running, it may block the mailing list registration window from opening. use the pop-up blocker method for opening a desired pop-up window (e.g. hold the control key while clicking the button).







		wordpress theme: maxwell by themezee.	














