     new and used cars in phoenix az | earnhardt auto centers                                                















earnhardt auto centers



 



 888-820-3377



















earnhardt auto centers



      call 888-820-3377   directions    
             home    shop new   shop new   search inventory   schedule test drive   new cars    new trucks   new suvs & vans   calculate fuel savings   research   best selling suvs     shop used   shop used   vehicles under $10,000   all used   used cars   used trucks   used suvs   certified pre-owned vehicles   just arrived   used car research   schedule test drive   model comparisons     shopping tools   financing   no bull express   happy customers   ford commercial vehicles   gmc commercial vehicles   toyota commercial vehicles   ram commercial vehicles   chevrolet commercial vehicles     service & parts   service department   service & parts specials   our services   parts   earnhardt accessories   schedule service   earnhardt body shop     info   about us   our team   careers   happy customers   community   contact us   no bull difference   woman to woman sales   news   photo gallery   chisholm     our locations   our locations   mesa   scottsdale   chandler   gilbert   avondale   peoria   phoenix   goodyear   queen creek                      home    shop new   shop new   search inventory   schedule test drive   new cars    new trucks   new suvs & vans   calculate fuel savings   research   best selling suvs     shop used   shop used   vehicles under $10,000   all used   used cars   used trucks   used suvs   certified pre-owned vehicles   just arrived   used car research   schedule test drive   model comparisons     shopping tools   financing   no bull express   happy customers   ford commercial vehicles   gmc commercial vehicles   toyota commercial vehicles   ram commercial vehicles   chevrolet commercial vehicles     service & parts   service department   service & parts specials   our services   parts   earnhardt accessories   schedule service   earnhardt body shop     info   about us   our team   careers   happy customers   community   contact us   no bull difference   woman to woman sales   news   photo gallery   chisholm     our locations   our locations   mesa   scottsdale   chandler   gilbert   avondale   peoria   phoenix   goodyear   queen creek          




15
brands



17
dealerships




4780
new vehicles




791
used vehicles




  






shop by vehicle


5571 vehicles available



  
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





     search new inventory     search used inventory        





not sure where to start? let's narrow it down.




coupe





convertible





sedan





hybrid/electric





crossover/suv





truck





4wd/awd




     






shop local, shop earnhardt
earnhardt has been a trusted name in the valley for over 72 years, and for good reason. we know how to treat our customers right! when you choose to do business with earnhardt auto centers, you should expect to be treated like you're part of our family. whether you are looking to purchase your next vehicle, sell or trade an existing vehicle or have service work done, we are here to help you every step of the way…and that ain’t no bull!




     



car shopping made easy
we offer convenient tools to make the buying process easier. no bull express allows you to complete the entire buying process online. from test drive to financing, you can do it all from home!
with no bull financing, we finance your future, not your past. one approval is good for all 17 of our dealerships.

check it out 








      






no bull since 1951
earnhardt auto centers was founded in 1951 by a twenty-one year old tex earnhardt. after moving from texas to chandler, arizona as a child, his family started a small gas station downtown in chandler. tex looked to expand the family business from selling gas and auto parts to automobiles as well.
the automobile manufacturers in detroit refused to ship tex vehicles without expensive transportation costs. the solution? tex and a friend drove to detroit and transported the vehicles themselves, one at a time. this continued for months until ford motor company awarded tex his own franchise in september of 1951. to this day, tex holds the record for the youngest franchise owner in ford history... and that ain't no bull!

learn more 





       



giving back to the community
the earnhardt family's dedication to the well-being of the community dates back decades. the tex earnhardt foundation benefits many programs in arizona such as phoenix children's hospital foundation, boys & girls club, hospice of the valley, arizona humane society, united food bank and many more. inspired by the earnhardt family, many employees participate in no bull charities, an employee funded program that donates to arizona charities.

see more 








     






earnhardt careers
earnhardt auto centers employs thousands of arizonans throughout the phoenix metro area. we are always seeking talented individuals to fill a wide-variety of open positions. from sales associates to technicians, we are sure to have something that excites you.
we offer health and dental plans, on-site healthcare, paid vacation, retirement plans, employee discounts and more. we look forward to hearing from you!

explore benefits 





     










×


2nd chance sports gear drive now through february 29, 2024
keeping kids active and involved in sports is a top priority for many valley parents, but sometimes the cost of equipment can be too much. that's why abc15 arizona is partnering with earnhardt auto centers, big 94.5, kmle and live 101.5 for the 2nd chance sports gear drive. read more...


close





         





home


shop new


shop used


specials


careers


about us




                            


family-owned and operated, earnhardt auto centers has something for every type of car shopper. our brand-specific phoenix area dealerships are home to a generous variety of new cars, suvs, trucks, hybrids and electric vehicles. our full service repair shops help phoenix drivers stay on the road. no bull financing handles competitive loans and leases, and our online sales department lets customers buy or trade cars from home.

            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | earnhardt auto centers | 7300 west orchid lane, chandler, az 85226 | sales: 888-820-3377             




















           