




namasta | yoga, massage, pilates, tai chi resources, liability insurance





























































call us: 1-877-626-2782
login




membership

associate membership
professional membership
faq


sign up
services
press & resources
contact

search











homepagejoin the thousands of other mind-body and bodywork professionals already enjoying the benefits ofnamasta membership.sign up nowprotect yourself instantly. access affordable professional liability insurance for:massage therapistsyoga & pilates instructorstai chi & qigong teacherspersonal trainers and fitness instructorsand many other healing arts practitioners.  find out more enjoy membership benefitsreceive holistic carelegal helpfree mentoringsave on supplies,mats, websites andstudio software. discover more

protect yourself instantly

access affordable professional liability insurance for yoga, pilates, tai chi, qigong teachers and healing arts practitioners like you, open to all traditions.
membership benefits

receive holistic care, legal help and free mentoring. save on supplies, mats, websites and studio software.
discover more membership benefits.
join today

join the thousands of other mind-body and bodywork professionals like you who are already enjoying the benefits of namasta membership.

choose your membership level.

there are two membership options and many reasons to join.
associate membership
professional membership
or compare both membership levels side-by-side.



discover the benefits.

access affordable
liability insurance.
save on supplies.
free alternative
health card.*
legal services.*
complimentary
mentoring session.
free listing with a
large us directory and
referral service.
receive discounts
on studio software.

discover all
membership
benefits…


*denotes a us benefit only.


about us


founded in 2003, namasta, the north american studio alliance, was the first to specifically serve the needs of massage, yoga, pilates, qigong, tai chi, and other bodywork and mind-body professionals like you. over the years, our community has grown to serve thousands of members across the united states and canada.
namasta has been featured by such prestigious media organizations as npr, entrepreneur magazine, us news & world report and integral yoga magazine.

we focus on professionalswho practice and/or teach: yoga, yoga therapy, tai chi, qigong, meditation, mbsr, pilates, personal training, nia, zumba, dance, movement therapy, open floor, gyrotonic®, gyrokinesis®, ageless grace, massage therapy, bodywork, rolfing, reflexology, reiki, energy work, eft,  sound healing, holistic health coaching, craniosacral therapy, acupressure, breathwork, thai massage and many more.

we spanthe united states and canada.

we started in2003.

we deliverconvenience, value, comprehensive benefits and personal customer service.



what others say about us.



“namasta offers a treasure trove of benefits for members committed to growing their holistic business. why spend your time researching and coordinating all the pieces (liability insurance, health benefits, discounts on supplies, etc.) when namasta puts it all together for you at a lower cost?”
megan mcdonoughbusiness yogini and marketing expert, kripalu certified and member of namasta 
“namasta is an organization i recommend to any mind-body professional who wants support along with time saving tools for building a successful business.”
annalisa cunninghamyoga retreat leader, iyt certified, massage therapist, member of the advisory board of namasta
“namasta can help you get cheaper class liability insurance and other resources for your schools.”
bill douglasfounder, world tai chi and qigong day, author of the complete idiot’s guide to tai chi and qigong, namasta member
“i could not be more happy with my relationship with namasta. i am an inventor in the mind/body realm and having an having access to insurance and a membership organization that is supportive, encouraging and helpful has been great! it’s really given me an energetic boost in several situations where i am pioneering. it is greatly appreciated.  they help in other ways like networking and other proactive positive ways!
i highly recommend namasta to any professional in the mind/body fitness arena.”
paul widermaninstructor and inventor, smartbells


as seen in














ready to sign up?
enjoy the benefits of namasta membership.


join now
   

membership associate membership
professional membership
sign up now
renew my membership
log in to my account

--------------------------------

latest newsletter articlestai chi and qigong in your communityoctober 20, 2024 - 7:00 am5 ways to run a yoga studio effectively and ethicallyseptember 20, 2024 - 7:00 amthe creation of cancer wellness tv – how i learned from my students to achieve a greater goalaugust 20, 2024 - 7:00 am sign up for free newsletter
insurance  liability insurance for yoga, tai chi, qigong, pilates (us)
liability insurance for massage, bodywork, yoga (canada)
--------------------------------
tagscancer
movement therapy
peaceful space
qigong
safety
tai chi
teaching community
wellness
yoga
yoga safety
yoga studio
yoga teaching
services holistic care
legal services
studio software discounts
lighting solutions
credit card processing merchant services
email marketing tools
dental plans
health insurance
distance learning
free legal report 
contact us 1-877-626-2782
followon twitter about us
our valuestestimonials






by using this site you agree to the terms of use | privacy | site map

© copyright 2003 - 2025 namasta















scroll to top




