






waldheger coyne - a legal professional association





















































about
attorneys

brian a. cook
michael p. coyne
james d. egleston
thomas m. ehrnfelt
walter f. ehrnfelt iii
mary j. giganti
david m. hritz
rachel a. maver
justin t. powell
ronald j. waldheger


services

business, employment & tax planning
dentists & dental transactions
dispute resolution, mediation & arbitration
employee benefits
employment law
estate planning, trust administration & probate
family law
litigation
mergers & acquisitions
new technology, startup & financing
physician and health law
real estate law
veterinary practices
white collar & criminal defense


careers
contact
blog
 


select page


  
 
 











waldheger • coyne
a boutique law firm that believes in a personal touch

about our approach














practical, effective, and efficient legal solutions
business law is complicated, but finding the right legal team to represent you personally or professionally doesn’t have to be.
at waldheger • coyne, we appreciate the complexities of our clients’ situations,  and we thrive on finding them the most practical, effective, and efficient legal solutions.

view our areas of practice























































































our style is simple.
we are straightforward and approachable. with more than 40 years of experience practicing law, there is nothing we haven’t seen or done. we take a unique approach to business, corporate, health, real estate, and municipal law by removing the challenges associated with large law firms and instead focusing our attention on what’s most important: resolution.
simplify your legal situations with our law firm. learn more about our progressive and personal approach to law.

learn about our approach







meet our team





explore practices





more about us



 







address 1991 crocker rd., #550
cleveland, oh 44145

phone 440.835.0600

fax (440) 835-1511

 



website design & development by company 119 

















