


akumulate pips - forex trading | forex opinions | forex tutorials














































site search by picosearch.  help








akuma99 moves
tuesday, october 31, 2006

ok time to put this baby to rest, this domain is soon going to not exist any more. all theory articles etc. have been moved here while my new blog with opinions and a trading experiment is over here.please update you bookmarks if you still want to read my mindless ramblings. the subscription service has stopped also (has for a while), sorry about that but i ran out of hours in the day.happy trading!





akuma99 returns
wednesday, july 05, 2006

boo!!scare you? ... na didn't think so (bit hard to scare no-one). well it's been yonks since i posted anything here, not too sure why to be honest, i think i got sidetracked on other projects and forums and just ran out of energy in the end. if you are wondering where i have been, most of my discussion (and a trading manual i just completed) is over forex factory.my ther site, http://www.beginnertrader.com is still up and running, but yet again i don't think i have been paying enough attention to it, plenty of e-books there though so feel free to go and have a look when you have some time. in terms of trading, things are moving along just fine, yet to purchase that boat i dream of, but i'll get there :) little baby lachlan, is not so much of a baby any more (8 months), there he is to the right, aint he a cutey!i think it is time now for me to knuckle down and focus on this trading game, time to make some serious money and get out of the rat race that is sydney life, so i will start posting some trades here again so i can digest the decision making process. one thing you will notice is the recent addition of murrey math to my trading methods, after some research and back/forward testing, i have been quite impressed with what it offers. i use very little indicators these days, just fibs, trend lines, chart patterns and murrey math, it will become clearer once i start posting some trades in upcoming days.i hope you are all well and trading profitably (if any readers remain after so long), i look forward to the upcoming months which i view as make or break for me to change my lifestyle.happy trading!





when oprah stops you trading
friday, march 24, 2006

hi all,it's been a while, i was kept away from the markets for a while, then after that deliberately hid away. trading can be a taxing endeavour (in both senses of the word), the market is a real moody beast, and any guy that is married will know, pay attention to those that are moody! it was because of this i had to step back, stop writing here, halt the alerts for a while, stop updating beginnertrader.com unless someone else contributed and just take stock, i wasn't paying attention.one of my weaknesses is over-exuberance, not really outwardly if you meet me in person, quite a calm fellow really, but inside my head many an idea will spawn. sometimes it take a smack over this same head to realise when i am doing too much, in this case, a couple of weeks of poor trading (not losing weeks .. just but poor trading weeks) did the trick. my entries were early, my exits were late, my decisions rushed and my big toe hurt to buggery thanks to another over-exuberant teammate on the soccer field.so i took some time off .. stepped away from the markets, did some reading and got back to the basics. i didn't even bother trading demo accounts or paper trading, instead i got outside, played some sport, spent some time with the better half and mini me, and just got away from it all. the result? ... a +450 pip week this week and a much clearer mind. everything is about balance, good old newton told us that way back when, so you would think we would have got it by now."screen time" as it is called around the web (i.e. staring at charts for extended periods), is beneficial, don't get me wrong, getting the repeatable patterns into the subconsience can help, but once screen time becomes, mindless staring, it is probably time to shut the trading platform and take an extended break.for me i knew i had reached that point when my trading behaviour became very sloppy, for others it could be when you start visiting the oprah website, or start thinking porn sites are educational, and you go there only for the articles. whatever the sign is, drag your tired, bloodshot eyes from the screen and get some sunshine, it is a wonder what the outside world contains, and believe me you'll trade better for it.happy trading!









live results:
+0 pips (+0)
last week: -16
live calls total: +1585
history of live calls >>
to receive the live calls, subscribe to the yahoo analysis service here. (236 subscribers)




good reading
title: currency trader magazine
author: -
price: free!
description: a free currency trader magazine in pdf format. granted half of it is full of ads, but without those ads they would have to charge. worth having a look.
					



theory

adx
candlesticks
chart correlation
compounding
divergence
fibonacci
forex 101
indicator types
moving averages
pivot points
stop losses placement
trade logs
trading the news
trend lines
what to trade
when to exit
when to trade




subscribe for free



					enter your email address to receive notification of new articles on akumulate pips!



141 subscribers so far



trading tools

fibonacci grouping




soap box

better to be rich or wealthy?
computer vs brain
finger freeze
have you traded naked?
joe ross on indicators
self defeating indicator?
the humbug trader
why i trade




featured website
 
trade2win
http://www.trade2win.com
					if you are looking for a great source of information, chat rooms and forums, then trade2win could be the place for you. the site covers not only forex but stocks, futures, options etc. highly recommended, and look for me on the forums.



sponsors






previous

akuma99 moves
akuma99 returns
when oprah stops you trading
akuma99 temperature
finger freeze
a change of tact
zigzag article at beginnertrader.com
new site is online!
new site a day away
authors: a good question




forex links

my e-book collection
baby pips
forex trading hours
economic news calendar



