


famous quotes / quotations about liberty









  
famous quotations / quotes
famous quotes about liberty 

 famous quotes, quotations, sayings, phrases, idioms, proverbs, and axioms about liberty and the responsibility that comes with it. 
  

the oxford dictionary of quotationsa classic since 1953 with over 20,000 quotes from over 3,000 authors.
famous last wordsapt observations, pleas, curses, benedictions, sour notes, bons mots, and insights from people on the brink of departure
stretch your wingsfamous black quotations for the young
american quotationsan exhaustive collection of profound quotes from the founding fathers, presidents, statesmen, scientists, constitutions, court decisions
the oxford dictionary of humorous quotations
last words of saints and sinners700 final quotes from the famous, the infamous, and the inspiring figures of history
america's god and country: encyclopedia of quotationscontains over 2,100 profound quotations from founding fathers, presidents, constitutions, court decisions and more
the lawthis 1850 classic is an absolute must read for anyone interested in law, justice, truth, or liberty. a most compelling and revolutionary look at the law.
bartlett's familiar quotationsa collection of passages, phrases, and proverbs traced to their sources in ancient and modern literature (17th edition)
the stupidest things ever said by politiciansrise up, america -- and laugh out loud at the greatest gaffes that no spin doctor could possibly fix!
the 776 even stupider things ever saidanother great collection of stupidity
quotable quoteswit and wisdom for all occasions from america's most popular magazine
the most brilliant thoughts of all timeyou don't have to be a genius to sound like one. here's a collection of the most profound and provocative wit and wisdom in the english language in two lines or less.
2,715 one-line quotations for speakers, writers & raconteursinvaluable sampler of witticisms, epigrams, sayings, bon mots, platitudes and insights chosen for their brevity and pithiness.
phillips' book of great thoughts funny sayingsa stupendous collection of quotes, quips, epigrams, witticisms, and humorous comments for personal enjoyment and ready reference.
quick quips and quotes; 532 things i wish i had saidquick quips and quotes is the ultimate collection of one liners.
bartlett's book of anecdotesthe ultimate anthology of anecdotes, now revised with over 700 new entries.
quotations for public speakersa historical, literary, and political anthology
liberty - the american revolutionthis compelling series traces the events leading up to the war and america's fight for freedom.
founding fathersthe story of how these disparate characters fomented rebellion in the colonies, formed the continental congress, fought the revolutionary war, and wrote the constitution
libertarianism: a primerdavid boaz, director of the cato institute, has written a simple introduction to libertarianism inteneded to appeal to disgruntled democrats and republicans everywhere.
the libertarian readerclassic and contemporary writings from lao-tzu to milton friedman
thomas paine: collected writingsall the classics: common sense / the crisis / rights of man / the age of reason / pamphlets, articles, and letters quotes are organized by name and category.

if you'd like, join us on the liberty tree daily quotes emailing list for a daily dose of liberty quotes in your mail box.  leave us your email address to subscribe.
email:





here's the daily quotes log to date.


cryptograms!
do you like cryptograms? we've got thousands!


authors
indexed quotes by author or speaker.

categories
browse quotes by category or select from the list below.




abortion quotes




abuse quotes




academia quotes




accomplishment quotes




action quotes




activism quotes




addiction quotes




adversity quotes




advice quotes




advocacy quotes




africa quotes




agenda quotes




aggression quotes




agnostic quotes




agriculture quotes




alcohol quotes




alienation quotes




altruism quotes




altruist quotes




ambition quotes




america quotes




anarchy quotes




anger quotes




animosity quotes




anonymity quotes




anti-semitism quotes




apathy quotes




appeasement quotes




aristocracy quotes




arms quotes




army quotes




arrogance quotes




art quotes




association quotes




attitude quotes




australia quotes




authoritarian quotes




authority quotes




autocracy quotes




autonomy quotes




balance quotes




banking quotes




bankruptcy quotes




batf  quotes




beauty quotes




behavior quotes




belief quotes




benevolence quotes




betrayal quotes




bias quotes




bible quotes




bigotry quotes




birth quotes




birth control quotes




black quotes




blowback quotes




body quotes




bondage quotes




boycott quotes




bribery quotes




british quotes




brutality quotes




build quotes




bureaucracy quotes




business quotes




canada quotes




capitalism quotes




career quotes




censorship quotes




centralization quotes




cfr quotes




change quotes




character quotes




charity quotes




children quotes







(c) copyright 1999-2025
privacy policy and terms of use




