








bangkok tonight - guide to bangkok nightlife, entertainment, hotels










 








feb 18, 2025, 7:27 pm






massage


oil/thai traditional
bangkok spas
outcall massage
thai massage
taxi tippers




bars


pool bars
sports bars
bar fines
go go bars
rooftop bars




clubs


soi 11 clubs




discos


glow bangkok




night clubs


main
g-club pricing structure




events


main




hotels


airport
chaophraya
ploenchit-petchburi
ratchapisek
sathorn-silom
sukhumvit
siam pratunam




tips


first visit
currency exchange




maps


sukhumvit road
new petchburi road
ratchapisek road
bts/mrt map




pictures


set 1
set 2
set 3
set 4
set 5
rca
soi cowboy
patpong
nana plaza




others


books
links
restaurants
thai language
site map











bangkok tonight
newsletter

 first name: 

  email:



subscribe
unsubscribe

















 






hotels near nana district
hotels near soi cowboy
hotels near pat pong
apartments
articles on bangkok
bars in bangkok
books
contact us
directory
disco
clubs
escorts
exotic bars
forum
forum archives
book your hotels
 bangkok
 huahin
 pattaya
 phuket
 krabi
 koh samui
 chiang mai
 rayong

thai language
links
living here
maps
massage
namecards
night clubs
pictures
restaurants
search
tips
tell a friend
site map






bangkok nightlife, entertainment, accommodation, hotels





ladies' night @ mixx - october 28th, 2020


drip wednesday dj kay x t-double e & mc verssace x dandee @ sugar club - october 28th, 2020


voodoo juicy friday @ levels - october 30th, 2020


uncensored sundays with faahsai & mc mastermind @ insanity nightclub - november 1st, 2020


 welcome to bangkok, voted the best city for nightlife! find out where to party and relax if you're holidaying here, or if you're on business, where to entertain your clients or your friends. there's something for everybody! at 22.78 million visitors, bangkok is the most visited city in the world, according to mastercard's "global destination cities index 2019" report. bangkok also known as krungthep to the locals, which means "city of angels". krungthep is actually an abbreviated version of its full name, which is the world's longest name. recall that song, “one night in bangkok”? well, one night simply isn't enough! you'll definitely want to spend more than just one night, perhaps a week at least, or even a month. you may want to know, where to stay in bangok, if you're a first timer. you may also want to get a massage to start off your day or after a long day/flight. find out the various types of massages bangkok has to offer. if you're feeling a little too lazy to get out, you can always use the outcall service.
there is always something for everyone here. if you like clubbing check out the bangkok club listings here, or perhaps you’d like to enjoy a beer watching your favorite sport, you can find a few places in the bars section – sports bars. if prefer playing a few racks of pool, you can choose from a list of bangkok pool bars, and you may find some very good players to test your skills with too. other than bangkok's legendary nightlife, there are plenty of other places to visit as well. some other activities, be it shopping, sightseeing, experiencing the vibrant bangkok nightlife or tasting the best thai food here.
bangkok’s traffic jams are legendary, so knowing where to stay will certainly save you a lot of time. you will probably want to know which of the bangkok hotels are located near the skytrain (bts) or the subway (mrt). this will help you get around the city with greater ease. here is a list of hotels near the bts/mrt.
here are a few sections (go-go bars, beer 
        bars [to hang out and listen to a live band]; pool bars, discos, lounges, clubs, night clubs and gentlemens clubs (enjoy your nights in bangkok), bangkok hotels, 
        body massage parlors,  thai 
        traditional massage and oil massage parlours, 
        bangkok restaurants and interesting places in bangkok, thailand) that we 
        feel would be useful-to-know, to make your night out in bangkok more fun. 
        if you have any suggestions, please contact us 
        and tell us your ideas, and we will incorporate that into this site wherever possible.
for newbies or first-timers to bangkok, check out the tips 
        section and the first visit to bangkok 
      page as well.
last updated: april 3rd, 2020

 























features:

start your evening drinks with a view from the rooftop bars.
for your reading pleasure, check out the forum archives
here's something to keep you occupied in the daytime – bangkok walking adventures
check out the sukhumvit soi 11 clubs if you're planning on staying somewhere along that soi.
useful bangkok tonight forum threads
(newbies please read the useful 
          information here - free)
more bangkok tonight links.
pattaya hotels listing here.
eden club, bangkok faq (frequently asked questions). 
girl/guest 
          friendly hotels in bangkok. short time 
          hotels.
massage parlors near bts/mrt stations.
sukhumvit road area (bangkok) hotels.
bangkok serviced apartments
budget hotels in sukhumvit area
bangkok maps : sukhumvit 
          (hotels and night spots) area, ratchadapisek 
          rd (hotels and body massage parlors), new 
          petchburi rd (body massage parlors) lists, body massage parlours, bars, discos 
          and hotels.
the thai language section will help you to 
          learn some thai language - some common thai words, and some thai words 
          not taught in school. arm yourself with some thai words.





bookmark this url and visit 
it as frequently as possible, as we will post new places as we find them. 
if you find this site useful, please tell your 
friends, and if you have any events or parties that you'd like to broadcast, just let us know. we'll post it as soon as possible on our bangkok nightlife listings.

there's 1 user online












 














enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


bangkok2night.com














pool bars, bars | 
go-go bars, specialty bars | 
books | 
bangkok discos / clubs | 
tips | 
night clubs
bangkok massage parlors | 
bangkok hotels

search | 
thai language | 
links | 
bangkok maps | 
bangkok restaurants
home | blog | forum archive | 
tell your friend | 
bangkok tonight site map | 
contact | 
privacy policy

 copyright © 2001-2025 bangkok tonight



