

















outreach and engagement, the ohio state university |












































ohio state nav bar
skip to main content


the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state








logo link to homepage





outreach and engagement

site search







open site search



go to site search




site navigation
menu











about

about outreach and engagement
vision and mission
priorities
engagement offices
office of outreach and engagement team
news and announcements
partnership principles



resources

resources overview


faculty and staff


faculty and staff overview
faculty and staff grants and funding
engagement scholarship journals




students


students overview
columbus-athens schweitzer fellows program
service-learning opportunities
student organizations
leadership and community engagement





community engagement programs

arts and humanities
community/economic development
energy and environment
food production and security
health and wellness
international
stem
student and alumni programming
youth development/k-12



events and opportunities

outreach and engagement funded programs
patterson lecture
university outreach and engagement awards
roads scholars day
national and regional conferences
sponsorships
newsletters
provost's discovery themes lecture
community engagement conference








 



engagement homepage




 
















creating impact with our communities
ohio state is dedicated to extending teaching, learning and research beyond our campuses by engaging communities - elevating the quality of life for the people of ohio and beyond.






grants and funding opportunities
learn more



engaged scholarship
learn more



professional development
learn more












community engaged scholarship at ohio state








watch as four of ohio state's faculty - nyama mccarthy-brown, mary rodriguez, susan melsop and william miller - share their thoughts on the importance of engaging the community in their research and teaching.



































engagement news












february 11, 2025
engaged scholars: eric anderman














january 28, 2025
kevin mcclatchy: using the arts to support ...














january 23, 2025
ohio state early head start program to expa...














january 15, 2025
community connectors: cynthia dougherty







timely topics



apply today for the annual osep awards



in collaboration with ohio state energy partners (osep), the office of academic affairs has opened a call for grant proposals that align with the university's sustainability goals; align with advancing access, engagement and inclusive excellence goals; or promote research translation. submissions are due march 17. faculty, staff and students are eligible to apply. awards range from $10,000 to $50,000.
learn more and apply





 "spark" grants for arts engagement



funded by the mellon foundation, spark grants provide seed funding for community-engaged arts projects. the competition is open to faculty, students and staff members on any ohio state university campus for projects that center the arts and that are done in partnership with community organizations. proposals involving communities served by our regional campuses are especially welcome and will receive priority consideration. proposals are due march 17.
learn more and apply





outreach and engagement graduate student engaged scholar seed grants



the office of outreach and engagement is offering seed grants to support graduate students to undertake community-engaged research or community-engaged projects, in collaboration with a community partner, that address a specific need or problem within the community. funding must be for work that is essential to the student's dissertation, thesis or exit project for their degree program. apply by feb. 25.
learn more and apply





application open: outreach and engagement documenting impact grants



applications are being accepted for the outreach and engagement documenting impact grants. grants support program evaluation and impact reports for community-engaged research or community-engaged projects, in collaboration with a community partner, that addresses a specific need or problem within the community. applications are due feb. 25.
learn more and apply





ohio state engages january newsletter



check out the january ohio state engages newsletter! this issue has information on several funding opportunities, an introduction to provost bellamkonda, the community connector q&a with cynthia valdez and more! 
read more






see more news











engaged scholars


ohio states engaged scholars have made significant community impacts with their partners and important contributions to the universitys culture of engagement, further strengthening the institution's commitment to supporting communities.









 


12.2024
dr. paula meijerink
read more









 


11.2024
dr. townsand price-spratlen
read more









 


09.2024
dr. sharon amacher
read more






+ engaged scholars











resources for you







faculty and staff

learn more







students

learn more
















twitter

































address
office of outreach and engagement
university square south
15 e. 15th ave.
columbus, oh 43201













email us
engage@osu.edu









accessibility


sitemap

 
give to ohio state


privacy statement

 
non-discrimination notice



© 2025. the ohio state university








