


glendoick garden centre in glendoick































jump to content





welcome to
glendoick garden centre
read more



visit the glendoick
garden café
visit our café

previousnext

 








open today from 09:00 until 17:00 







contact



about us & finding glendoick



videos



jobs



rhododendron problems



glendoick gift vouchers



dogs at glendoick














­ 






home



departments




plants



gardening: compost, tools, feeds, weedkillers, pots and lots more



home & gift



fashion



foodhall



christmas 2024



furniture



christmas trees 2024 tayside forestry @ glendoick





garden tips



visit gardens



garden café



furniture



mail order rhododendrons



glendoick gift vouchers








­ 




















 








family owned garden centre since 1953
rhododendrons & azaleas mail order
gardening,  gifts,  fashion  and  foodhall      cafe
 open 7 days       dog friendly   finding glendoick
 












welcome to glendoick garden centre, an award winning and independently owned family business.
glendoick's nursery was founded in 1953 by euan and peter cox
glendoick garden centre opened in 1973 and run by tricia cox. jane cox expanded the cafe and established the foodhall. 
owners peter and kenneth cox are world-renowned rhododendron experts
glendoick have bred and launched over 100 new commercial rhododendron and azalea hybrids.
peter and kenneth cox have written over 20 books on rhododendrons and other horticultural subjects.
 









our departments 



 

outdoor plants

 



 

houseplants

 



 

gardening

 



 

furniture and outdoor living

 



 

fashion at glendoick

 



 

foodhall

 





youtube video player 










glendoick- so much more than a garden centre 











ken cox’s woodland gardening book, the definitive work on the subject is now available in our webshop
order woodland gardening now
 
  









background 





this month... 





books by glendoick owners peter & kenneth coxglendoick's owners. peter & kenneth cox have written over 20 books on rhododendrons, plant hunting, scottish gardens and gardening. 4 of peter & ken's books, scotland for gardeners, seeds of adventure and fruit and vegetables for scotland  were uk garden books of the year. woodland gardening was european gardening book of the year 2014
books are available at glendoick garden centre and mail order

books on rhododendrons, azaleas, woodland gardening, plant hunting
woodland gardening glendoick publications 2018 winner european gardening book of the year 2018-19
glendoick, a guide, glendoick publishing
rhododendrons and azaleas: a colour guide, crowood press 2005.
 
now out of print:
riddle of the tsangpo gorges by frank kingdon ward. new edition, ed. kenneth cox, antique collector’s club 2001, 2007  now out of print
seeds of adventure peter cox, peter hutchison, antique collectors club 2008   now out of print
for more details on all the cox books click here
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
kenneth cox best selling scotland books
for more details on all the cox books click here
garden plants for scotland,   frances lincoln 2008 (kenneth cox with raoul curtis machin)
scotland for gardeners  birlinn 2009  2nd edition 2014  winner inspirational garden book of the year 2009. garden media guild
fruit and vegetables for scotland   with caroline beaton,  birlinn 2012  winner garden reference of the year 2012
gardening made simple      glendoick publishing 2021  kenneth cox
for more details on all the cox books click here
to order kenneth cox books click here  










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 












the history of glendoick
the story starts in dundee, a port on the east coast of scotland, which until recently was known for three things: jute, jam and journalism. the cox family were integral to the jute story in the 19th and early 20th centuries: the family firm...
read more 









instagram 





 
















subscribe to our newsletter

we store your data securely according to our privacy policy. 


first name
 

email address
 

 















glendoick garden centre
glendoick
perth, ph2 7ns
t. 01738 860260
e. gardencentre@glendoick.com
email café: manager@garden-cafe.co.uk
tel café: 01738 718926
 





quick link
about us
product range
garden tips
mail order & rhododendrons
visit woodland gardens
events
work at glendoick
 





policies
environmental policy
plant guarantee
local delivery
privacy policy
cookie policy
 





glendoick garden centre is open 7 days a week 9am-5pm
it opens at 10am on sundays in winter.
glendoick is closed for the first few days of january each year.

fb
ig
tt
yt
pt
 






© glendoick garden centre
garden connect
garden centre guide
privacy policy
 








 

















