





marine fiberglass and gelcoat repair in sacramento


































skip to content








call us today! 1(916) 635-5424 














  


search for:








homeservice & repairfiberglass & gelcoat repairpolyflake repairdry rot repairboat restorationlow friction coatingshardware installationhardware installation on cored decksgeneral fiberglass repairscomposite mfg.marine compositeindustrial compositecustom compositesblogtestimonialsrequest quotecontact 









 





 


 


 


 





 





morrison marine


home 








morrison marinemorrisonm2021-12-15t09:58:31-08:00

marine fiberglass and gelcoat repair

fiberglass & gelcoat repair
bring new life and restore the original beauty of your boat. at morrison marine, our experienced craftsmen can fix minor scratches or make major repairs to your fiberglass and gelcoat. our painters elaborately prepare the work area prior to beginning the hull preparation. we carefully correct any deficiencies in the gelcoat prior to the application of the paint.
more…

polyflake repair
ok, so you’ve scratched the metalflake on your new boat, or you’ve got a few battle scar. no problem, because morrison marine are professional fiberglass repair pros. your boat’s made in layers. the outside layer is clear gelcoat. under the clear gelcoat is the sparkly metalflake that is now called polyflake. call us to make your boat look new again.
more…

dry rot repair
the dry rot that’s visible may only be a tell-tail sign of the real damage. dry rot can spread through stringers to the transom or motor mounts. morrison marine can replace the wood, re-fiberglass and coat the surface. then we will bring your boat back to like-new condition. call us today!
more..
boat restoration
marine composites
industrial composites
cored deck hardware




 
 





our location morrison marine
marine fiberglass and gelcoat repair
2347 gold river road unit i
sacramento, ca 95670
(916) 635-5424 phone

 

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2021 morrison marine | all rights reserved | designed by tech-line | protected 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link






























































































 


go to top




