
















out of the woodwork








































































out of the woodwork



poetry, poetics, with occasional forays into other arts and politics

























































































monday, december 07, 2020








professional recordings at studio loco, montreal





 me and martin bennett, recording engineer and music arranger at studio loco, montreal. in the last year we've professionally recorded some 20+ songs, including a five-song (+ one poem) ep, on this shore, and a growing batch of singles. guest artists include, from top down below the one of me, ellwood epps (trumpet), jeff deeprose (violin), chard chenier (harmonica), michael rien (drums) and back vocalists ema jean and leesa mackey.  for listening, downloads, lyrics and commentary, visit briancampbell.bandcamp.com 





posted by



brian campbell




at

1:14 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, may 03, 2018







for a complete list of upcoming events, see "news"





for complete list of upcoming events, see "news" on my website. 






posted by



brian campbell




at

5:04 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, april 04, 2018








i do house concerts!








i've done house concerts, mostly on an informal basis; i love to do them, and would like to do more, so i just produced this brochure. click on it to see large. i play mostly in the montreal area. if you'd like to host a house concert with me as a featured performer, please contact me at beedeecee@videotron.ca









credit goes for joy ike for inspiring it, with her excellent blog posts about doing house concerts. i pride myself on originality, but much of the text and formatting are frankly drawn from hers, which she has given permission to do with this acknowledgement. thanks, joy!  






posted by



brian campbell




at

1:06 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, november 12, 2017








a wartime reminiscence








willard eldrin campbell (1924-2011), who served in the canadian army during wwii in france, the netherlands and germany. picture taken in 1943, when he was 19.





this is an excerpt of a letter
written by my father, willard campbell, to his older brother leslie in 1974. i post this because i believe it is well worth sharing: any reader who has the time and inclination to read it,  i'm quite sure, will find elements of strong historical and literary value. the letter tells of the coming of age in the 1930's of a farm boy in cape breton, nova scotia; the development of his political consciousness through following in the halifax herald the travails of the spanish civil war; of his first romances, and the effects on a small cape breton town of the onset of world war ii.  it ends with some telling details of sailing back to england on a hospital ship after being wounded in the battle of the scheldt, holland.



at the time of the writing, willard
had just passed fifty. after the war and much moving about all over the country, he settled and raised his family in toronto. in his life, besides being a farm hand and wwii veteran, he was a factory worker, journalist, trade
unionist, mature university student, and school teacher/librarian. among his
many affiliations he had been, from the 1930’s to the early 1950’s, an active
member of the communist party of canada. his brother les had been a cape breton
coal miner and later, a lathe operator in vancouver; likewise he had been a soldier in
world war ii, and during peacetime, active in trade unions and many progressive
causes. les died last year, at the extraordinary age of 107. my father passed away in 2011 at
87 after a lengthy struggle with alzheimer’s.

—brian campbell, montreal, november 12, 2017





                                                  
                                                 toronto, march 22,
1974

dear les,



thanks for the birthday letter. it was good to hear from you
again. no need to be apologetic about your letters; they are always fresh and
interesting. you write easily and fluently—in your own voice, so to speak. that
is how letters should be written. mine tend to be miniature essays, laboured
and self-consciously wrought. i approach words in the manner of a priest
approaching his altar. it is not good, this tongue-tied reverence for the word.
but i’m stuck with it; it’s been with me so long. old faiths die hard. 



i am now certainly an “ol’ boy”, as you said in your letter,
with a half century behind me. looking back at my life so far, i am impressed
most of all by how much of a muddle it has been. yet i tried to impose a
pattern and purpose on it—tried to more deliberately than most people, i
believe. nevertheless, what stands out in retrospect is an excessive amount of
wasted time and motion. this is not something to be particularly depressed about;
it is simply a phenomenon to be wondered at. i recall a picture you took of me
when i was four or five years old, probably when we lived on main street in
sydney mines. i am sitting on some boards—or was it a bundle of shingles?—and
looking very thoughtful. on the picture you wrote the words, “i was ’sinkin’.” yes,
looking at that picture one would certainly say, “now there’s a fellow who’s
going to think his way through life.” but i haven’t been especially good at
that. in fact, if i were to single out a primary weakness in my makeup it would
be that i do not do enough serious thinking as i go through life. i do a lot of
dreaming, but not nearly enough thinking. now i suspect that the little fellow
sitting on the shingles wasn’t thinking at all. he was dreaming instead. 



politics, as you know, has been a major preoccupation and
influence most of my adult life. it all began when i was scarcely into my
teens. the smoking ruins of malaga and cordoba…remember? blown up photographs
(in black and white) of the tagged and numbered corpses of children lying in
the pavement in madrid… “bombs plummeted into the market place”, the news
stories ran. 



the summer i was 13 years old—1937—the war was going from
bad to worse for the loyalist forces in spain. i remember waiting, with a
feeling something like dread, for the daily news of the war that appeared in
the halifax herald. the newspaper reached us a day late in boularderie in those
days, and i used to draw a peculiar comfort from that fact when the news from
spain was especially bad. that it was yesterday’s news made it seem less
threatening, as if it were past history and therefore not immediately relevant.
paradoxically, good news from the
battle fronts did not suffer in the least for being old news; as i read it my
heart pounded happily and i tingled all over, as if the victory was being won
before my eyes that very moment.



how emotionally committed i was to the loyalist cause! some
wit—i think it was chesterton—once paraphrased shakespeare with the saying:
“hell has no fury like the non-combatant.” well, the fury felt by that farm boy
in boularderie was real enough, i can tell you. i seethed with hatred for
franco and his fascist generals, and wept in frustration over continuing
loyalist defeats. if someone had given me a rifle and sent me over, i would
have given a good account of myself! but thirteen-year-ol’s were given no such
opportunities, alas, no matter how genuine their heroic impulses. so i followed
the exploits of the mac-paps in the clarion with a mixture of hero-worship and
envy, and in the meantime waited anxiously for the herald to deliver its daily
disasters.



i used to walk to mcdearmid’s mailbox every day, just before
noon, to pick up our mail. it was a short walk that i usually enjoyed, and i would
set out, barefooted, accompanied by rex [our family dog], down the road and
over the little bridge that spanned the brook. but on those black days of
loyalist defeats, the trek to the mailbox to get the herald and the latest news
was painful. in order to dispel the gloom somewhat, along the way i used to
fantasize about the war, conjuring up images of headlines in the herald
proclaiming magnificent loyalist victories. “spanish insurgents suffer heavy
losses.” “franco’s forces crushed at toledo.” loyalists triumph on all fronts.”
as i walked in the summer sunshine up the hill toward mcdearmid’s gate, my
dream factory would be working full blast: “dancing in the streets of madrid.” “gigantic
victory celebrations for spain in moscow, paris, london.” then i would be
confronted by the mailbox, and the dreams would vanish. i’d pick up our day-old
copy of the herald. sometimes i would be surprised to find nothing at all about
the war on the front page, and i would have to look inside to some obscure
column for the bad news.



april 1



ah, how nostalgic i have become! oscar wilde once said that,
for the english, nostalgia affords the occasional light lunch, but for the
irish it is breakfast, lunch and supper! so perhaps it’s the irish that’s
rising in me just now. but i suspect it’s your letters that set me off.



you probably don’t remember ann gibbons. she lived on pond
street and was related to the mcmullens, and distantly to the jobes’. i met
ann—we nicknamed her “red” because of her bright red hair—when she stayed for a
few weeks with hughie and flora in the fall of 1938. i was fourteen years old,
three years her junior, but the awkward disparity in our ages did not prevent
us from becoming lovers. perhaps that was because i was big for my age, and
worldly wise, too, in my way. as i have said, her hair was the colour of fire. this
contrasted with her skin, for she was one of those people who possess a
complexion almost totally devoid of colouring. i have to his day a distinct
memory of her face: the high cheekbones, the green eyes with heavy lids
suggestive of sleepiness, the full, pale lips, the alabaster complexion. but
this description evokes an image of some cold, remote goddess of purity, and
ann was anything but that. she was loudly gregarious, a fun-lover who affected
a coarseness of manner. she liked nothing better than to tell obscene stories
in mixed company—much to the discomfort of us country folk. we used to gather
at hughie’s on those nippy fall evenings; angus and neilie saw, sadie mae
jobes, ann and i, along with hughie and flora and their bairns. we’d sit around
the stove telling stories. i recall neilie shaw’s brick-red face and downcast
eyes whenever he had to suffer through one of ann’s ribald “jokes”. yet, as i
have said, this roughness of ann’s was an affected manner; a town girl acting
up among her country cousins. i perceived this from the beginning of our
acquaintanceship, and although i found the public affectation attractive
enough, i longed to know the real girl underneath.



one evening soon after we met we were drawn together. i can
no longer remember how it occurred: a sudden, shared secret, perhaps, that
separated us from the rest, or possibly nothing more than a silent meeting of
eyes across the room. who’s to say, and who can expect a fourteen-year-old boy
to mark such events? (perhaps ann knows more: the female of the species has a
talent for such things, i’m told.) so a few nights later we made love on the
cold, damp grass of the jobes’ slopes, under a white october moon. oh, it was
all panting and grabbing and kissing, and not much more, but the mystery and
sheer excitement of it stirred me to my very roots! she was my first adult
love, and i was exceedingly proud, and nothing could dampen my spirits on our
first night together, but i must tell you this: her breath was sour! yes, this
is true! (we retain acute perceptions of such moments.) but could that matter
so much? i was so happy that she found me attractive. does a boy need any
better proof that he has come of age?



how many miles did we walk, i wonder, in those october days!
i see us crossing the fields hand in hand, following the wood paths to the
vacant farms; we even explored the lake shore below mcdearmid’s one moonlit
night, and sat on the white rocks, hugging each other for warmth in the raw
night air. one evening, after we had walked from the jobes’ to the schoolhouse,
i persuaded her to come with me to john d. macintire’s, ostensibly to get a
cold drink of water from their pump. actually, my purpose was to show her off
to my school friends. i vividly recall how francis, angus, john alex and mary
macintire crowded around us to have a look at the exotic town creature that i
had with me. such small triumphs stay with us through life!



and what was she like away from the crowds, this wildcat
with the ribald tongue? she was a surprisingly simple girl, and much more
reticent than anyone might have guessed. (i once tried to tell neilie shaw what
she was really like, but he refused to believe me. he was convinced that ann
and i were enjoying violent, unbridled, red-hot sex every night we went out. neilie
was an extraordinary fantasizer.) once i became familiar with ann’s secret,
quiet side, i was astonished to see her don the mask of vulgarity whenever we
joined our friends at hughie’s. courseness was her defense in company—just as
quietness was mine. when we were alone together, we both changed: she grew
silent, and i became talkative.



and how i talked and talked! there was so much to say, so
much informing and explaining to be done! the tragedy of spain; the despicable
anschluss; the treacherous munich pact (just signed the previous month); the
sudetenland threat. how she must have marveled at the erudition of this country
lad! (or perhaps she had already been warned by her cousins about the strange
beliefs of these campbells. perhaps her long silences and her shy, quiet
questions were her own skilful politics at work. i will never know.) but
politics is extraneous to the relationship of the sexes, when it comes to love
making. marxism is neither improved nor diminished by a kiss; no social
revolution erupts when a boy and girl press their bodies together in the
moonlight. i did not know these things at the time. it took me many years to
learn the difference between life and living. so i talked on, trying to draw
her deeper into my world, but succeeding only in building higher walls between
us. 



yet, for all the attention i gave her, my feelings for ann
were neither clear nor consistent. (what she really thought of me, i probably
had no idea.) a fourteen-year-old boy has no established patterns of behaviour
when it comes to the opposite sex. there are no strong precedents; he is
essentially an explorer. and so our romance waxed and waned, as it were, until
she returned to sydney mines at the end of october. we said goodbye carelessly,
without regrets, and with little thought for the future. this happens too, when
you are young and feeling your way. but after she was gone a strange thing
happened to me. infatuation set in more strongly than ever, almost like the
condition of relapse that ill people sometimes suffer. i longed for her night
and day, and moped about the farm dreaming of her. and, at the first
opportunity, i went to sydney mines to recapture her love.



but, as you can probably guess, the game was lost. we walked
along main street like two strangers, with scarcely a word to say and not
daring to hold hands in such a public place. i recall that she wore a new
winter coat, with a coloured scarf—the coat was beige, and looked white under
the street lights. i must have looked out of place with my knee-boots, belted
leather jacket (badly worn), and my old leather cap with the earflaps. i had no
money to take her to the movie or the restaurant, so after some aimless store
gazing we turned down pond street and walked to its very end, where there is a
wooden fence and beyond that a field which leads i don’t know where. we
embraced there in the dark, far from the town’s lights, and there was no moon,
just the lights from houses further up the street. afterward we talked a little
about hughie and flora and sadie mae and the others, and then we walked back up
pond street, and the chasm between us was wider than before. by the time we
parted at her house, we had grown so detached that we shook hands! my heart was
bursting, but i was helpless in the face of this incomprehensible strangeness.
i walked back toward town biting my lip and fighting back the tears.



i nursed this infatuation for a year—and what a year it was,
with the old homestead burning down, the move of the entire family to sydney
mines, to millville, and back to sydney mines, and then the outbreak of world
war ii. although i saw ann once or twice around town, i never spoke to her
again. my chances of rebuilding our romance had further dimmed with the war
crisis: the soldiers were in town. they were billeted in the old general
office, and tents were going up in the fields beside chapel road. the soldiers
tramped through town, looking almost foreign in their new uniforms and jaunty berets.
young girls on the street pushed each other and giggled whenever a soldier
walked by. they were the talk of the town. it was not an auspicious time for a
sexually precocious fifteen-year-old without money or, for that matter, a
decent pair of pants. but i was not alone; there were a number of young fellows
in the same position. and fortunately, there were at least a few girls who did
not go raving mad over the uniformed invaders. early in 1940 i met one: helen
maclean, a tall, carefree brunette from burchell street, who instantly became
my best girl and sidekick. i did crazy things with her: i recall one
sun-filled, windy day in early spring, down by the cliffs off shore road, i
clambered to the top of a billboard, crawled along and hung from the middle—my
boots striking the face of the chic lady holding the winchester cigarette—while
helen screamed with laughter on the ground below me. but that’s another story.
helen was the balm that healed the wounds of my first grown-up romance, and for
that i am everlastingly in her debt. i thought little more of ann gibbons until
sometime later in the summer, when malkie mcmullen told me that ann was engaged
to marry a soldier who was stationed in sydney mines. need i say that i felt a
stab of anguish? but memories were fading, and by the time i left for ontario
in the fall the romantic affair of two years earlier was all but forgotten.






i heard no more of ann until four years later.
in the fall of 1944 i was on a hospital ship in the english channel, returning
to blighty with other wounded men from europe. i struck up a conversation with
a soldier sitting beside me on the deck, and knew at once from his speech that
he was a maritimer. it turned out that he was from florence, and before long i
learned that he knew several of the matthews boys, as well as other sydney
miners. ann gibbons flashed into my mind, and i asked him if he knew her. “i
know who she is,” he said, “and it’s funny you should mention her. my sister
told me in her last letter that ann gibbons died—in childbirth, it was. her
first baby, too.” i sat in silence, my mind trying to grapple with the reality
of what he had said. in a sense, she had been dead for me for several years,
and now the announcement of her death only served to make her live again in my
memory. as the hospital ship plied its way toward the coast of england, i
dreamed of those boularderie nights when ann and i walked through the woods and
fields and along the shore, of the october moon that never deserted us, and of
the bewilderment of a fourteen-year-old boy growing painfully to manhood.





posted by



brian campbell




at

4:01 pm



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, february 24, 2017







si bhaeg, si mhor -- my first music video





 
si bhaeg si mhor from brian campbell on vimeo.





posted by



brian campbell




at

6:43 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, june 30, 2016







vase, a video poem





 
vase from brian campbell on vimeo.

a video montage of "vase", a poem in shimmer report.





posted by



brian campbell




at

4:26 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, june 16, 2016







shimmer report toronto launch






friday, june 17, 2016, 8:00 pm – 10:00 pm



the westin harbour castle, toronto, 1 harbour square, toronto. chartroom bar and lounge, just off the main lobby.



an informal reading and launch of shimmer report; open mike.  event taking place alongside the canadian writers’ summit.  for all who are coming, i look forward to seeing you there!





posted by



brian campbell




at

11:02 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, january 25, 2016








resonance reading series feb. 2, 2015













posted by



brian campbell




at

11:14 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















ekstasis reading launch jan 30, 2015















posted by



brian campbell




at

11:12 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, january 17, 2016








poetry as fact-finding: "mountain" and the mount royal tunnel







in this intriguing ctv news video, "forbidden montreal: inside the mount royal tunnel", we see the railway tunnel through montreal's mountain.  the tunnel also appears in my poem, "mountain", in shimmer report.  wikipedia tells us itl was built in the early years of the last century to give the cnr access to downtown montreal. by any reckoning it was a major project, and is still the second longest railway tunnel in canada. funny, i wrote the poem without knowing of its existence. after penning the poem, i went online to see if we had indeed, as i say in the 4th line, "tunnelled through" our mountain, and discovered we had! poetry, too, can be a form of fact-finding.

mountain


we’ve placed a cross on your shoulder, 

erected a transmission tower,

planted a spindly flag.



we’ve tunneled through you,

necklaced you with roads, paths, 

apartments, mansions clutching 

like pearls at your throat.  



you, who pressed forth

forced by unrelenting magma, 

who rose

earthen breast, back

primordial.



now the city gathers round,                                         

temples, spires

obeisant to your deep bass voice—

but freeways, office buildings, industrial parks

oblivious. 



we live beside you in tiny flats

watch phantasmal screens,  

eat, recline, 

groom ourselves for the daily backandforth

squirm into leather

for nights in halogen town.



still—certain hours—you block the sun:

chilled by your encroaching gloom,

we peer from windows, terraces, to see you 

throw off our ropes and stays, to loom.



-- from shimmer report (ekstasis editions, 2015)







posted by



brian campbell




at

4:00 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, october 15, 2015








photos from shimmer report launch, oct. 14, 2015










































about forty guests came to this launch at the word, a storied, steadfast brick-and-mortar bookstore in the mcgill ghetto.  among those pictured above: adrian king, owner of the word, et moi (picture 2 from the top); cora siré et moi (7); maxianne berger & jean-pierre pelletier (8); jan jorgenson & her husband ted (9); myself & my wife, jocelyne dubois (10); elise moser, cora siré, & hugh hazelton (11). many books were signed and sold.  thanks adrian and donna for hosting the event and arranging the food & drinks, to all of you who attended! it was a great evening!





posted by



brian campbell




at

7:41 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, september 16, 2015








shimmer report montreal launch: the word, oct. 14








it's just been confirmed: the montreal launch of shimmer report, my latest collection of poetry, will be taking place at the word, 469 milton st, on wednesday october 14 at 7:30 pm.





posted by



brian campbell




at

4:29 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, august 14, 2015








victoria bc launch of shimmer report













posted by



brian campbell




at

7:50 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, june 11, 2015








shimmer report in ekstasis catalogue







the ekstasis editions catalogue is now online, with shimmer report in it.  the book won't be out until august or september, but you can order in advance here. 

here's the text which will appear on the back of the book:

shimmer report tells of a couple who do not fall in love so 
much as ascend together into love from their own dark places. he, a 
poet, musician, teacher; she, a visual artist and author, has also had 
to endure the psychiatric system. life and love are but a shimmer—but 
this is a report on hard realities, as well as on flashes of colour, 
delight, and whimsy. 



years of suffering
like gas into flame
have drawn air 
into your light—
a leaping, lambent figure 
in mist, burning bright
“shimmer report is a book of searing honesty and shy 
grace. to read its poems becomes an act of witness as brian campbell 
explores his city and his heart, evoking the requirements of love as 
well as the vexed nuances of survival. i admire his courage.”
~ mark abley, author of the tongues of earth 

“in brian campbell’s shimmer report, the poet asks, 
“what dilemma is this now?” using urban, multi-language montreal for a 
backdrop, and a palette of telling details in shades of wit and 
compassion, campbell explores today’s creativity and relationships 
through echoes and upshots of complicated pasts. these are poems of love
 and survival—in spite of, and because of, the curiosities of the world 
we live in.”
~ maxianne berger, author of un renard roux/a red fox





posted by



brian campbell




at

9:20 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















shimmer report: cover





the cover of my upcoming book with ekstasis editions... the image is detail from a painting by my wife, jocelyne dubois.










posted by



brian campbell




at

9:02 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, april 17, 2015








reading at lapalabrava, last thursday, montreal







me reading a selection of poems from shimmer report.





posted by



brian campbell




at

8:29 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, march 31, 2015








shimmer report to be published by ekstasis

























great news! my latest poetry manuscript, shimmer report, has been accepted for publication by ekstasis editions. it's to come out this fall.






posted by



brian campbell




at

11:18 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, february 19, 2015








review: zachariah wells -- career limiting moves







my review of zach wells' career limiting moves is up at rover.
















suffering fools badly


zachariah wells isn't one to shy away from an argument. his collection of critical writing career limiting moves is pugnacious, hilarious, and illuminating.


roverarts.com

















posted by



brian campbell




at

7:27 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, february 08, 2015







book recommendation: conversations with a dead man: the legacy of duncan campbell scott by mark abley







duncan campbell scott (1862-1947) was a disturbing enigma.  a career bureaucrat, he was the overseer of
canada’s destructive aboriginal schools policy—but also one of our country’s
important poets.   it was natural for mark abley, a fine poet
himself as well as socially concerned journalist, to imagine bringing scott
back to life in order to have a conversation. 
the ghost story—or more precisely, a series of interviews with a ghost
visitor—is a superb narrative strategy, injecting humour, irony, and drama into
what could have been a pretty dry slog had abley simply followed a more conventional research paper format.  abley portrays scott as a product
of his time, and yet open to persuasion; he contrasts mores, manners, mentality
and even linguistic usage in a way that wouldn’t otherwise have been possible. 
an absorbing and delightful read!  highly recommended…








posted by



brian campbell




at

10:55 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, february 04, 2015








nina bruck video + cbc interview








from julie bruck's fb page:


for friends of nina b's, a video by raphael bendahan, that ends with her chapbook launch reading.

also, cbc books has re-posted david gutnick's mini-doc on nina from the sunday edition.

http://www.cbc.ca/books/2015/02/listen-nina-bruck-on-publishing-her-first-book-at-85.html
it's a tonic for me to see and hear the fully-engaged nina of 8 years ago. she so enjoyed her 15 minutes of fame, and she would have loved this, too.  (--julie bruck)





























posted by



brian campbell




at

7:46 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me





brian campbell


montreal, quebec, canada
brian campbell is a poet, singer-songwriter, editor, translator, photographer and teacher.  his third full-length poetry collection, shimmer report, was published by ekstasis editions in 2015.  he is also the author of remnants of autumn (2016), a private collection (2014),passenger flight (signature editions, 2009), guatemala and other poems (1994) and undressing the night (editorial lunes, costa rica, 2007), a translation of the selected poems of francisco santos. his poetry, reviews and essays have appeared in numerous reviews.  a finalist in the 2006 cbc literary award for poetry, he is also co-founder/editor of sky of ink press, which prints quality poetry chapbooks.  his independent music cd, the courtier’s manuscript, was released in 2002. his recent music recordings can be found on bandcamp. 

view my complete profile



visit my website


briancampbell.ca




shimmer report








passenger flight:








undressing the night





visit the blog...



sky of ink press books


brian campbell: a private collection
raphael bendahan: sit up
jocelyne dubois: hot summer night
nina bruck: still light at five o'clock




followers











blog archive




blog archive
dec 2020 (1)
may 2018 (1)
apr 2018 (1)
nov 2017 (1)
feb 2017 (1)
jun 2016 (2)
jan 2016 (3)
oct 2015 (1)
sept 2015 (1)
aug 2015 (1)
jun 2015 (2)
apr 2015 (1)
mar 2015 (1)
feb 2015 (4)
dec 2014 (1)
nov 2014 (1)
sept 2014 (1)
aug 2014 (1)
mar 2014 (3)
feb 2014 (1)
dec 2013 (2)
nov 2013 (1)
oct 2013 (2)
sept 2013 (3)
jul 2013 (2)
jun 2013 (2)
may 2013 (1)
apr 2013 (1)
dec 2012 (1)
nov 2012 (1)
sept 2012 (2)
jul 2012 (1)
jun 2012 (4)
may 2012 (7)
apr 2012 (3)
feb 2012 (4)
jan 2012 (4)
dec 2011 (1)
sept 2011 (2)
aug 2011 (1)
jul 2011 (3)
jun 2011 (2)
may 2011 (5)
apr 2011 (2)
mar 2011 (6)
jan 2011 (6)
dec 2010 (2)
nov 2010 (5)
oct 2010 (7)
sept 2010 (2)
aug 2010 (7)
jul 2010 (8)
jun 2010 (4)
may 2010 (6)
apr 2010 (1)
mar 2010 (4)
feb 2010 (7)
jan 2010 (12)
dec 2009 (21)
nov 2009 (10)
oct 2009 (7)
sept 2009 (8)
aug 2009 (16)
jul 2009 (16)
jun 2009 (4)
may 2009 (13)
apr 2009 (20)
mar 2009 (11)
feb 2009 (10)
jan 2009 (11)
dec 2008 (16)
nov 2008 (19)
oct 2008 (20)
sept 2008 (11)
aug 2008 (11)
jul 2008 (20)
jun 2008 (15)
may 2008 (16)
apr 2008 (13)
mar 2008 (10)
feb 2008 (13)
jan 2008 (11)
dec 2007 (9)
nov 2007 (13)
oct 2007 (17)
sept 2007 (24)
aug 2007 (18)
jul 2007 (16)
jun 2007 (13)
may 2007 (9)
apr 2007 (21)
mar 2007 (10)
feb 2007 (15)
jan 2007 (15)
dec 2006 (17)
nov 2006 (15)
oct 2006 (12)
sept 2006 (9)
aug 2006 (6)
jul 2006 (2)
jun 2006 (16)
may 2006 (11)
apr 2006 (19)
mar 2006 (11)
feb 2006 (13)
jan 2006 (14)
dec 2005 (18)
nov 2005 (11)
oct 2005 (15)
sept 2005 (21)
aug 2005 (12)
jun 2005 (14)
may 2005 (16)
apr 2005 (12)
mar 2005 (13)
feb 2005 (8)
jan 2005 (4)
dec 2004 (10)
nov 2004 (10)
oct 2004 (8)
sept 2004 (5)






poet bloggers i read most often


andrew shields
c. dale young: avoiding the muse
catherine hamm: all your fault
collin kelley: modern confessional
david kosub: speaking of poems
debra ager: 32 poems
eduardo corral: lorcalorca
george murray: book ninja
greg rappleye: sonnets at 4am
indran amirthanayagam
jilly dybka: poetry hut blog
jonathan mayhew: bemsha swing
josh corey: cahiers de corey
joshua robbins: little epic against oblivion
kieth wilson: robotto mulatto
levi asher: literary kicks
lisa allender writes
mark woods: woods lot
mary biddinger: wordcage
matthew thorburn: now then
nick bruno: they shoot poets
olivier de la paz: pugnacious pinoy
peter pereira: the virtual world
pris campbell: songs to a midnight sky
rob mclennan
robert archambeau: samizdat blog
ron silliman: silliman's blog
sandy longhorn: kangaroo among the beauty
seth abramson
sina queyras: lemonhound
todd swift: eyewear
vehicule press blog
victoria chang
zach wells: career limiting moves




associations


canadian league of poets
quebec writer's federation
literary translator's assoc. of canada
writer's union of canada
canadian poetry association
poets.org (academy of american poets)




local venues


atwater poetry project (mtl.)
lawn chair soiree (mtl.)
noches de poesia (mtl.)
the word: toronto literary calendar




poetry audio / visual


the continental review
audible word
the favourite poem project
penn sound
poetrypoetry.com
factory school audio archive
pocast.com




other poetry / writer sites


poetry quebec
the rover
influency salon
montreal gazette books section
arc portage
ubuweb
poets who blog
places for writers
gazebo message board calls for submissions
online guide to writing in canada
here comes everybody
the page
poet's ink (alberta)
famous poets and poems
gwilym lucas eades: ashes
gwilym lucas eades: eskers
gwilym lucas eades: falcon in the bell tower
art history club: poetry
literary rejections on display
poetry connection
poetry net
haiga pages
olson now
cento magazine
poet seers
robert bly
dana gioia online
rw watkins
allan wolf (poet/teacher/performer)
l=a=n=g=u=a=g=e archive
palabra virtuel
eratosphere




fun/illumination


maven's word of the day
a.word.a.day
one minute writer
big think
jay rosen: pressthink
ted talks
6 billion others
kittenwar
a softer world
the phrontistery
the daily show
blogger play









dormant / defunct poet blogs


alberto romero bermo
david leftwich: eclectic refrigerator
jordan davis: equanimity
michael hoerman's pornfeld
reginald shepherd
simon dedeo: rhubarb is susan
tim yu
zotz (malcolm davidson)







other worthy poet bloggers


13 ways
a.d. thomas: ironic points of light
amanda auchter--ed. pebble lake review
amy unsworth
anne haines: land mammal
anthony robinson
bill allegrezza
bill knott
blaugustine
brent goodman: brother swimming beneath me
carolyn marie souaid: ampersand (montreal)
chris murray/tex files
cr jenson: kinemapoetics
dumbfoundry
emily lloyd: poesy galore
gary sullivan: elsewhere
geof huth
george orwell
gina franco: ghostword
great american pinup
greg perry: grapez
henry gould: hg poetics
ivy alvarez
jasper barnes
jeffrey bahr: whimsy speaks
jennifer boire: muse mother
john paul fiorentino (montreal pq)
joshua robbins: epic against oblivion
jr carpenter (montreal): lapsus linguae
jukka pekka kervinen: machine language
julie carter: little pill
k. silem mohammad: limetree
kelli russell agodon
loren webster: in a dark time
mark lamoureux
marts sepulveda
mike snider: sonnetarium
nick piombino
paul guest
pearl: poetry springs boing
rachel dacus: rocket kids
rebecca loudon: radish king
robert peake: code poet
sarah kearnes: revolutionary sweetheart
stan apps
stephen morrissey
steve mueske
steve schroeder: schroederâ€™s law
teresa ballard
thomas basbã¸ll
tim botta: nice guy syndrome
tim peterson
tony tost: unquiet grave
ululations
vince tinguely: illiminitable reality wreck









the obama watch


huffington post
democracy now!
whitehouse.gov












































simple theme. theme images by luoman. powered by blogger.
























