home | bank of york


homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   got it, thanks!  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentbank of york  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking

savings

online & mobile banking

retirement accounts

safe deposit boxes

additional services



business


checking

savings

online & mobile banking

commercial online services



lending


personal loans

home loans

business loans



resources


enroll for estatements

financial calculators

fraud & identity theft

debit cards & card controls

faqs

open an account

community reinvestment



about


about bank of york

contact us

locations & hours



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign infirst time user? enroll nowforgot password 

banking from your phone?


download our app for ios

download our app for android



  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchbank of york   mobile banking

want to stay on top of your finances? download our mobile banking app today.

download app    mortgages

we’re here to help whether you're a first-time buyer or looking to refinance.

explore mortgages    open an account

join bank of york and experience the difference of a bank that’s truly invested in you.

open an account play main slider/pause main slider 
debit card controls

manage your card directly from our app.

debit card controls  
contact us

reach out to our friendly support team.

contact us today  
fraud protection

rest easy knowing your money is secure.

explore fraud protection  
reorder checks

reorder checks in just a few clicks!

reorder checks  
report lost debit card

lost your card? we've got your back.

report a lost or stolen debit card  
billpay

quickly and securely pay your bills online.

explore billpay   open an account online
need to open a new account but don't have time to visit us? 
bank of york now offers online account opening.  explore our account options today!
 
get started     mobile deposit
deposit checks anytime, anywhere.

explore mobile deposit   bank of york
we've been community banking since 1935 and we're proud to say you're family. 
bank of york is a true community bank and the oldest one in york county.      locations to serve you  our main office is in the heart of york, sc, and our other branches help us serve all of york county  and surrounding areas better. find a location near you.  committed to our customers  bank of york is built on and anchored by a dedication to customer service.  we put customers first. contact us for all your banking needs.      go paperless with estatements
our estatements provide a secure, convenient, and environmentally friendly way to access your account statements anytime, anywhere.
enroll for estatements    find your nearest bank of york branch or atm
whether you’re running errands around town or traveling, you can easily locate the nearest branch or atm to access all of your banking needs.
find a location    ready to elevate your business?
we offer a range of flexible business banking solutions designed to help your business thrive. whether you’re a small start-up or an established company, we’re here to support your growth.
explore business banking play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topbank of york routing # 053207106phone # 803-684-bank (2265)

helpful links


reorder checks

open an account

contact us

locations & hours

lost card

cra (community reinvestment)

security

accessibility





terms & conditions

privacy policy

©  bank of yorkequal housing lender 
