  oakland city center: the heart of downtown oakland      
 

skip to content

 



 
menu



 oakland  city center the heart of downtown oaklandoakland
city center
a lively urban district situated in downtown oakland, california, city center is a dynamic center of activity featuring a blend of office buildings, retail outlets, and live entertainment options. renowned for its stunning architecture, including the iconic oakland city center plaza, this area offers class a office spaces and various dining establishments. its central location provides easy access to bart and nearby federal, state, and city buildings.
properties



 
view properties


events



 
find latest events


businesses



 
check out the stores


host your next meeting or conference at oakland city centerplanning a corporate gathering, training session or brainstorming workshop?
planning a corporate gathering, training session or brainstorming workshop, our conference center offers a versatile space that can be tailored to meet your specific requirements.  to make the best impression, reserve a private and professional conference room in oakland city center with comfortable furniture, high-speed internet, kitchen facilities, state-of-the-art presentation equipment or anything else you need to produce your best work.



 
host your next conference


100+local 
storefronts99%walkable 
score89%transit 
score88%bikeable
score25+free 
events1mone million  
sq. ft.oakland city centerour retail tenants






























contact usyour name


your first name



your last name
email
phoneyour messagecommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 









 something for everybody.
the right mix of shopping and
dining for tenants and visitors.nationally known retail and dining along with local favorites.


look for office leasing



 

connect

 
follow us on facebook


 
follow us on instagram
exploreoffice leasingconference centerdining & shoppingoffice leasingconference centerdining & shoppingquick linksaboutcontactparking & directionsaboutcontactparking & directions
© 2024. oakland city center. all rights reserved.built withby wellington studio   



 

homeaboutoffice leasingconference centercalendardining & shoppingvisitsite planwhat’s nearbyparking & directionscommuting options


contact us

           

