




your irc superhighway - irchighway




































 







toggle navigation







irchighwaywebchatforumrulesirchighway rulesacceptable use policynetwork linking policyprivacy policyvirtual host policyhelpi'm new to ircbotserv helpchanserv helpmemoserv helpnickserv helpvhost helpopers



				you are here:  
			


						home					










welcome to irchighway

 
in order to connect to our network, use the following address in your client: irc.irchighway.net it will automatically redirect you to a server close to your location. the ports we support are 6660 to 6669 and 7000. for connections through ssl use port 6697 or 9999.  now, you can even visit us through your browser. try our webchat if you are new to irc please check out this article: i'm new to irc we hope you enjoy your stay on our network  - the irchighway staff -









						network upgrade complete					


we have now completed the networkupgrade to inspircd2 and anope2
 
there is problem to connect to the network with old mirc that are older than 7.30 possible newer, please upgrade to the latest.








						registration reopened					


after some problems with our registration, it is now possible to login with facebook, google plus and twitter or create a direct account again.








						new website					


because of problems with the old website, it had to be retired at once.
 
this new website does still not have all functions of the old website, but we will keep looking at it and try to improve it :)
 
we have decided to start on a clean slate, so we have not imported user or posts... so please make new accounts.
 
 










login


 
 
 





username



password





				  	remember me				 






 



                    forgot your password?



                    forgot your username?



                        create an account




latest forum

no posts to display.


kunena statistics


top topics
hits


[solved] irc says that my username is already used...

15



[]   #join ebooks

9



can't connect to irchighway using mirc and how to ...

8



[] unable to connect to irchighway.net

7



opendns blocking access to irchighway....suggestio...

5
















					back to top				


				© 2025 irchighway			




