



adopt a spot dalmatian rescue inc.






































adopt a spot dalmatian rescue inc.
dedicated to finding homes for abused and abandoned dalmatians.






  

home

 mission statement
we at adopt a spot dalmatian rescue, inc. are dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation and rehoming of dalmatians and to help control  the animal population by spaying and neutering dalmatians before they are placed in “forever”  homes.  we are committed to placing dalmatians in only permanent homes, where they will receive good, loving and humane treatment. one of our primary goals is to provide the public with education material and presentations about the breed and its needs. we try to assist owners in understanding their dalmatian so that they do not give their dalmatian up.

if eyes could only tell
owner surrenders considered on a case by case basis 
(we can assist you in placing your dal)




  we are not taking any dalmatians.  we will try to help local dalmatians in the shelter but that is all right now.  we do have have a couple dogs that will be available once they are released from medical so stay tuned.




 

click to join our yahoo group
 
 

 
 

we are approved for combined virginia
campaign (cvc)  # 7844
donate a thundershirt!


 
 
 









upcoming eventsno events to showhome
about us
available dals
all about adoptions
adoption/foster application
how you can help…

donate
fostering
volunteer opportunities
adopt a vet bill
wish list


adopted dogs
volunteer forms

home visit report
foster home report


rainbow bridge
contact info: 
adopt a spot dalmatian
        rescue, inc.
p.o. box  9375
chesapeake, va  23321

info@adoptaspotdalrescue.com
ein:  16-1628033

 

 
 

combined federal  campaign #98137
 

shop online??  click on the logo to earn money for adopt a spot
 


we use patented kuranda dog beds because they are durable, chew proof and easy to clean. if you would like to donate a bed to us, click here.
 




			ocean mist 2.0 theme is available from tenbytwenty.com | designed by ed merritt 4x.wp.om.20.em adopt a spot dalmatian rescue inc. is powered by wordpress 









