



attack of the 50 foot dvd!






















50 foot dvd recommends
                          america lost & found: the bbs story! 







a proud
												
										member of




written contents copyright attack of the 50 foot dvd and respective authors where noted. images may have been reproduced from films or other sources for the purposes of review. 











a buyer's resource for science fiction, horror, and cult movies on dvd. 










the herculoids: the complete series (1967)"when you're ten years old, this is the coolest damn thing ever." more...13 assassins (2010)"it would be easy to pass 13 assassins off as miike's attempt to play at kurosawa - some of the scenes have a resonance that suggests seven samurai - but that would be lazy indeed. unlike the earlier movie, assassins eventually becomes a rumination on the very nature of the samurai class,  and the changing face of bushido." more...frankenstein jr. and the impossibles (1966) "frankenstein jr. is a giant robot, very
much in the gigantor
mode, who is built and controlled by two-fisted
boy scientist, buzz conroy. in a futuristic civic city, they take on
more giant-sized menaces controlled by villains with such names as
dr. shock, mr. menace, dr. hook (but no medicine show) and baron von
ghoul. conveniently, buzz always seemed to build into frankie exactly the gadgets required to defeat these monsters." more...forbidden world (1982)
"in
one of the extras on this disc, makeup supervisor john carl buechler
reminisces about one of his techs asking him, "is this just a sleazy alien rip-off?" to which buechler replied, "yeah, but it's going to be the best sleazy  alien rip-off." that's a pretty dubious competition to find oneself in, but it has to be admitted, forbidden world is somewhere near the head of that pack." more... 
batman: under the red hood two-disc special edition (2010)
"probably one of the most irksome things about modern comics concerns death. firstly, the subject was largely verboten
in the field for decades, but most modern four-color fantasies seem to
have become litanies of murder, so much so that the dc universe should
be severely under-populated by this point." more... 

















  










                          www 
                          
                          50 foot dvd 
 













justice league: crisis on two earths 2-disc special edition (2010)black dynamite (2009)moon (2009)fear[s] of the dark (2007)
district 9: two-disc edition (2009)
the objective (2008)
sauna (2008)
terminator salvation - widescreen edition (2009)
star trek - two disc special edition (2009)
g.i. joe: the rise of cobra - two disc edition (2009) 
superman/batman: public enemies two-disc special edition (2009)
demon warriors (2007)
ulysses (1954)
green lantern: first flight two disc special edition (2009) 
watchmen (directors cut): two disc special edition (2009) 







13 assassins
battle beyond the stars
bloodrayne: the third reich
the cape: the complete series
damnation alley
dinocroc vs supergator
dylan dog
george romero presents deadtime storiesd vol. 1
the herculoids: the complete series
hobo with a shotgun
insidious
oblivion
[rec] 2skidoo
source codetrailers from hell, vol. 2
uncle boonmee who can recall his past lives
witchmaker: the legend of witch hollow
women in cages collection 









