


john's conservative thoughts
























    
	john's conservative thoughts
	
  
my rants and random thoughts.  comments welcome.






friday, june 15, 2007




	 wow or trent lott bashes talk radio
	 



      i am so confused by the republicans today and this kind of stuff isn't helping. comments by republican senators on thursday suggested that they were feeling the heat from conservative critics of the bill, who object to provisions offering legal status. the republican whip, trent lott of mississippi, who supports the bill, said: “talk radio is running america. we have to deal with that problem.”a very sad day.
    


posted by john at 1:45 pm

       |
      0 comments






thursday, june 14, 2007




	 liberals - the party of disdain or hate the right
	 



      proof positive that the liberals in positions of power are corrupt have a deep disdain for the right. i guess if angelina jolie can try muting free speech by banning fox news and making journalist sign contracts for interviews, liberals everywhere see justification in coming out of the closet and showing their true colors.from the article: radio station wiod likely will remain broward county's official channel for emergency information despite concerns it is also home to conservative talk show host rush limbaugh.county commissioners said they were deluged with complaints from throughout the country wednesday after they questioned whether to cut their ties with the station because of their dislike for limbaugh. by the end of the day, a majority of commissioners vowed to renew wiod's agreement next week.this is a group of county commissioners that wanted to end an "emergency brodcast" contract with a radio station because the radio station airs rush limbaugh.
    


posted by john at 9:58 am

       |
      0 comments






sunday, june 10, 2007



	 
	 a surcharge on people
	 
    


      democrats seek a surcharge on people who are too successful.  from the article linked below a 4 percent surcharge on income over $200,000 for families and $100,000 for singlesclick here for the article"our plan is as simple as can be. and only 2 percent of the whole population would have to pay it," said leonard e. burman, director of the tax policy center. the plan has the added benefit of abolishing the complicated amt at all income levels, burman said, an approach some lawmakers find attractive.again, a surcharge on people who have been successful.  i question the "only 2 percent" statement.  i'd like to think that more than two percent make over 100k.    this is purely a redistribution of wealth and an effort to further advance class envy.  you want to eliminate the amt? then stop spending so much money!!!
    


posted by john at 2:21 pm

       |
      0 comments






friday, may 18, 2007



	 
	 may have to switch parties
	 
    


      sorry for not posting in while, but between being busy and not being able to access the new google account, i just haven't spent the time to get up to date.  much more on this later, but i cannot accept what the republican party is doing on the issue of immigration.  very seriously looking at a new party.  even if my congressman and senator vote against this, and i am not even going to check on that, the party is moving away from the conservative principles in which i believe.  i fear i can no longer support the republicans in any way, and i fear for them that many many feel the same.
    


posted by john at 9:53 am

       |
      4 comments






thursday, november 09, 2006



	 
	 election comments
	 
    


      i really only have one comment on the elections.  how long will it take before we start hearing how peachy things are in iraq?  january is my guess... we'll start hearing how every thing is lovely in iraq, nothing will actually change, but it will appear as though all is well there now that the democrats are in charge here.  i'll take that though, it's better than just pulling out.  no more daily negative news reports on the subject. it'll expose the media bias, but only to those of us who notice.  one more comment (ok so i have two), how long before the media starts reporting on our booming economy?   how long before the democrats start taking credit for that booming economy?  how long before they screw it up with tax hikes?
    


posted by john at 8:16 am

       |
      0 comments






monday, october 30, 2006



	 
	 sekula gibbs rally in sugar land
	 
    


      couple of pictures from tonight’s rally at sugar land airport.  president bush talked for 40 minutes or so and gave a terrific speech.  i am glad my wife, son, and i were fortunate enough and to obtain tickets and make the rally.  the president's speech was great, the excitement was wonderful, and the event was well attended by many republicans and texas politicians.



posted by john at 8:23 pm

       |
      1 comments






saturday, october 28, 2006



	 
	 vote!
	 
    


      i voted yesterday.   texas has a great early voting system and i always take advantage the opportunity to beat long lines at the polls.  the wait was a little longer this year than in past years because of the new electronic voting machines.  between figuring out the new system and spelling out shelley sekula gibbs, everyone was taking a little extra time in the booth.  i had to wait maybe 10 minutes for my turn at the machine.   using the machine was relatively painless, but i still wish i had the old “fill in the circle with a number 2 pencil” ballot.    ok, nick lampson (and shelley for that matter) you can stop sending me ads in the mail.   get out and vote!
    


posted by john at 5:33 am

       |
      0 comments










quotes from the left

*hillary clinton, d, ny - "we're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good."
*joe biden, d, de - "my state was a slave state. my state is a border state... my state is anything from a northeast liberal state."

previous posts

wow or trent lott bashes talk radio
liberals - the party of disdain or hate the right
a surcharge on people
may have to switch parties
election comments
sekula gibbs rally in sugar land
vote!
political contributions
range report
religion of peace

archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
september 2005
october 2005
january 2006
march 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
may 2007
june 2007


about me

name:  john 
location:  sugar land, texas, united states 
view my complete profile




daily reads

druge report
george w. bush
mad ogre
defense tech
geeks wit guns
right wing news
kim du toit
cryptic subterranean
mostly cajun
powerlineblog
little green footballs
head's bunker (currently down)
conservative eyes
gun self defense
texas rainmaker
the law dog files
handgun defense

local news and politics

texas safety forum
rhymes with right














 















 
















