ï»¿



express world











express world







express had a humble beginning in the year 1946 with the name of express transport pvt. ltd. since then we have operated under this name until the year 2012. considering the changing global business scenario we thought it only prudent for our company to truly reflect our true portfolio.



express equipment rental & logistics pvt. ltd. is a premier player when it comes to crane rentals. our fleet of cranes includes mobile hydraulic cranes ranging from 8 metric ton to 450 metric ton and crawler cranes from 20 metric ton to 300 metric ton capacity.



express engineering construction pvt. ltd. is renowned quality manufacturers and trader of a varied high-tech engineering components, products & services.



a professionally managed confectionery venture with a range of extremely popular products of biscuits, cookies, cakes, indian breads, indian sweets, etc. 



landmark and luxury star properties that have become the first choice of the discering business traveler.



with was experience of over 4 decades into various service sectors and our presence in warehousing equipment & logistics solutions.



urbanpod next generation smart hotel caters to both your business and leisure needs.


welcome to express world.
an exciting collage of diverse business ventures, which have left an 
                                        indelible impression on the indian corporate landscape.
from multi-surface logistics to heavy equipment rentals, from five star
                                hospitality to enticing confectionery, the group has created a value driven
                                portfolio of businesses, which are catering successfully to the
                                varied palate of customer preferences, across the length and
                                breadth of the country.
innovative solutions, premium service and
                                customer 

                                    each company is today a trendsetter in its
                                    own right and possesses immense potential
                                    and powerful drive to compete and succeed
                                    on a global scale.
                                

                                    put together, they are a powerful energy called express world.
                                
individual energies. winning synergies.


mission

                                    "our mission is to provide need-based logistics solutions for 
                                    ã‚â different requirements and to align the resources of the 
                                    ã‚â organisation to maximise customer satisfaction."
                                





head office's contact us

                                    kulkarni patil bhavan, 14, ã‚â murzban road, fort,
                                    mumbai ã‚â 400 001, india.
tel : +91-22-66339898. fax : +91-22-66339833.
email : express@expressworld.com.
website : http://www.expressworld.com.


head office's contact us

                                    baroda, delhi, kandla, mundra, bangalore, goa,
                                    hyderabad, jnpt, indore
                                

head office's contact us

                                    chennai, kolkatta, pune, ahmedabad, nagpur
                                


group companies






express global logistic pvt. ltd.global logistic 
express equipment rental & logisticsequipment rentals & site handling
express engineering construction pvt. ltd.engineering activities
muffinsconfectionary venture
express hotelshospitality
3pl3pl
urbanpodurbanpod hotel





about express world
mission
contact us









head office :kulkarni patil bhavan, 14, murzban road, fort, mumbai 400 001, india. tel : +91-22-66339898. fax : +91-22-66339833.




©all rights reserved - express world





