



















































linn software | official site of investor/rt® trading software
























skip to main content

















 join us



 contact





login
                                  


create account
                                  

































 











 

















toggle navigation











investor/rt take the tour
indicator library
rtx extensions
rtl language
homework and research
what's new
pricing

download
find an indicator
charts linnsoft samples
most viewed
latest charts
chartshare info

videos all videos
ft71
getting started
homework series
multi-pane charts
profile
rtl series
rtx
rtx development
session statistics
trading systems
tpo profile
volume
volume breakdown
webinars

partners broker/fcm
data vendors
educators
trading communities
developers
funding

forum
support find an indicator
knowledge base
open support ticket

subscribe 
 



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




























investor/rt®

∎



investor/rt® is a complete charting package, market analysis and trade execution solution used world-wide by sophisticated traders and active investors, featuring connectivity to market data and execution services via dtn iqfeed, rithmic, cqg, gain (stonex) and interactive brokers.











power redefined
discover the power of the investor/rt® platform with its advanced charting and market analytics. investor/rt® has been refined over two decades to meet the ongoing needs of traders and active investors.





visualize the market
see the market the way you want to see it. flexibility means being able to share charts instantly with other investor/rt® users or construct or fine tune your own charting templates in virtually unlimited ways to match your trading style.





fast efficient performance
all indicators are fine tuned to minimize compute time as price and volume flow in real-time. indicators in charts can each be set up individually to recalculate at reasonable intervals to optimize performance.






take the tour 







 subscribe to investor/rt®. professional charting/trading starting at $50/month!
learn more 









		rtx extensions


			∎




		extending the investor/rt platform is a snap using the powerful rtx software development tools and c++. create or edit rtx source code and click 'build' to instantly see the results in a chart. here are some of the latest rtx extensions.






 
flexmeters (rtx)
flexmeters is an rtx extension designed to enable investor/rt users to display customized meters of market behavior within multi-pane charts. this flexible tool draws meters...
read more   

 
volumescope® (rtx)
volumescope is the best in class footprint charting available, allowing the user to view per bar market order flow under a microscope, closely inspecting the volume at price data...
read more   

 
paintzigzag (rtx)
the paintzigzag (pzz) rtx extension paints the legs of the zig zag indicator based on a number criteria of each leg or each bar.

read more   

 
chande momentum oscillator (rtx)
the chande momentum oscillator (cmo) is a technical momentum indicator developed by tushar chande. the cmo indicator is created by calculating the difference between the sum of...
read more   





 view all rtx 
 





take it for a spin

∎

see investor/rt® in action now with our demo product, complete with sample data.
download now





























see what our customers are saying






 
 
 
 
 





irt's versatility and usefulness is reaching the realms of ridiculousness...
futurestrader71 from chicago, il.








investor/rt was up, running, doing what i wanted in a matter of a few days. this program is extremely simple, but extremely powerful!!









i had to chuckle a bit, when looking at the multiple gyrations and hoops almost all of the other software vendors put their users through to get to the very same thing you so lucidly explained in two simple lines of code.









i do not think i have even scratched the surfaced as to what this software is capable of. i/rt is absolutely the software for the professional.









i know you receive other kudos, but let me take this opportunity to let you know how much i, and many others, appreciate the uniquely responsive answers to customer questions, and the unequaled rate at which you improve investor/rt.





 
































support related issues

 open a ticket

for sales or billing inquiries

 contact us
linn software, inc.
p.o. box 1135
conyers, ga 30012-1135

telephone (business inquiries only)

 770-761-8551


investor/rt
 getting started
 download center
 features guide
 indicator library
 video library
 tpo profile
 investor/rt tour


quick reference
 knowledge base
 prospect faqs
 search site


pricing & services
 pricing summary
 subscribe
 market data sources
 brokerage partners
 education partners
 rtx developers


site info
 company profile
 privacy policy
 terms of use
 cookie policy


 






©1996-2025 linn software, inc. all rights reserved. investor/rt® is a registered trademark of linn software, inc.















