





san leandro yacht club
































skip to the content 



 p. o. box 551, san leandro, ca 94577

 







 

san leandro yacht club




 the san leandro yacht club is a member of the south bay yacht racing association (sbyra), the pacific inter-club yachting association (picya), northern california power cruisers association (ncpca) and the san leandro chamber of commerce.

 telephone number: 510-351-3102

 








menu






home
rules and regulations
contact us
news
 










san leandro yacth club 



tucked up in a corner of the san leandro marina just south of the oakland airport is a san leandro yacht club. it is an all-volunteer club with a friendly and mostly dedicated member that is welcoming every visitor. once you tide up in the san leandro yacht club you will feel the friendly atmosphere and relaxed approach. the entrance channel is about 8 miles south of the bay bridge, and that makes the yacht club easy and accessible for almost every bay area marina. located in the middle of the san leandro shoreline park and especially within the walking distance from 27 holes golf park, this yacht club is a popular golfers destination. if you make it early enough you can have your own 9 holes golfing tournament, and finish off your day enjoying drinks and food at the cozy clubhouse that can accommodate 50 guests. facilities may be modest but volunteering staff will make your visit amazing and relaxing and you will most certainly get back here soon.

san leandro marina
san leandro marina is a full-service marina with 455 berths, free lunch ramp, two yacht clubs, three restaurants, a waterfront hotel, two golf courses, and golf driving range, picnic areas for families and groups, wetlands, parks, and the shoreline trail. perfect place for an afternoon or weekend outing!

marina office
marina’s office is open seven days a week from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm in spring/summertime, and from 08:00 am to 4:00 pm in the wintertime.

office address: 40 san leandro marina, san leandro, ca 94577

telephone number: 510-357-7447 or (800) 559-7245
fax: 510-352-0449
yacht charter croatia office number: 510-357-7447



how to find san leandro marina
if you go south of the oakland international airport you can find san leandro marina channel light 1 and 2, and they are located at 37 40.3 n, 122 13.2 w. length of the channel is approximately two miles and its 175 in width. there are 14 channel markers that are maintained by the u.s. coast guard, and 6 of them have flashing lights. the charge for transient boaters is 10$ per night for vessels under 59 feet, and 20$ per night for vessels 60 feet and up.

facilities






fuel dock
the fuel dock operating hours are 9:00 am to 4:00 pm. both diesel and unleaded gasoline are available. cash, checks, visa and mastercard are accepted. vessel sewage holding tank pumpout stations are free and available from 9:00 am till 4:00 pm at the fuel dock.
launch ramp
a launching ramp is a two-lane ramp with boarding floats, and it is available 24 hours per day at no charge.
marina park
marina park has a seven-mile paved and gravel trail that is a part of the bay trail system along san francisco bay to the hayward interpretive center. the trail is perfect for a nice walk and it begins at the bridge at the south end of marina park. there are two children’s play areas, one in the north and one in the south area. you can rent a spot in one of the three group picnic areas. to place a reservation or to get the information you need to call the recreation and human services department at 510 577 3462. numerous picnic tables with bbq are available on a first-come-first-serve basis. par course 18 stations are located at the south end of the marina, one mile in total length. it is not allowed to make an open fire in any other area then designated bbq area, pets are allowed, and you are allowed to fly a sefie drone for recreational purpose and/or to make family photos.
restrooms
you have numerous public restrooms available, and there are four sets of restrooms available for berth renters only. the berther restrooms have hot showers and electrical outlets. if you have any issue with the service you are welcomed to contact san leandro marina staff at 510-357-7447.
restaurants
there are three restaurants located within the marina area, in order to get information and reservations you need to call the restaurants directly. the wedges is located at the monarch bay golf club, horatio’s and el torito is located on the water’s edge.
hotel
if you are looking for first-class waterfront accommodation then san leandro marina inn with 131 rooms and suites are perfect for you. conference facilities are also available, so if you are looking to match a business conference with a nice group team building activity than you are in the right spot. for information and reservations call san leandro marina inn directly.
golf club
monarch bay golf club is just next to san leandro yc and it has 27 holes, all-weather lighted practice facility. no worries if you are a beginner since you can get golf lessons. the golf shop is also at your disposal along with the golf club restaurant. if you are organizing a 9 holes golf tournament you can hire a filming crew that can do both land recording, and areal recording with the best uav under $300. 

berthing rates
berth length  (feet)open berthcovered berth24$159.6028$186.2032$212.8036$239.4040$266.00$346.0044$292.6048$319.20$415.2060$399.20$519.00
what is included: water and dock box at each berth.
rule: no overhang is allowed. the overall length of the vessel and all equipment are not allowed to exceed the length of the berth. 
chargers are calculated based on kw h’s used time the pge rate for the period of use. the majority of berths have cable tv and telephone available. berth rental is payable monthly. electricity is available at all berths and depending on the length of the berth, the amperage is 20, 30, 50-125v, or 50-125/250v. transient boaters have a 15$ per night charge for vessels 59 feet and under, and 30$ fee for vessels 60 feet and up. for more information or addressing any issues call san leandro marina staff at 510-357-7447.
few things you need to know about san francisco bay and sailing
san francisco bay

san francisco bay is the largest estuary on the west coast, california, surrounded by a region known as the san francisco bay area, dominated by the large cities of san jose, san francisco, and oakland. it is 60 miles long, and 3 to 12 miles wide, and it’s one of the world’s finest natural harbors, containing 90 percent of california s coastal wetlands and 40 percent of california s landmass, with more than 130 species of fish, 500 species of wildlife, birds, plants and animal species. it is connected with the pacific ocean which flows into the estuary at the golden gate in san francisco, which is spanned by the golden gate bridge, the world’s most famous bridges. the bay was designated a ramsar wetland of international importance on february 2, 2012, and it consists of three main bays: san francisco, san pablo, and suisun. there are five large islands that lie in it; alameda, which is the largest island, angel island, which is now a state park by ferry, yerba buena island, pierced by a tunnel, treasure island, alcatraz, and a peninsula, mare island. there are many skyscrapers in the city, the most famous of which is the transamerica pyramid, a pyramid-shaped skyscraper. the city also has many cultural sights, one of which stands out from the opera house., numerous parks (the most famous being golden gate park) and beaches on the seashore (baker beach). offshore near the city is alcatraz island with america’s most famous prison, which is now a tourist attraction.
best things about sailing

sailing is a sport that employs the wind to propel a craft on the surface of the water, but also a lifestyle with a lot of health benefits. it can both affect our psychical and mental health, while being on the fresh seaside air, hearing sounds of the sea, feeling the sun and the breeze, and also swimming in the sea, getting your dose of vitamin d. good thing about sailing, that many people still don’t know is that it has long ago stopped being activity reserved for rich people only. today, you don’t need to own your own sailboat to start sailing, there are many companies, like zen travel croatia for example, that can arrange one day sailing for you and your family/friends for as low as $100. they also provide organized boat trips from split, which are affordable as well. pretty cool, isn’t it? sometimes we all just want to escape from our life obligations and afford to ourselves a memorable vacation and unique experience that has it all in one package; an opportunity to learn something new, spend some time exploring islands, relax on the beach, and improve your health. whether you are an adventurist who wants to combine learning new skills together with a good company, or you want to be alone and leave the noise, stress, and confusion and enjoy in the experience of freedom and solitude, sailing is a perfect activity that will transform your body and soul.









search for:





news

the benefits of sailing


hours of operation friday 18:00 – 22:00
saturday 14:00 – 22:00
sunday 14:00 – 17:00

meetings board of directors meetings are held once a month (on the 3rd friday of the month) and are open to any member who wishes to attend. general membership meetings are held regularly at the club. informative programs include boating education classes.

newsletterfirst name *email address *subscribe 








            proudly powered by wordpress  | 
            theme: envo storefront 

















 


