



acbvi | home























































                                services
                            















                                                            assistive technology
                                                        


















                                                            support groups
                                                        


















                                                            low vision
                                                        


















                                                            social recreation
                                                        


















                                                            orientation and mobility
                                                        


















                                                            living skills
                                                        






 all services  








                                programs
                            















                                                        p.r.i.d.e.
                                                    


















                                                        combined vision and hearing loss
                                                    


















                                                        community disability awareness training
                                                    


















                                                       icanconnect
                                                    


















                                                        i.t. specialist certification program
                                                    












                                covid news
                            



                                blog
                            



                                simulator
                            



                                contact
                            










donate to acbvi


















                            arizona center for the blind and
                            visually impaired 

                            providing comprehensive services to the visually impaired community
                        


                        donate
                        


                        apply for services
                        


                        covid info
                        



latest news









our circle of honor awards.



                                                    friday, february 17th, 2023
                                                













buy a brick and build a future.



                                                    friday, february 17th, 2023
                                                













acbvi title vi



                                                    friday, november 18th, 2022
                                                












donate to acbvi



                                over 200,000 individuals in arizona are blind or visually impaired.
                                make a donation today to support the mission of acbvi in changing lives!
                            


                                please donate today!


follow us on














what
                    is acbvi?
an agency providing services so that individuals with vision loss
                    can achieve their full potential.
                





who we
                                    are


agency
                                    values


our
                                    mission


our
                                    history








who we are

                                    arizona center for the blind and visually impaired has been empowering people
                                    with vision loss since 1947. our highly skilled and experienced multi-disciplinary
                                    team
                                    of professionals offers individualized training utilizing state of the art
                                    technologies and
                                    proven rehabilitation practices. acbvi assists clients in coping with vision loss -
                                    with
                                    courage and dignity and a "can do" attitude. we are proud to provide the resources
                                    our
                                    clients need to achieve independence and a full participation in the spheres of life
                                    they choose.
                                    we celebrate each and every blind and visually impaired person who develops the
                                    skills and a tenacity to go to work,
                                    go to school, and actively participate in society.
                                


agency values:

commitment
empowerment
innovation
professionalism
teamwork



our mission

                                    to facilitate independence and promote full participation in all spheres of life for
                                    those who experience vision loss.
                                    primary agency belief: that the provision of specialized services
                                    for individuals with vision loss
                                    is necessary in order to achieve their goals, aspirations in the regaining of
                                    personal independence. individuals with visual
                                    impairments have unique needs which are most effectively addressed utilizing a
                                    multi-disciplinary team approach. in order to meet these unique needs,
                                    individuals must have specialized services, books and material and appropriate media
                                    (including braille) as well as specialized equipment
                                    and technology to assure equal access to education, employment and personal
                                    independence. there must be adequate profession preparation programs
                                    to train staff in providing these specialized services and there must be ongoing
                                    personnel development opportunities for staff to continue the updating and
                                    introduction of new skills.
                                


                                
                                early beginnings
                                

                                    in 1947, a small group of individuals who were blind and visually impaired began
                                    meeting in each other's homes to learn ways to help each other achieve economic
                                    independence. training sessions were conducted in piano tuning, and mop and broom
                                    making. these were some of the few "job trades" available to individuals who were
                                    blind during that era. often over coffee and dessert, individuals would discuss how
                                    they accomplished everyday tasks and would share techniques that had worked for
                                    them. these gatherings became the prototype of today's support groups.
                                

                                    over time, the number of groups and meeting locations grew. socialization and
                                    support groups became the focus of activity, while skills training was provided to
                                    individuals, at their request, by a state rehabilitation or "home" teacher. in 1952,
                                    the coordinating council of the blind and the local maricopa club established a
                                    central meeting place for all the groups at 232 s. central avenue in phoenix. in
                                    1953, the organization incorporated and hired its first executive director.
                                
                                
                                melvin jones lions center
                                
                                
                                    in the early 1960s, when the phoenix blind center building was to be demolished,
                                    local lions clubs began planning for a permanent facility. by 1961, twenty-eight
                                    lions clubs had formed a voluntary affiliation, named in honor of melvin jones
                                    (founder of lions international and an arizona native) to raise funds and identify a
                                    site for a permanent facility for the phoenix blind center. lion keith taylor and
                                    his wife gladys donated 2.5 acres of land on the northwest corner of 32nd street and
                                    roosevelt in phoenix, the current site of today's arizona center for the blind and
                                    visually impaired.
                                

                                    under the dynamic leadership of lions wally pensinger, ames thompson, bill lockhart
                                    and mark wilson, a growing building fund was generated and voluntary labor recruited
                                    from lions clubs and labor unions. the original 9,100 square foot building at 3100
                                    e. roosevelt street was dedicated by lions international president, aubrey green and
                                    secretary of the state of arizona, wesley bolen on february 26, 1964.
                                
                                
                                expansion of services
                                
                                
                                    recognizing the importance of rehabilitation, executive director frank kells began
                                    working with the state to provide rehabilitation instructional service (adaptive
                                    skills training for daily living) for center participants and also hired the
                                    center's first orientation and mobility instructor in 1964. additionally, the center
                                    started a special aids service, which provided adaptive aids and devices for
                                    individuals who were blind and visually impaired. although social and recreational
                                    programs remained a major focus of the center's activities, the client base doubled
                                    over the next five years with the advent of rehabilitation services.
                                

                                    after frank kells left the agency in 1969, allen woody, formerly a director of
                                    services for the blind in illinois was hired as executive director in 1971.
                                

                                    the 1970s were a hotbed of activity, with increased funding at the state and federal
                                    levels. during the 1970s woody obtained federal independent living and older
                                    americans act funding, which included transportation funding, thus allowing the
                                    center to greatly increase both its rehabilitation and social recreation services
                                    delivery.
                                
                                further development
                                
                                    in 1989, the much-loved woody allen died. within the following year after a national
                                    search for his replacement, jim lamay filled his position as executive director. mr.
                                    lamay had previously worked as an orientation & mobility instructor in chicago and
                                    minneapolis. in minnesota, he became the manager of community rehabilitation
                                    services for the minneapolis society for the blind, and later director of low vision
                                    services for vision loss resources. mr. lamay was charged by our board of directors
                                    to develop the center into a state of the art rehabilitation program for adults who
                                    were blind and visually impaired.
                                

                                    under lamay’s leadership, strong and abiding relationships were established with
                                    united way, the arizona rehabilitation services administration, and private
                                    foundations throughout the valley. these resources resulted in providing additional
                                    staff and support for additional rehabilitation services, a low vision clinic, and
                                    an assistive technology center.
                                

                                    as the center continued to increase its capacity to serve clients, it also
                                    experienced a new growth and development in its board of directors. one of its
                                    newest board members, steve welker, epitomized the involvement, leadership, and
                                    transformational changes necessary to strengthen the agency.
                                
                                community leadership
                                
                                    mr. welker, who had previously been involved in a car accident that resulted in his
                                    becoming totally blind, had received services through the center which assisted him
                                    in returning to work and later becoming the president of his own insurance company.
                                    his desire to “give back to the agency” resulted in his leadership as a member of
                                    the board of directors, vice-president and finally chairman of the board of
                                    directors. steve, recognizing the importance of public awareness became a tireless
                                    speaker and presenter regarding the arizona center for the blind and visually
                                    impaired. he spearheaded a driving strategic planning process and the need for
                                    remodeling and expansion of the agency’s facilities.
                                
                                
                                agency remodel
                                
                                    in the spring of 2000, under the combined leadership of steve welker (chairman of
                                    the board of directors), rich mettille (vice chair) and jim lamay (executive
                                    director), and with the help of many donors and friends of the center, the arizona
                                    center for the blind and visually impaired embarked upon a major capital campaign.
                                    the success of the capital campaign resulted in a completely redesigned,
                                    consolidated and expanded main facility. the new facility allowed the center to
                                    bring its entire staff - previously housed in two buildings - under one roof,
                                    providing total connectivity of communications and computer functions, greater
                                    economics and efficiencies of administrative functions and facilities management.
                                
                                contracts for innovative services
                                
                                    acbvi had long been a proponent of planning a service approach that addresses the
                                    diverse and variety of individual needs presented by vision loss. for this reason,
                                    “comprehensive rehabilitation services” was felt to be the best approach in
                                    addressing these multitudes of needs. through a federal and
                                

                                    state establishment grant, the agency was able to begin providing a continuum of
                                    services for vocational and educational needs of individuals who are blind and
                                    visually impaired. the success of this establishment grant led to continuing
                                    contracts with the arizona rehabilitation services administration utilizing this
                                    service delivery system model. also recognized as a leader in the area of assistive
                                    technology and cross disability training, the agency was selected to provide on-site
                                    training for state rehabilitation counselors and one-stop workforce centers, and
                                    maintain a website related to assistive technology for the state of arizona. the
                                    agency has also continued national research in assistive technology in collaboration
                                    with the national eye institute.
                                
                                present and future
                                
                                    recently acbvi has taken on a new challenge in developing our comprehensive
                                    rehabilitation program and vocational rehabilitation services so that they are
                                    accessible for individuals who are deafblind and/or possess combined vision and
                                    hearing loss. a specialized team of instructors who have the expertise and skills
                                    necessary to work with these clients is now available. through our strategic
                                    planning and long range agency plan (utilizing consultation from bailey strategic
                                    group and lance strategies), our goal is to create accessibility to all agency
                                    programs and services to this underserved and in many cases unserved population. the
                                    agency also now offers an advanced training program for employment in assistive
                                    technology. the program - which is twelve months in duration - leads to entry-level
                                    information technology career paths in industry related positions. with our
                                    experience in working with various disabilities, the agency now provides community
                                    disability awareness training to educate employers, service providers, state
                                    agencies, service organizations and others who are interested in having a better
                                    understanding and awareness of members of their community with disabilities. we
                                    continue to strive to bring about changes in technology and in the community that
                                    will assist in focusing on abilities rather than disabilities.
                                









                ask a question
            






celebrating
over 70 years
of service to the community











 







news and client testimonials























































how
                            does it work?
acbvi client intake packet
check out out intake
                                            packet
                                            which contains important information about how you or your loved one can
                                            take
                                            advatage of our services.


                                        download packet
                                        


















donate today!

            over 250,000 individuals in arizona are blind or visually impaired.
            make a donation today to support the mission of acbvi in changing
            lives!
        


            donate today
        










about




                                        services
                                        →




our team
→




                                        careers
                                        →




                                        contact
                                        →






more




acbvi donations
→




acbvi events
→




acbvi blog
→




                                        become a volunteer
                                        →






address

                                3100 east roosevelt street phoenix, arizona
                                



title vi and ada

title vi


                                            title vi information
                                        

notice to the public  eng|spa

complaint procedure
eng|spa

complaint form
eng|spa

ada
notice to the public
eng|spa

complaint procedure
eng|spa

complaint form
eng|spa




















                                    email
info@acbvi.org



                                    phone
602-273-7411





                                    terms and policies
donor policy            




admin













