






chex












































chex



home


latest



resources
resource hub home
community-led health in action
publications
health issues in the community



our network
join the chex network
search our database
how we connect with you


about us


contact















home/
latest/
resources/resource hub homecommunity-led health in actionpublicationshealth issues in the community
our network/join the chex networksearch our databasehow we connect with you
about us/
contact/
















home











home/
latest/
resources/resource hub homecommunity-led health in actionpublicationshealth issues in the community
our network/join the chex networksearch our databasehow we connect with you
about us/
contact/











welcome to chex

the community health exchange




we work across scotland to promote community-led health as a way to tackle persistent health inequalities. 

 









































conference logo. text reads: chex conference 2025knowledge into action 12th march at the barracks conference centre stirling





knowledge into action: chex conference 202512th march, stirlingthis year our focus is on turning knowledge and learning into action on the most pressing issues facing our sector. book your place now!







what is community-led health?
learn more about this community development approach to health






health inequalities in scotland
how can community-led health approaches tackle health inequalities?







who we are and what we do
find out about our work across scotland




  

join our network
chex is for everyone interested in community-led health






publications
our publications include briefings, reports and consultation responses






health issues in the community
learn about this course.







contact us stay in touch with the team.



we share updates on social media through scdc➜ facebook➜ linkedin➜ twitter (x)



get in touch➜ info@scdc.org.uk➜ 0141 248 1990



.







 


 




chex is part of the scottish community development centre. explore our other programmes



scdc
chex
hiic
pb scotland
scottish co-production network
☰




privacy policy | terms of use© chexscdc is a company  limited by guarantee registered in scotland (361532) and a scottish charity (sc040614).





 






