


stress balls, foam balls, blank balls - promostressballs.com























samples form

catalog


stress balls

stress balls, foam balls,foam squeezies, andstressballs

stress
ball blog
email
  us

telephone:

  (415) 388-2736
fax: 

  (415) 388-5182 

please call during business hours only

  monday to friday,

  8am-5pm pst

  email anytime and

  we will respond

  the next business day 

































































promoball
        foam stress balls are squeezable, bouncing foam balls with a smooth surface (2 and 3/4 inch in diameter, about the size of a tennis ball), imprinted with your name, logo or message.
        
how
        to submit your artwork?available
        blank, or custom imprinted with your name, logo, or message on yellow,
        blue,
        green,
        purple,
        orange,
        red,
        pink,
        white,
        or mixed colored stress balls
stress ball prices
closeout

overstocked ball colors, overruns
        & seconds.
        prices as low as 25 cents per ball on orders of 550 stress balls or
        more.



custom printed
          foam stress balls
who uses it?top
          rated foam promoball stress balls are used by many health organizations as a stress relief tool, for hand or exercise therapy, or as ball squeezers in blood donor rooms / iv balls.
stress ball prices

top
          rated promoball foam stress balls are also perfect for marketing drives, trade shows and event giveaways, or a fun way to recognize employees and sponsors.  











                       

                       
                    





customer
                      product reviews
we were looking for a
                      low cost promotional "giveaway" to use at health fairs and other community events that would appeal to all age groups. the
                      squeezable foam stress relief balls from tension relievers fit the bill.  kids loved them; teens juggled them; adults grabbed them. but we were very surprised when older adults sought us out at a city-wide event.  we didn't realize it then but soon found out the stress balls are great
                      as hand exercisers for those suffering from arthritis!  who knew?  i would recommend this item to anyone wanting to appeal to any and all age groups. the staff at tension relievers are very helpful and make the whole process easy. we had our logo and phone number printed on the stress balls and the 5,000 ball order was delivered when we needed it.  talk about a stress reliever!

penny weller

seven counties services - hope now
louisville, ky 40202
















               

            



               

          blank foam balls
 (for those wishing to save $)(can be used for physical education classes, hand or exercise therapy, indoor play, or practice of tennis, volleys, etc).stress ball prices
tennis training balls

click image for larger picture



available in: yellow, blue, green, purple, orange, red, pink, and white.






 
              
promoball
              foam stress balls are used by many health organizations as a stress relief tool, for hand or exercise therapy, or as ball squeezers in blood donor rooms / iv balls.



blood donor recruiters - click here for our free blood donor squeeze balls for blood donor rooms, plasma centers,
        plasma donors, plasma donations, or blood drives. (pdf file). contact us
volunteer recognition giftsdonor recognitionclick image for larger picture




blood donor recruitment



ball squeezers















blood donor marketingclick image for larger picture



plasma marketingclick image for larger picture






it's also used by tennis centers around the world for safe practice against any wall.





tennis training ballsfoam tennis balls 













why promoball?

          promoball foam stress balls are a highly cost effective promotional tool that is among the best value in the industry. rush service is available to solve your last minute promotion crisis with style. if promoball stress balls don't fit your needs, contact us regarding other shapes of foam stress balls, lapel pins, travel mugs, etc.

 also known as a foamball or foamballs.
promoball stress balls are a great way to make your next stress ball promotion a success!
how much does it cost?

          we have the lowest prices on foam stress balls anywhere! we do volume orders only, but there is no charge for mixing colors. 
stress ball prices

asi suppliers, wholesalers, jobbers & screen printers can now buy our
           blank foam balls and  stress balls in the usa, instead of having to wait for imports to arrive.


stress ball priceswe have the lowest prices on
          foam stress balls anywhere! we do volume orders only, but there is no charge for mixing colors.




check out our promotional imprint catalog of stress balls, blank foam balls & foam squeezies!



           

promo stress balls - home
          | stress balls pricing | shipping
          | artwork |  smooth surface stress balls | order stress balls
          | contact | foam blanks

 | applications
        | links | free stress ball samples

 | kaiser promotion | testimonials
      | site map
        (html) |
        | 

    
site map (xml) | stress ball blog









 





                  promoball(your source for stress ball & stress balls)

                  e-mail: tensionrelieversart@yahoo.com

                  telephone: (415) 388-2736

                  fax: (415) 388-5182
 http://www.promostressball.com/




please call during business hours only

                  monday through friday, 8am-5pm pacific standard timeemail anytime and we will respond the next business day













 


plain
              stress balls - blank stress balls

 (for those wishing to save $)blank
          stress ball prices
click image for larger picture





 


stress ball marketing thank you & testimonials - customer reviews


 




to whom it may concern,

        i work for a  pediatric orthopedic group and the foam squeezable stress balls with our logo on them have been a hit! i have been receiving these stress balls from this company for a few years now  and we always ordered the blue color ones.
        until recently when  i ordered the
        multi-colored ones. what a huge hit with the kids! we give the balls & to kids just  coming out of an arm  cast
            to use as hand exercisers to work on strength and to entice the little ones to walk down
            the hallways to check the
        gait. our physician love them as well. 



 


great
              service that really helped me out in a jam! i need 100 stress
              relief balls delivered asap during the 4th of july week. i was so
              amazed at how accommodating and quick the turn-around was even
              when my contact was on vacation. he made sure that the shipment
              went out and my event went on without a hitch!

              during our event, when we agreed with someone, we threw the balls
              in agreement at the person. great way to get a point across and
              keep the mood light in the room. tension relievers are my stress
              relief and go to company for their awesome product!

              lisa wise
              manager of training and motivation
think through math — powered by apangea 
              866.357.8664 x127 office

breakthrough math intervention for grades 4 - algebra i
              winner of the 2012 codie for best mathematics instructional
              solution 
www.thinkthroughmath.com


 




tension relievers and promostressball is our go to supplier when it comes to stress balls. we have had a working relationship with them for over 10 years. 

        they are committed to excellence, attentive to details, and believe in on time delivery. 

        these are the traits you like finding in suppliers. when you do, it gives you the confidence and reassurance when an order is place with them. to know our job is going to get done in the right way and delivered on the 
        correct day. 

        to a distributor, this is good as it gets! 

        testimonial from   express print & promotions asi-191003


 







wednesday, july 25, 2012 11:04 am

        we are so pleased with the wonderful service from tension relievers.  superb service, quick response time , professional demeanor and always go the extra length to make ordering easy!

kim van laeke
sales assistant




 




july 25, 2012, 
              dear alan at promostressball,

        we have been using your stress balls for over the past five years and we wanted to let you know how much we love them. we are a chrysler dodge jeep dealership in a small, tight-knit community. every year we participate in the annual 4th of july parade and toss out the balls from our float as we caravan thru town. we are the only parade participant that gives away anything other than candy and i will tell you that we are the ‘hit of the parade’.  the response that we get from the crowd is overwhelming and the people are so excited.  they are a great promotional gift for kids & adults alike.  our dealership is now known for the stress balls on the 4th of july within our town.  we strongly feel that is an inexpensive way to get your business noticed and not forgotten. we look forward to a long standing relationship with your company.

        sincerely,
ray tucker,
        sales manager
        sawyer motors,
        saugerties, ny


 




great service and a great product! we have been using these stress balls for a few years now and we couldn't be happier with them. they work great as an icebreaker at our parent fairs. everyone loves them, from teachers to students. our representative is very attentive and always has our orders correct and on time. we work with many vendors and they are one of our favorite.

sara rosales
              logistics director
              brain hurricane


 


we recently contacted allen at promo stress ball with a rush request! he was more than accommodating and willing to help us out. the product arrived the next day as promised. working with alan was a treat and i would happily recommend him to anyone in the future who wanted to deal with a honest and reputable company.

rachael reuveni
              studio manager
              robert tardio photography
              new york, ny


 


wounded frog ltd. has done business with tension relievers for almost 16 years. in that time, we have always had the best service possible. they keep me on track for my standing orders and always check any orders for problems. no order is too complicated and every order is important to them. they are perfectly willing to work with you in order to get every order accomplished. of course, having the best products at the best prices doesn't hurt either. i absolutely cannot recommend tension relievers highly enough. i hope to be a customer for another 16 years…and more.

debra ford, owner
              wounded frog ltd.
              sage 23525


 


we have received excellent service from this vendor for over 4 yrs. we have been very appreciative of their suggestions to save money & freight 

distributor asi#:356166
              distributor name: webb/mason inc


 




 

    


 



