
zip code database list & canadian postal code listings





















home | products | learn about zip codes | find a post office | search | contact | faqs

postal code databasezip code databasezip+4 databasezip code boundaries

zip code database list1-800-425-1169zip-codes.comaccount login



our products• us zip code database • us zip+4 database • 2010 census database • canadian postal codes • zip code boundary data • zip code api new! • area code database• historical zip codes• historical zip+4 database• free radius application • free store locator • free mobile appfind zip+4 of addressfind the zip code, county, and +4 of any u.s. address
address for zip code of address


zip code of address city
zip code of address state free zip code finderfind info on any u.s. zip code  zip code other free lookupslookup zip code of any city, state, county or area code  city  state  county  area code free radius searchfind all zip codes


radius: 30 miles
 radius finder zip code free distance calccalculate the distance between two u.s. or canadian zip codes.  distance calculator from zip code  distance calculator to zip code zip code database - facts & stats




zip code database listings, maps, and boundary data

zip code databaseimmediately download the u.s. zip code database, licensed from the u.s. postal service, with free monthly updates. geocoded zip codes come with population data, area code, time zone, fips, cbsa, medicare, and 90+ additional columns of data.u.s. zip code database
postal code databasedownload the canadian postal code database, licensed from canada post, with monthly updates. geocoded postal codes come with population, area code, time zone, and postal code conversion file data (metropolitan, division, subdivision, consolidated areas).canadian postal code database


zip+4 databasecomplete u.s. zip+4 database, licensed from the u.s. postal service, available for immediate download, and free monthly updates. most zip+4s are geocoded with census tract/block information, street address, carrier route, and more.download zip+4 database
zip code apithe zip code api has everything you need for u.s. and canadian zip codes. functions are available for address form autocompletion, zip code of address, distance calculations, radius searching, and full zip code list retrieval.try the zip code api



immediately download all productsyearly license with monthly updatesno ongoing costs requiredenterprise licensed data from postal agencies100% money back guaranteezip code data is all we do





why choose us?

our
customers
say it best!




our united states business database includes the following data fields:zip codesarea codescity namestate namealias city namestwo digit state codecity typecity alias abbrev.county namestate fipscounty fipstime zonedaylight savings indicatornumber of businessesq1 payrollannual payrollnumber of employeesemployment flagprimary record indicatorlatitudelongitudeu.s. county elevationmetropolitan statistical area (msa codes) zip to msamsa nameprimary metropolitan statistical area (pmsa)pmsa  namecsa codeu.s. regionsu.s. divisionsnumber increase in units% increase in unitscbsa typeclassification codemulti county flagcounty growth ratecore based statistical area (cbsa codes)metro/micro cbsa namecbsa divisionu.s. populationhouseholds per zip codeu.s. average house valueu.s. average income per householdwhite populationblack populationhispanic populationcbsa populationcbsa division populationmailing name indicator112th congressional district112th congressional land areamulti county datacurrent population by zip codezip code database

united states zip codes:alaskaalabamaarkansasamerican samoaarizonacaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdistrict of columbiadelawarefloridafederated states of micronesiageorgiaguamhawaiiiowaidahoillinoisindianakansaskentuckylouisianamassachusettsmarylandmainemarshall islandsmichiganminnesotamissourinorthern mariana islandsmississippimontananorth carolinanorth dakotanebraskanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconevadanew yorkohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricopalaurhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvirginiavirgin islandsvermontwashingtonwisconsinwest virginiawyoming
click here to see more
when you download our u.s. or canadian postal codeom databases, you can choose between 4 separate formats for download, saving on conversion time and effort.  our zip code database has the most comprehensive and precise data that you will find.  you can perform free database lookups on our website with our software or you can download our zip codes database for data manipulation.  our free zip codes finder helps you find the zip codes and related demographic information for any u.s. or canadian postal codeom.zip code & postal code factszip codes are largely responsible for the automation of the united states post office’s mail handling. today, over 600,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each business day, and our mail can take as little as one day to reach its destination. back in 1799, it could take three weeks for a letter to travel from lexington, massachusetts to philadelphia, pennsylvania. the cost of mail was relatively much higher back then. it cost twenty-five cents to send a letter 450 miles – not much less than it costs today to send a letter anywhere in the country, and in considerably less time!today, many of us in the united states expect to have our mail delivered to our homes and offices at no extra charge. before july 1, 1863, city residents had to pay to have a postal worker bring their mail to them; rural customers had to travel to pick up their own mail for another 30 years. zip codes wouldn't have helped much in those days.many famous americans have been postal workers. benjamin franklin is known as “the father of the united states postal service.” abraham lincoln was postmaster of new salem, illinois in the 1830’s, and it is rumored that he personally delivered mail by carrying it in his hat along with a list of delivery places. harry s. truman was postmaster of grandview, missouri for a time. william faulkner was postmaster of the university of mississippi post office. perhaps the most romantic era in our united states postal history is that of the pony express. before then, stagecoaches took more than 20 days to deliver mail from coast to coast. in 1860, william h. russell bought strong horses and put a listing for good horseback riders in newspaper ads that read: “wanted: young, skinny, wiry fellows not over 18. must be expert riders willing to risk death daily. orphans preferred.” russell’s pony express was in service for 18 months, cutting the time it took for mail delivery coast to coast in half. the service closed in 1861 when telegraph lines connecting the coasts were finished being laid, allowing people to send information much faster and cheaper than they could by pony express.the history of the united states post office is filled with fascinating data and amusing facts. did you know the first post office in the united states was actually a tavern? or that the united states employed camels to deliver mail over deserts in the southwest? or that one of the first airmail deliveries involved a three mile flight, and that the pilot dropped the bag of mail from the flying plane to a postmaster waiting below?zip codes didn’t come into use until 1963. their inventor, robert aurand moon, is known as the “father of zip codes” and was nicknamed “mr. zip code.” another character also went by this name: the lovable cartoon ambassador, mr. zip or mr. zippy, who some think was largely responsible for the success of united states zip code compliance.and just what are zip codes? and how does the united states post office use them? what do the numbers stand for? where does the zip code data come from? how about the zip + 4 codes? there’s plenty to learn about the zoning improvement plan codes!to learn more about our zip code finder - us zip code database lists with demographics information, please view our faq's.

follow us:home // contact us // about us // privacy policy // site map // free zip code database
u.s. zip code database // canadian postal code database // u.s. zip+4 database
tos database // tos canadian database // tos redistributable© 2003-2025 zip-codes.com. all rights reserved. datasheer, l.l.c.


 











 

