



william moses kunstler fund for racial justice







 










   
                
              





subscribe 
              to the kunstler fund e-list


 tell 
              a friend about us







veronica 
                      flournoy-flemming
                      1968 - august 19th, 2007







it 
                        is with great sadness that the kunstler fund announces 
                        the passing of our friend and fellow anti rockefeller 
                        drug law activist.
click 
                        here to read more about veronica, tand to view a short 
                        film make by the kunstler fund.







 
 

view 
              photos from our 10th anniversary celebration  
 
a new 
              documentary work-in-progress about william kunstler, directed by 
              his daughters emily kunstler and sarah kunstler. for more information 
              about the documentary please visit the film's website.


help 
            us return 
            prisoners to their families under the restructured rockefeller laws.


the 
            kunstler fund is committed to help eligible rockefeller inmates get 
            resentenced. 
read about the men and women represented 
            by kunstler fund president margaret ratner kunstler

•reform delivers 
            hope to inmate, march 3, 2005, times union, elizabeth benjamin
•saul 
            sultan's "rocky road to freedom," march 4, 2005, the daily 
            news
•81-year-old brooklyn man in wheelchair 
            released under new rockefeller drug law, march 4, 2005, ap
•saul sultan queda 
            en libertad ‘sólo quiero que vea a sus nietos’ 
            eva sanchis/edlp 
•the end of the rockefeller 
            drug laws is not an open door, feb. 9 2005, ny times, leslie eaton



darryl 
            best is serving 15-years-to-life for signing for a fedex package
another tragic consequence of new york's rockefeller 
            drug laws.
learn more about darryl's 
            case 
watch 
            the kunstler fund video (realplayer)
download 
            realplayer



 

historic 
                alliance formed between the new york mothers of the disappeared 
                and the argentinian madres 
                of the plaza de mayo
bios 
                of the madres
4/15/04 albany times-union article about 
                madres visit to new york
4/15/04 ny daily news article

  



 tulia 
              defendants pardoned by texas governor
leaving 
              the courthouse: freddie brookins sr. leaves with randy credico with 
              the william kunstler fund for racial justice in new york. 
              media greeted them outside the swisher county courthouse after brookins' 
              son was released on bond after four years in prison. credit:henry 
              bargas hbargas@amarillonet.com

adam liptak's nyt article on the 
              pardons 8/24/2003
greg cunnigham's amarillo globe-news 
              article on tulia's healing 8/16/2003
bob herbert's nyt op-ed on the release 
              6/19/2003
monica davey's nyt article on the 
              release 6/17/2003 


 
mothers 
                of the disappeared


juan 
              gonzalez on the rally - daily news 6/5/2003
ellis 
              henican on the rally - newsday 6/4/2003
michelle 
              goldberg on the rally - salon.com 6/3/2003
joe 
              conason on the rally - the observer 6/8/2003
article 
              by nat hentoff, the village voice 6/11/2003




victory 
            in tulia  
            the kunstler fund has been working tirelessly to make sure the media 
            and the press has stayed focused on this unfolding story. we extend 
            our warm support and congratulations to the families of the tulia 
            46.


tom 
            coleman indicted!
"a former undercover narcotics agent 
            whose testimony led to drug convictions of 38 people, nearly all of 
            them black, in a small, predominantly white texas panhandle town was 
            indicted yesterday on three felony perjury charges, a development 
            further damaging the credibility of his investigation." by simon 
            romero, nyt  read more.


will 
            the legacy of tulia be the death of bucks for busts policing?
by arianna huffington

"tom coleman is merely the symptom of a much bigger 
            disease," says randy credico of the william kunstler fund for 
            racial justice, which was instrumental in bringing tulia to the public's 
            attention. "it's this country's out of control drug task forces 
            that are the real cancer." read more.


ryan 
            matthews is innocent

            the kunstler fund salutes ryan matthews and his struggle for justice. 
            ryan, who is mentally retarded, was 17-years-old when he was accused 
            of murdering a grocery store owner in louisiana. ryan was sentenced 
            to die in 1999, and is currently on death row at angola prison. his 
            lawyers recently uncovered dna evidence that exonerates ryan and points 
            to another killer. for more information, visit www.reprieve.org.


the 
            kunstler fund video, "tulia, texas: scenes from the drug war"


letter 
            from kunstler fund director randy credico


jeff 
            blackburn, mattie white, and randy credico on democracynow! 


 central 
              park 5 exonerated
from 
              democracy now!: listern 
              in real audio as emily kunstler reads exerpts from william kunstler's 
              autobiography, "my life as a radical lawyer" about yusef 
              salaam 


marion 
            young exonerated 
            kunstler fund director randy credico was present in the courtroom 
            when marion young was sentenced to 35 years on november 15th, 2001 
            caldwell, texas. exactly one year later his convicted was overturned 
            and the case was dismissed due to insufficent evidence. texas' "tulia 
            law" passed last year requiring corroborating evidence for the 
            testimony of undercover confidential informants to obtain a narcotics 
            conviction, and the case was overturned on that basis.
texas 
            court of appeals decision 11/14/02
 randy credico's response to young's 
            conviction


mothers 
            of the disappeared honored at union square awards. 
            the union square awards seek to encourage grassroots activism as a 
            means of strengthening communities throughout new york city, and they 
            recognize notable contributions to the educational, economic and cultural 
            life of new york city. read 
            more...




news 
            searches courtesy of 
the media awareness 
            project







donate 
              $100 to the kunstler fund and receive a copy of the emerging 
              police state, a book of speeches by william kunstler on 
              the errosion of our civil rights. read more.




rockefeller 
            drug law updates recent articles about the rockefeller 
            drug laws. 




tulia, 
            texas updates



tulia, 
            texas: scenes from the drug war
            for information on how to order the kunstler fund's 26-minute video, 
            click here. 




 











about 
        - projects - news 
        - links - donate - 
        contact - home



 









 





 






