ï»¿



truefog, usa - misting nozzles - misting systems - industrial 
		humidification and odor control systems

misting systems - misting nozzles - humidity control - mist nozzles - humidification - humidfy







      
 




homeonline storeindustrialmisting systemsodor controldust controloutdoor coolingwood storagewine barrel 
			roomscold storagepaper & textilesindustrial coolingpre-cooling (hvac)greenhousegreenhouse reporthumidificationspecial effectsheat stress studycontact











the truefog system is a 
		comprehensive environmental management system that offers the ability to 
		control temperature and humidity, eliminate dust, odor, and administer 
		chemical concentrates into the environment and create special fog 
		effects such as in the picture above. 
truefog 
		is highly versatile and adaptable to virtually any environmental control 
		application, including outdoor cooling, indoor cooling & humidification, 
		odor control, greenhouse cooling and humidification, dust suppression, 
		special fog effects, equipment cooling and many other industrial uses. 

		humidification is rapidly gaining importance in many industries. the 
		requirements of modern high-speed production techniques and increases in 
		internal plant heat loads often result in the need for better control of 
		humidity levels in the plant environment.
other factors can affect humidity levels too: upgrading manufacturing 
		equipment can lower the humidity in a plant because modern machines 
		often generate more heat.
		 
		many industries face stringent indoor air quality standards. meeting 
		these standards can often require bringing more outside air into the 
		plant. if this outside air is dry or cold the result can be much lower 
		indoor humidity levels.
existing 
		plant humidification systems are often incapable of meeting these 
		increased demands. but adding more capacity to inherently inefficient 
		humidification systems can be very costly.
		 
		the truefog system is an effective alternative to traditional methods of 
		humidification.
the truefog 
		system is an arrangement of special atomizing fog nozzles or located 
		along a network of specially designed and fabricated stainless steel 
		tubing or flexible fog line. 
utilizing a 
		specially designed fog pump module, providing extremely high water 
		pressure, the atomizing nozzles convert water into billions of 
		aerosol-sized water particles capable of achieving the highest levels of 
		evaporative efficiency possible. controlled by a multitude of electronic 
		methods, including thermostat or timer, a central computerized control 
		module or a simple on/off switch.
this web 
		site is designed to help you, our customer, better understand some of 
		the applications of the truefog system and how it operates under various 
		conditions and environments.  
we hope 
		that as you read these pages you will develop a complete knowledge and 
		understanding of these high-performance fogging systems. if you have 
		questions regarding any aspect of this information, please call or
		e-mail us at any time. 
		
our 
		experienced technical staff will gladly guide you through the process of 
		design, purchase and installation of a system for your particular 
		application, be it commercial, industrial or residential.

using 
		only the highest quality component parts to produce the truefog misting 
		and fogging systems, including stainless steel fog line and bronze 
		fitted mist nozzles or stainless steel fog nozzles and the truefog pump 
		module that produces up to 1000 pounds of pressure at the nozzle, we 
		provide the most efficient fogging effect possible, whether it be 
		greenhouse cooling, odor control, dust suppression, special fog effects 
		or outdoor cooling and most any industrial application. 
truefog, 
		usa remains committed to the goals set in the beginning; to provide the 
		best industrial cooling, humidification and misting systems possible and to 
		provide customers with first rate service after the sale. 


		 
  
		truefog,
        usa - industrial humidification systems
      	18605 sagebrush trial
      	desert hot springs, ca  92241
      	phone (760) 329-0500 - fax (760) 288-0900

for 
		additional information, e-mail:

sales@truefog.com
 
 


 
 


