




meanderthals: a hiking blog by internet brothers







































































home
about

meanderthals
jeff clark


trail reports

all hikes
best hikes
easy hikes
moderate hikes
difficult hikes
canyon hikes
forest hikes
vista hikes
water hikes


what state?

alabama
arizona
arkansas
colorado
georgia
idaho
new mexico
north carolina
oklahoma
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
utah
virginia
west virginia
wyoming


news

hiking news
conservation & environment
interviews


reviews

gear reviews
book reviews
film reviews


gallery

gallery view
photo essays


resistance
contact






 
navigation menu  
 
 
 












 




east zion on a winter’s day – a photo essay
the last of our whirlwind post-christmas utah swing through three national parks, a state park, and blm land, zion is always a crowd favorite. and the crowds were out in force. pandemic or not, holiday season or not, zion was packed. zion canyon itself was closed without a reservation, so we confined our visit to the eastern side of the park. still absolutely stunning! paula and i visited east zion on december 30, 2020 and remained confined to our car...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




a dream come true at bryce canyon national park – a photo essay
i have always dreamed of seeing the hoodoos at bryce canyon national park covered in a fresh blanket of snow. well, my dream came true, with paula. i told you about the large snow dump that southern utah had in the midst of our five day trip. it not only buried escalante, but left a fresh powder at bryce canyon and zion as well. my dream realized… and even better than i could have imagined because i was with paula. once we were dug out in...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




a massive snow dump in red rock country – a photo essay
once all was said and done, the snowfall total was 10 inches. the snow started about a half hour before we arrived at our destination, the slot canyons inn of escalante, utah. paula and i planned a post christmas 2020 trip to the national parks of utah. our home base was to be this centrally located, cozy bed and breakfast. by the time we were settled in our room there was already 3-4 inches on the deck outside, and it continued through the night and...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




exploring the backcountry in capitol reef national park – a photo essay
the best kept secret among the mighty five of utah’s national parks, capitol reef is no slouch when it comes to dynamic scenery and backcountry adventure. it is remote for sure. you will likely find yourself traversing the landscape on dusty dirt roads with names like notom bullfrog, grand wash, burr trail road, and strike valley. following a lovely day at goblin valley state park, on december 26, 2020 paula and i spent the night in torrey, utah at...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




a walk among the goblins in utah – a photo essay
believed to be evil, greedy, or mischievous, goblins are mythical creatures who bring trouble to humans, appearing in the folklore of multiple european cultures first attested in stories from the middle ages. goblin valley state park, off highway 24 at the san rafael swell in utah includes an area where soft sandstone has eroded into interesting shapes, somewhat resembling these mythological goblins. in some spots the rock formations are close together...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




mcinnis: land of many canyons – a photo essay
located in the high desert canyon country of western colorado, mcinnis canyons national conservation area consists of approximately 123,430 acres of blm-administered land near fruita, colorado. originally known as colorado canyons national conservation area, the nca was established by congress on october 24, 2000. internationally important fossils have been uncovered during more than a century of excavation. pictograph and petroglyph sites abound, and...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




colorado national monument: above and below – a photo essay
one of these days you are likely to look up and see that colorado national monument, along with mcinnis canyons national conservation area, has become a full-fledged national park. the stunning scenery certainly qualifies. with the acreage included in mcnca, the size is there as well. the combination of nps units offers a myriad of front country hiking trails and backcountry adventure. a fellow named john otto is who we can thank for the development of...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




the first day of a new life: four corners – a photo essay
ch-ch-ch-ch changes. david bowie wrote of change in 1971, the year i was a freshman in college. for bowie, it was a reflective song about stepping out on your own. i thought of that song and played it in my head as i sat down to compose this post. not quite two months ago i made a major spontaneous change in my own life. i packed up a couple weeks of belongings and hit the road to travel across the country and make good on a number pf promises i had made...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




lake lure and more at hickory nut gorge in november – a photo essay
every year in early november i like to visit the hickory nut gorge. it is on the eastern slope of the continental divide, and so a good thousand feet lower than most of the valleys in western north carolina. as such, the area is one of the last to experience glorious fall colors. you can count on the peak being somewhere between the 1st and the 14th. i made two trips this year (2020), the first on november 4th and the second on november 9th. everything...
 
 

read more
 
 
 

 




a day in the north high country on the brp – a photo essay
the first day of october i took a trip on the blue ridge parkway to the high country north of asheville, nc. the mountains here exceed 6,000 feet and the views seemingly go forever. it’s a captivating drive up, with plenty of pullouts so you can ooh and aah at the scenery. i tried to time my climb to catch some of the golden hour not long after dawn. my first stop was the craggy pinnacle trail at the craggy gardens section of the parkway. it was a...
 
 

read more
 
 
 
 


previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
next
 

 
 
 

if you are gonna be dumb, you better be tough.
 hiking the best of the smokies, the rockies, & the desert southwest.
 
 
 
 
 
 



what this is about
meanderthals: a hiking blog is a series of trail reports for many of the best hikes in western north carolina. i am fortunate to live in this beautiful environment, this “land of waterfalls,” and have the opportunity to day hike every week. the blue ridge mountains in pisgah national forest rise as high as 6,600 feet, and are filled with conifer and hardwood forests, some old growth. the mountain laurel and rhododendron are plentiful, and the region fully enjoys all four seasons. most posts on this blog will be about hikes available in this area. so, load your pack and join me.
learn more
 

who am i
my name is jeff clark. if you hang around here for awhile, you will learn that i am passionate about hiking and the beauty that mother nature blesses us with. living in western north carolina as i do, i am in an area that is a mecca for hiking and biking enthusiasts, and nemophilists like me. i am a mere half hour drive from the blue ridge parkway, and just another half hour beyond that to mountain summits that exceed 6000 feet elevation. pisgah and nantahala national forests are right out my door, and there are thousands of miles of trails found within them. yep, i’m in the right place.
learn more
 




from the blog



east zion on a winter’s ...
posted by jeff on mar 29, 2021 @ 9:36 am


a dream come true at bryce can...
posted by jeff on feb 23, 2021 @ 10:12 pm


a massive snow dump in red roc...
posted by jeff on feb 19, 2021 @ 9:43 pm


exploring the backcountry in c...
posted by jeff on feb 17, 2021 @ 9:22 am


a walk among the goblins in ut...
posted by jeff on feb 13, 2021 @ 11:27 am


mcinnis: land of many canyons ...
posted by jeff on feb 10, 2021 @ 6:30 pm


colorado national monument: ab...
posted by jeff on feb 8, 2021 @ 10:59 am


the first day of a new life: f...
posted by jeff on feb 3, 2021 @ 2:50 pm


lake lure and more at hickory ...
posted by jeff on nov 11, 2020 @ 6:01 am


a day in the north high countr...
posted by jeff on oct 3, 2020 @ 7:45 am


time for litter pickup and pic...
posted by jeff on sep 25, 2020 @ 7:34 am


mythology makes the search for...
posted by jeff on sep 5, 2020 @ 7:23 am


the world is still out there i...
posted by jeff on jul 28, 2020 @ 6:44 am


biltmore estate grounds, garde...
posted by jeff on mar 14, 2020 @ 6:54 am


what do you mean you havenr...
posted by jeff on mar 13, 2020 @ 8:34 am

 
 
 
 

previous
next
 
 

recent posts



 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


 
zoom in
read more
 
 


trail reports
 
 




copyright © 2011-2025 internet brothers. all rights reserved.    issn 2324-6057
 designed by  elegant themes | powered by  wordpress | logo by  design aspirations

 
 
 
 
 
 









 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website
















































