



	esc || energy services coalition








































									 
								





contact us





































our storyboard of directorshistorybylawscode of conductmembersbenefitsjoin escrenew membershipadd/update state chaptersmember directorychaptersalabamaarizonacoloradodelawarefloridageorgiaindianakansaskentuckymassachusettsmichiganminnesotanebraskanevadanew hampshirenew mexiconew yorknorth carolinaohiotennesseetexasutahhawaiinewsroomeventsesc webinarspast webinarschapter eventsother eventspast annual conferencesresourcesstate government resourcesend-user resourcesprivate sector resourcesesc chapter resourcescase studiesrequests for proposalsother web sites





join now



























advocating for the
									widespread use of gespc
									by state and local governments.



promoting the use of gespc
									as a means of increasing energy efficiency,
									modernizing infrastructure,
									enhancing resilience,
									and improving environmental quality.



bringing together interested parties
									to reduce barriers and
									promote the benefits of gespc

















 
 




guaranteed energy savings performance contracting (gespc)
promoting the use of gespc as a means of increasing energy efficiency, modernizing infrastructure, enhancing resilience, and improving environmental quality.



 online community   













race to the top
race to the top is a database of guaranteed energy savings performance contracting investment per state. race to the top illustrates state and local gespc projects by total dollars invested, dollars invested per capita, number of job years created, estimated annual source energy saved and estimated annual tons of carbon avoided.
view more 














































2024 esc annual conference
november 4-6, 2024: join us in anaheim for the joint annual meeting of the national association of energy service companies and the energy services coalition
view more 



case studies
esc case studies is a state by state collection of gespc projects from throughout the country. the searchable database includes more than 600 projects organized by state, esco, project title, market sector, technology, and financing source. readers can use the searchable database or fill out our form or to submit information about your project or upload a pdf for inclusion in the database.
view more 












0 annual estimated savings
from race to the top projects


conference countdown


0 total number of case studies



















energy services coalition
the energy services coalition is a public private partnership promoting the benefits of, providing education on, and serving as advocates for the widespread use of guaranteed energy savings performance contracting (gespc) by state and local governments. through the collaborative efforts and diverse knowledge of our public and private sector members, the esc aims to make gespc one of the primary means of increasing energy efficiency, modernizing infrastructure, enhancing resilience, and improving environmental quality.


useful links

join now
renew membership
member directory
chapters
contact us
















										© 2020 - 2025 energy services coalition
										. all rights reserved |
										login































