



northwind whippets and northwind designs, akc whippets whippet goodsnorthwind | northwind whippets and northwind designs











northwind


northwind whippets and northwind designs



skip to content
northwind

the terrible ten
northwind whippets – our dogs
whippets with friends
whippet puppies and litters
titles & accomplishments

akc titles
running titles
obedience
canada




online store

martingale or “sighthound” collar
martingale leads
slip leads
coats
seasonal panties or “bitches’ britches”
belly bands for male dogs
quick release or “snap” collars
contact form for sales e-mails
wholesale information
customers – photos and comments
shopping cart


stud dogs
about us

northwind whippets history
northwind designs history


stories to read

poetry’s story
diary of a winter litter
flexis are dangerous
tears in my ears
got cows?
come hell or high water
norris the cookie monster
losing poetry
broom wars – puppies vs. human
swath of destruction


resources

favorite photographers
american whippet club
asfa


contact us
my blog
 






northwind

northwind whippets
my husband and i have bred, shown, worked obedience and coursed northwind whippets since 1980. this site will offer you unique dog collars, general information on whippets and specific information on northwind whippets. i hope to add information on several minnesota clubs as time permits.
northwind designs
as we became more and more involved with the breed, i began to make the sighthound martingale style collars and martingale leads for whippets, greyhounds, afghans, salukis, italian greyhounds and more recently for rhodesian ridgebacks. i am an akc and asfa lure coursing judge and we are avid participants. so i began making slip leads.
the hobby and the business have grown over the years, but i still handle each collar personally. there are many collars to choose from on this site, plus i often custom make an item when requested. we provide wholesale pricing to rescue groups, pet stores and to breed and coursing clubs as trophies for specialties and lure meets.
as time went on, i found that breeds other than sighthounds also enjoyed a fancier, trimmed collar and began to make quick release collars in all breed sizes. we have collars in this style to fit almost any breed.
i select the smoothest, most durable webbing i can find. i use first quality hardware and am constantly looking for wonderful new trims. i concentrate on producing a quality product – if you are not happy with your item, please do return it for refund or credit. i want you to be satisfied.
we occasionally have puppies for sale, but are always willing to help you connect to another breeder if we don’t have puppies available. if you’d like to see our current youngsters, click on puppies.
whippet poetry with puppies
we have had a number of just terrific dogs, both on the field and in the show ring. in october of 2002 we had an extremely challenging situation with a dog lost a very long distance away – click on finding poetry to read about her 23 day harrowing adventure in south carolina with a happy ending. the photo below is kay, kathy and poetry in front of the “lost dog” poster.
kay and kathy with poetry in front of “lost dog” poster

i am a long time member of the american whippet club, a past board member and a volunteer for its rescue program. i am a board member of the minnesota coursing association. i am a lifetime member of the duluth kennel club, a member of the greater twin cities whippet club and twin ports dog training club. i’ve received akc’s breeder of merit award for my 30+ years of involvement in whippets.
 
thanks for visiting our site, enjoy all the whippet information, and i hope you are pleased to recommend us to your friends.
kay nierengarten and mark shubert
 



32 responses to northwind



























































leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment * name * 
email * 
website 
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

δ 





shopping cart  loading...
 






					northwind				


proudly powered by wordpress.




















