







megaflow graphics





















































galleries


contact


about


patrick's blog


store





menu



art by patrick mcevoy






galleries


contact


about


patrick's blog


store














illustration - covers






gorgo legacy
this graphic novel prequel to the cult-classic 1960 gorgo film is soon to be available through zoop publishing and titanic creations. as with the earlier titanic creations book soul war, i co-wrote and provided all the art. 






titanic creations presents soul war
a 180-page graphic novel from titanic creations - i co-wrote and did all the art for it, including this cover. 






mindset
the cover from mindset, a novel by stephen sadler.






lost in space
the cover for “lost in space, the lost adventures” #1 from american gothic press.












the child that never was
book 5 in the “unknown guidebook” series by josef bastian. “the child that never was”.






nuclear ballerina
“fall of chthulu” #9, from boom! studios. this piece was also used as the cover for the second “fall of cthulhu” graphic novel collection. 






malice in wonderland
the cover from “lost in space, the lost adventures” #6, from american gothic press.




























































sequential art
art for comics and storyboards. i have always been a storyteller as well as a visual artist. this is where those passions come together to create narrative pictures that do more than just words or graphics alone. 






soul war pg 12
i was responsible for art, colors, letters and co-writing on the soul war graphic novel from titanic creations.






soul war pg 42
i was responsible for art, colors, letters and co-writing on the soul war graphic novel from titanic creations.






soul war pg 103
soul war is a 180-page graphic novel from titanic creations, featuring several of their original collectable kaiju figures in one big, sprawling epic. i co-wrote it, drew it, and colored it. 






soul war pg 119
i was responsible for art, colors, letters and co-writing on the soul war graphic novel from titanic creations. this book is a huge 180 pages of story! 






i did the pencils, inks, and colors for the lost in space “malice in wonderland” arc, which was then collected as a graphic novel, from american gothic press.






lost in space "malice in wonderland" page 14
another page from lost in space “malice in wonderland” story arc. i did the pencils, inks, and colors on this.












an inked page from casefile: arkham volume 1.


















an inked page from casefile: arkham volume 2. 






an inked page from casefile: arkham volume 2 - things are getting strange in this nightmare flashback.












nain rouge - interior page
this is a page from the nain rouge, my adaptation of the y.a. novel by josef bastian. 






starkweather: immortal interior page
a page from the starkweather: immortal graphic novel, written by david rodriguez and published by archaia.






world war kaiju
some wild monster action from the world war kaiju graphic novel.






illustration - interiors & game art


















78 tarot animal edition - two of wands
the two of wands for 78 tarot. when approaching this card, i was thinking of magritte’s “son of man”, in both the color palette and the subtle surrealism.






aberrant - the party
a full-page illustration for onyx path’s “aberrant worldwide” game book. 






marvel champions game - faction icons
i’ve done a few dozen of the hero heads for the marvel champions card game. they remind me of the old marvel team books that had the character’s heads in the top-right corner near the price. these have been a lot of fun to create.






excerpts from an unknown guidebook - interior illustration
an interior illustration for “shadows on the silver strings”, the third book in the excerpts from and unknown guidebook series of ya novels. i’ve done all the cover and interior illustrations in this series so far, with new ones coming out every year for the foreseeable future! 






cookout
an interior illustration for onyx path’s scion game series. 






























sea of skulls
card illustration for arkham horror game from fantasy flight games. 






















































mobile games, multimedia, & ui
i've been doing mobile games, flash games, and educational multimedia for several years. art direction, production art, ui design and animation are all part of my experience in this area. 






























epic gladiator game items
















































concepts and character design
here are some concepts and character designs for games and style guides. depending on what's needed for a project in terms of quick ideas or tight concepts, i can adjust the style and level of detail.  








































































prev / next
back to galleries







17
illustration - covers




16
sequential art - comics and storyboards




21
illustration - interiors & game art




12
mobile games, multimedia, & ui




13
concepts and character design












powered by squarespace



















