








je robison service | service, repair and restoration of fine motor cars
























loading...










413-785-1665


























toggle navigation













who we are...


about us


driving directions to our shop


employment opportunities




waxoyl rustproofing


restorations



sales



cars for sale


1987 jaguar xj6 series iii




customfind car sales


how our custfind™ method works for you


buying you a good car at auction


describing a car’s condition


customfind™ car sales faq’s


massachusetts’ lemon law


sample ”purchase to order“ agreement










service departments



hours, policies...



bmw



bmw service







mercedes-benz




land rover



land rover service


rover service schedules


1987 to 1999


1999 to 2003


2003 to 2005 range rover


off-road


2006 to 2013




troubleshooting assistance


efi light


european standard obd ii fault codes




land rover buying advice


rovers i have owned


robison on rovers articles







porsche




jaguar



jaguar service


jaguar service tips







audi


aston martin


bentley




rolls-royce



rolls-royce and bentley service


common problems


evolution of the modern rolls-royce and bentley models


repairing a rolls-royce v8 engine


bentley and rolls-royce restoration upgrades







mini cooper


sprinter


ferrari


lotus


lamborghini







contact




blog





































land roverservice, repair and restoration
more about us





mercedes-benzservice, repair and restoration
see our work





vintage bentleyservice, repair and restoration
get in touch





crewe-built rolls-royceservice, repair and restoration
see our work



 
 
 
 




who we are

je robison service specializes in bentley and rolls-royce, land rover, bmw, mercedes, and jaguar. our factory-trained technicians are ready to do any service or repair. we handle everything from oil changes and routine maintenance to engine overhauls and complex electronic repairs. we code keys and alarms and do programming on late model vehicles. we also have a full detail shop, tire and undercar service, and alignment.
complimentary shuttle for local clients. pickup and delivery throughout new england including massachusetts, connecticut, rhode island, new hampshire, vermont, maine and new york.







service departments

we are committed to providing the best possible service at fair prices for our customers. our skilled people combined with state-of-the-art tools and equipment ensure we can do your job right the first time.
over the past 30 years we’ve grown to be one of the largest independent repair facilities in new england. our reputation is built on first-quality personalized service to owners of premium european vehicles. we perform all mechanical service work, routine maintenance, heavy repairs, and difficult diagnostics, anything at all mechanical. we also have companion interior and body work facilities.



bmw
mercedes-benz
land rover
porsche
jaguar
audi
aston martin


bentley
rolls-royce
mini cooper
sprinter
ferrari
lotus
lamborghini

 

 




restorations

look to je robison service for award-winning restoration and overhaul services. we specialize in postwar motorcars and four wheel drive vehicles, with a particular focus on vintage rolls-royce and bentley, land rover, mercedes, bmw, and other exotics. we are also known for our work on open-top domestic vehicles.
our cars appear at major shows nationwide and we’re proud of the many awards we’ve won for our clients.
if you want a restoration that drives as fine as it looks, we are your shop. if you want a job that looks just as good on the inside as it does on the outside, look no further than je robison service. we prepare vintage vehicles for regular use, concours, and competition, and we accommodate your needs from frame-off restoration to cosmetic or mechanical freshening up.
enclosed pickup and delivery nationwide










1973 bmw 2002 tii


these paragraphs show in wide screens, [more...] will show in small screens











1948 willys jeepster











1963 lincoln continental convertible
fully rebuilt and restored with custom leather and wool interior. best in show at key largo 2017.










1983 lamborghini countach 5000
full mechanical restoration













1972 rolls-royce silver shadow lwb
first in class winner at rroc national meet and the british invasion










1964 porsche 356sc cabriolet
at misselwood concours 2016










1989 land rover ninety
rare portuguese variant.










1978 land rover series iii
ex-new zealand army, full show-winning restoration and mechanical overhaul. 2.5 diesel conversion.






 




car sales

customfind service and cars for sale
we search out late model high end cars on a cost-plus-6% basis. we also do pre-purchase inspections of collector cars, and act as a broker to buy and sell collectible cars on behalf of clients worldwide. contact us for more details.


 




get in touch with us







first name *



last name *





email *



subject





message *

send message






 



your message was sent, thank you!

 
 


 












contact us


                  347 page boulevard
                  springfield, massachusetts 01104 us
                  
413.785.1665
follow us


  
                         


© 2022  j e robison service company inc. all rights reserved.


top




 
















