






macconnect : mac-centric hosting, colocation and isp - mac-centric hosting, colocation and isp










































 










toggle navigation






 
 

skip to content
home
get help
our twitter
our facebook
 
 
 

mac-centric hosting and colocation made easyget help

 






macconnect services


go to web hostingweb hostingideal for everything from a simple html site to a fully featured wordpress site. featuring an easy to use hosting control panel, one-click installs of popular web apps like wordpress and drupal, and friendly expert support, our hosting plans are sure to make you smile.go to mac mini colocationmac mini colocationwhen a shared hosting plan isn’t enough, co-locate your mac mini server in our world class new york datacenter. our colocation plans include remote power control, uptime monitoring, bandwidth reporting, and a high-end premium blended bandwidth network.go to spam filteringspam filteringwe know junk mail stinks!  let us pass your mail through our world-class filtering system and eliminate the headaches.  the good stuff winds up in your inbox, the bad stuff gets held in an easy to manage quarantine. the simple solution to a big problem!go to domain registrationdomain registrationif you’re still paying network solutions, you’re paying too much.  register your domain name through macconnect and save!

 
 




about macconnectproudly representing mac users on the internet since 1996




when nobody cared about the mac ... we were there!1996. the early days of the internet.  apple was in a slow death spiral, market share was declining, and support for mac users at the largest internet service providers was non-existent.enter macconnect.  as the first mac-centric nationwide isp, we focused solely on the mac when nobody else would. with a mac on the desk of every macconnect team member and a desire to service a segment of the market desperate for help, macconnect filled the void with dial-up access, email, web hosting and server co-location tailored specifically for the unique needs of mac users.now almost 20 years later, the macconnect brand is still going strong.  while dial-up is a thing of the past, we're still providing email, hosting and co-location services to thousands of mac users in the us and abroad. the environment may have changed, but our commitment to friendly, reliable, mac-centric service remains as strong as ever!


years of servicewe've been at this since 1996!

years of experiencecombined years of mac experience on our team

cases of hot saucea staple in our office.  you go through a lot of hot sauce in 20 years!

versions of mac osmac os was at version 8.0 when we got into this game!

 
 

 
 



talk to us!need help with your account?  visit our account management and support portal.need more information about our services?  use this form to contact our sales team. 




























send message

 





 
 



5507 nesconset highway - suite 10
pmb 303
mt sinai, ny 11766(646) 481-1860facebook link twitter link copyright 2019 - macconnect is a service of the gotham bus company, inc.zerif lite developed by themeisle  
 















