









homepage - petra stone

















































home
portfolio
showroom




about us
inventory
contact us
 




















								bring your vision to life							

							award-winning stone fabricator with expertise in servicing architects, designers, homeowners, and developers on custom projects.						


















product curation


sourcing and selecting the right product for a project is key. we help our clients navigate this process with our worldwide connections and extensive knowledge in both natural and engineered stone materials.




design services


every slab of stone has its own unique story, and we are passionate about translating that into the design vision.




fabrication + installation


top of the line machinery and a talented production team make superior execution on detailed custom projects our specialty.











 


curated collections


sourcing the most beautiful stone from all over the world is an integral part of our expertise. we work with wholesalers, quarries, and manufacturers both nationally and internationally to select slabs of natural exotic stone and quality engineered stone. there is always a curated selection of materials for our customers in our gallery style warehouse. we work directly with our clients to help select, locate and procure materials for their project no matter the distance.


view collection 












excellence 
in design


at petra stone we are passionate about consulting our clients on unique ways to design stone into their home or commercial space. we also keep in mind the functionality of the space and pride ourselves in educating the customer on the needs and upkeep of the materials selected. from floors, to walls, to countertops, islands, bars, fireplaces, stairs, and exteriors, we work with our clients to show them the endless design options available to elevate and customize their space with stone materials.


view our story 












renowed execution


quality fabrication on custom projects takes years of experience to acquire the detailed skill we provide to our clients. we have a team of veterans in our shop that are experts in applying different finishes and intricate fabrication details to the wide range of materials available in our store. execution is king when it comes to fabricating and installing custom work and our team is always up for the challenge of exceeding our client’s expectations.


view portfolio 



 





explore
about us
showroom
portfolio
contact us
inventory
 

contact info


											2926 prosperity ave, fairfax, va 22031										

+ (703) 698-5595 

info@petrastonegallery.com











©2025 petra. all rights reserved.












