




home | pete escovedopete escovedo | music & art  

                

pete escovedomusic & art
main menuskip to primary contentskip to secondary contenthomemusictourbookartnewsmediapicturesvideoblogescovedo familypetesheila e.juanpeter michaelzinalinkscontactstore

search





legendary percussionist pete escovedo is an artist who broke down the barriers between smooth jazz, salsa, latin jazz and contemporary music. his name has been synonymous in the music industry for more than 50 years. pete is known worldwide for his live performances, session work and solo albums.as a young boy he would sit on the steps of nightclubs and watch musicians play. music became his outlet. when he was 15 years old he began to also sketch and paint on wood or cardboard. anything he could get his hands on, he would start to draw.pete did not know that his love for music and art combined would change his life forever. and this is how it began.latest newspete escovedo lifetime anthology t-shirt available nowlaunching the new “pete escovedo lifetime anthology” t-shirts! they are finally here. we have medium, large, extra large, 2x, and 3x.the story behind the inspiration: artist and photographer: rony armas hand-etched the aztec symbol on glass. mr. escovedo then held up the glass in front of him and looked through the etching, and the photo was taken. this is the result when a truly creative artist, rony armas, and a legendary musician, pete escovedo, come together.>> purchase your t-shirt now! << 

read more...
0 commentsescovedo wayjanuary 14th, 2024 was a very special day. we were honored to have the street we raised our children sheila, juan, peter michael, and zina, on 9th ave and east 21st officially changed to “escovedo way.” we have had many special memories there.many well-renowned musicians who got their start in oakland would spend many days and nights at our home playing in the front room and the front porch. those were the good old days when we would have jam sessions.the landlord raised our rent $50, so, unfortunately, we had to move. that was a lot of money back then for us trying to raise our 4 kids. but god had other plans for my family. years later, here we are standing on the corner looking up at our street sign “escovedo way.”god is good. thank you, oakland! you will always be my hometown.

read more...
0 comments67th wedding anniversarytoday i am celebrating our 67th wedding anniversary at catalina jazz club. it’s been an incredible ride. doing our best to raise 4 children, was a task in itself, being that i was making $50 a week, and you were working at an ice cream plant supporting the family financially while i was struggling to make a name for myself. i am a very blessed man to share this life with you. a musician’s life is not an easy one, but there is nothing i would change about our path. i am grateful for our life together in this world. i love you always and forever. happy anniversary! 

read more...
0 comments




tour datesjanuary 16, 2025 - los angeles, cafebruary 21-22, 2025 - los angeles, camore tour dates coming soon....sign up
videohomeprivacyweb design
copyright © 2025
pete escovedo. all rights reserved.       



