























 jpef home page | jewish partisan educational foundation




















skip to main content

















partisans signin menu
sign increate account

















toggle navigation








partisans header menu
explorewhat is a partisan?
partisans and countries
films
pictures of resistance virtual exhibit
partisan hideout
jewish partisan community
media gallery
partisans like me
resources

teache-learning
curriculum
warsaw ghetto uprising
bielski partisans
women in the partisans
survival in the forest
pictures of resistance

aboutabout jpef
projects
volunteer
board
press
donate
donor wall
contact jpef

e-learning coursessee all video courses
help
free ceus
faq

blog
donate
faq


















 



                jpef home page            










discover the hidden history of the holocaust





discover the hidden history of the holocaust

watch their stories








pictures of resistance banner






explore: what is a partisan?





explore: what is a partisan?
approximately 30,000 jews throughout eastern and western europe - many of them teens - fought back during the holocaust as jewish partisans.
jpef develops and distributes effective educational materials about the jewish partisans and their life lessons, bringing the celebration of heroic resistance against tyranny into educational and cultural organizations.

find out more








watch: our documentary films



watch: our documentary films
witness the resistance of the partisans and hear their stories of endurance, struggle, and victory against the nazis and their collaborators during world war ii. each 3-24-minute film tells the true story of courage and survival in the words of actual jewish partisans.






film


















introduction to the jewish partisans (6:37)




film


















everyday the impossible: jewish women in the partisans (15:00)




film


















living and surviving in the partisans: food (3:52)




film


















living and surviving in the partisans: medicine (4:43)






see all films






teach: resources for educators





teach: resources for educators
captivate and inspire students with free, ready-to-use curricula for teaching history, leadership, ethics and jewish values through the examples of jews who fought back during the holocaust. lessons are appropriate to 6th – 12th grades.
lesson plans and activities: interactive and stimulating lessons that generate critical thinking, teacher guides, classroom discussion prompts, films, drawings, maps and photographs examine the unique resistance of the jewish partisans during the holocaust.
study guides and biographies: extraordinary personal stories of jewish resistance and survival from partisans, revealed through video testimonies. study guides that stimulate discussion on a variety of topics from ethics of war to jewish women in the partisans.

download free resources








empower: our featured partisan story



empower: our featured partisan story
meet one of jpef’s 54 featured jewish partisans as they share their stories of loss, resistance, survival, and perseverance with video testimonials, images and documents, and a short biography. these unique stories tell of partisan activities in poland, russia, greece, italy, france, czechoslovakia, bulgaria, lithuania, ukraine and other countries.







videos and images for jack kakis

1/{{rawmediaitems.length}}

























jack kakis

all

                                {{::cat.label}} ({{cat.filtercount}})
                            



jack kakis
{{currentitem.nid? popupfilteredrows.indexof(currentitem)+1 : 1}} / {{popupfilteredrows.length}}








{{currentitem.nid? popupfilteredrows.indexof(currentitem)+1 : 1}} / {{popupfilteredrows.length}}
                                



previous
next































edit node
 print


                                            date: {{currentitem.date}} | source: {{currentitem.source}}
                                        



















load more















jack kakis


                in athens, jack became involved with the underground movement by bombing factories and writing anti-german slogans on the city streets under the cover of darkness. jack was later made the commander of a machine gun regiment in the partisan group national liberation front, or eam.             




meet a jewish partisan  






our impact: jpef's global reach



our impact: jpef's global reach








                            1.1m                        

students




learning about jewish partisans






20k
educators




teaching with jpef materials






99%
of teachers surveyed




recommend our lessons








                learn about jpef            




























        back to top
    







partisans footer menu
 explorewhat is a partisan?partisans & countriespartisan hideoutpor virtual exhibitfilmspartisans like meresourcesmedia galleryjewish partisan community teache-learningcurriculumsurvival in the forestwarsaw ghetto uprisingthe bielski partisanswomen in the partisanspictures of resistance aboutwhat is jpef?projectsvolunteerboardpressdonatedonor wallcontact jpef bloghome glossary of terms





subscribe to newsletter










social media



























                    © 2025 jewish partisan education foundation. all rights reserved.
                



                    2266 california street, san francisco, ca 94115
                    415-563-2244









© 2025 jewish partisan education foundation. all rights reserved.





randomness 



