








needle in a haystack - purveyor of fine needlework supplies





 




























search
                  needlestack.com
    

check out our youtube channel. 
follow us on twitter
 

niah on facebookfollow us on instagram

 
  


  
















 
store hours: tue-sat, 11-3pmappointments not required - recommended for groups of 3 or more. 
we are open for drop-ins, appointments, store pickup, phone orders & online orders. you can place 
an online order and note that you want store pickup if you do not want 
us to ship it. if you want to place an order over the phone or via 
e-mail, be sure to tell us you want store pickup and give us your 
contact information. we are available by phone, e-mail and for store pickup and
 appointments tue-sat 11-3pm.we try to keep it to a maximum of 4-5 people at a time in the store, hence we recommend an appointment for groups of 3 or more. if you are immune compromised let us know that you want to ensure no one else is here aside from staff, during your appointment. if you are coughing or have cold symptoms, we requests you wear a mask, otherwise they are not required. if you would like to make an appointment to visit in-person you can call us or e-mail us (please put 
appointment in the subject line). e-mail works best for appointments not on the same day since we read that after store hours. if you are in the area and need to stop by, just give us a call and we can see what the schedule looks like. most often we are able to accommodate drop in visits as long as we don't have a large group in the store. but an appointment are always the best option. we appreciate your support and hope that you stay safe and healthy. 
you'll find us at 2433













                mariner square loop, suite 102, which is two blocks
              away from the target store and alameda landing
              shopping center just off webster. please note, we are not
              in the shopping center, we are in a small office complex
              (mash mariner square) at the corner of mariner square
              loop, marina village parkway and mariner square drive
              (yes, it's a bit odd). look for the stand of very tall redwood trees!
you'll
              find detailed directions on our directions page. sign-up here for
              our e-mail newsletter.golden forge scissorsniah exclusive color - lilacwe are pleased to introduce a new scissor from access commodities - golden forge scissors with a gold plated blade. and we have an exclusive color for the shop - lilac! you can order these through our online catalog and also get them engraved with your name, initials or cipher. as we get the other colors (cinderella blue, creme, red, red w/leaf etching and willow green with leaf etching) in stock we will add them as options to the order page. dovo scissors for 2024after a long absence in the scissors market, dovo is now producing 3 scissors styles for 2024, including their much desired hardanger scissors. we have them ordered and expect them january 2025.you can pre-order these through our online catalog and also get them engraved with your name, initials or cipher. hands across the sea samplers sarah rinder 1841a limited edition exclusive samplers for needle in a haystackwe celebrated our 25th anniversary in 2023, with an amazing sampler from hands
 across the sea samplers - sarah rinder 1841. you can order the supplies through our online catalog. we have added stitched samples of the 4 types of thread options on each count we are offering so you can see what they look like when making your thread/fabric selections. cathe as the floss queen, has also created 3 frosted teal acrylic accessories to coordinate with the birds in this design - a fob, needle minder and threadkeep. we have a sarah rinder 1841 facebook group
 for our stitch-a-long, which you are invited to join. cheri 
cluff edington has graciously agreed to lead sarah's sal for us. while 
at jean lea's sampler symposium in january 2023, cheri, cathe and nicola 
recorded a video with the model of sarah rinder 1841 discussing the 
design which is posted on our youtube channel.the
 chart is an limited edition exclusive for niah and is only available 
from us. thread choices are dmc, soie d'alger, soie 100/3 and soie 
surfine. fabric choices are lakeside linen vintage maple sugar and 
legacy linen in a variety of counts.we are excited to release 
this amazing bird sampler, which is unlike anything we've seen. the main
 motif of the birds in the birdbath makes it seem like party time in the
 garden. we hope you'll enjoy stitching sarah rinder 1841 with us!hands across the sea samplers hannah campbell 1838a lovely new sampler from nicola at hands across the sea samplers - hannah campbell 1838. we are offering the chart, thread and fabric for hannah and if you pre-order all of those supplies you will also received a free miss minnie mcbean frippery (fob). the fob will be exclusive to the 5 shops sponsoring the sal for hannah. thread choices are dmc, soie d'alger & soie 100/3. fabric choices are lakeside linen vintage sand dune and 
legacy linen in a 38 and 45 count.we are still waiting on supplies of fabric and thread for the sampler and hope to begin shipping in may. you can pre-order the supplies and the chart (which we expect april 1st) via our online catalog or by contacting us at the shop. we are hosting a sal for hannah along with acorns & threads (or), attic needlework (az), traditional stitches (canada) & a stitch in time (aus) on facebook with cheri cluff eddington as our sal leader. feel free to join us to enjoy some community stitching for hannah campbell 1838. finishingfinishing services are taking 3-4 months, so plan ahead!

below you will find some our laser needlework accessories by 
the floss queen (cathe). you can see a video cathe did with nicola parkman on nicola's youtube channel.


we sell these very nice wood needle cases and the floss queen is now engraving them with the laser. you can select from ebony or rosewood and have 6 different needle styles engraved on the case. beading, chenille, embroidery, milliners, sharps & tapestry. you'll find them in on our online catalog. 
scissor & tool engraving/markingyou can get your scissors marked/engraved by cathe with her laser. tools such as the pinzette can be marked as well. if you are ordering scissors or a pinzette add the engraving to that same order. or you may send us any number of scissors to be engraved. the photo shows cathe's personal kohana scissors (we do not sell them) marked with her name. you can have a name, initials or a cipher on them. order this service through our online catalog. 
for an organizational accessory or finishing option, the floss queen's leatherette trays fold flat and snap together when in use. offered in both 6in and 9in sizes (not all colors are available in 9in) there are variety of laser engraves styles to choose from. you'll find the selection in our online catalog: 6 in trays or 9 in trays. your name can be engraved either in place of the shop name on the organizational trays or to the back of the finishing trays. amelia alphabet finishing trayornamental alphabet finishing trayorganizational tray - king of the needlesorganizational tray - keep calmorganizational tray - i cannot count my day complete...organizational tray - queen of everything!organizational tray - money can't buy happiness...organizational tray - queen of the needlesorganizational tray - niah 25th anniversary sarah rinder from hatsthe floss queen's acrylic scissor case which also has room for needles. made from ivory pearlescent acrylic it is a friction fit top/bottom so just lift the top off. you can order it either with the cutwork top or an engraved initial. either can also include a name. scissors are not included but this will fit most 3.5" scissors. you'll find options on the order page for the case under related items.   
new for fall 2022 are 20oz engraved tumblers. these are currently available in 3 colors and 6 styles (that match the wood trays). more additions to
the floss queen's accessories are 2 sizes of tool trays and colorful needle minders made from acrylic. peacock shaped items and 5in wood trays that can be used as a tray or coaster. and needlebooks from cherry wood. 
cherry wood needlebooksi cannot count my day complete...keep calmking of the needlesmoney can't buy...queen of everythingqueen of the needles
 acrylic threadkeeps are available in 3 inch and 4 inch sizes. they also double as a corner gauge.acrylic pinkeepsacrylic needle keeps
  
if you are looking for the pinzette (tweezer) nicola and i demonstrated on youtube and mary corbet reviewed on her needle 'n thread blog, you'll find it in our online catalog here.




whitney antiques catalog - choice & precious workthe needle & beyond



we have received several copies of the 2024 whitney antiques catalog "choice and precious work, 1650-1770 the needle and beyond". this is an amazing catalog of needlework pieces in a wide range of techniques. you'll find it in our online catalog. we still have copies of the 2023 whitney antiques catalog which covers 1650-1750. 


if you're curious about silk threads check out the video cathe did with nicola parkman of hands across the sea samplers. you can purchase one of our silk/linen samplings packs for counted thread work mentioned in the video in our online catalog. kit #1 for 46+ linen or kit #2 for 36-40 count linen.cathe has done sessions with gary parr of fiber talk on threads and you can watch the episodes she has recorded by visiting the fiber talk website.   
              check out our youtube channel!

 
 

at






              needle in a haystack we specialize in hard-to-find
              needlework supplies with extensive selections in fabrics and threads. we carry cross-stitch and counted-thread designs by
              a wide range of designers, books on many forms of embroidery and a selection of hand-painted needlepoint
              canvases. while our fabrics and threads are listed
 online, our needlepoint and cross-stitch inventory is not. you're 
always welcome to make an appointment to visit us, call the shop or e-mail if you're looking 
for something specific.
our stitching has
                its rewards card is free and you can use it as a
              gift card, a rewards card or both. visit our stitching has its rewards
              page for program details and to order a card. if you wish
              to purchase a gift card please visit our gift card page.
in our on-line catalog you'll find threads,
              fabrics, embellishments, books, accessories and several
              counted-thread designers. check it out to see what's
              available if you want to purchase on-line. it features only a fraction of what we carry in the
              store and you're welcome to contact us to see if we have
              an item you can't locate. 

if accessories are your passion
              we carry a variety of needlework tools, laser created accessories and a host of other items. we
              also offer custom finishing
              for your needlework treasures. if you're looking for a
              gift for your favorite stitcher, check out our online gift ideas.
an oasis from the rush of daily life, we try
              to make our store like a home away from home. our
              courtyard has trees, grass & picnic tables where you
              can enjoy some outside stitching or just taking a much
              needed break. after covid-19 we hope to once again welcome you to stop by the shop,
              share a pot of tea with us and sit and stitch a while.
store hours
 tue-sat 11am-3pmappointments not required - recommended for groups of 3 or more. 

 
there is a parking lot on the mariner square
              drive side of the complex (courtyard side) and on the back
              of the complex off mariner square loop. the dedicated handicapped parking is on the courtyard side of the building.








back















































                to top 
 


haystack@needlestack.com

© 1998-2025  needle in a haystack
              - all rights reserved 







last updated january 2, 2025
webmaster@needlestack.com




