








home | little kids, inc.


















































































skip to content








 









home
products
about
faqs
how to
contact
 

 menu


home
products
about
faqs
how to
contact
 

















little kids toyslittle kids develops, manufactures, and markets innovative and award-winning bubble, novelty, sports, and craft toys!see productslittle kids toyslittle kids develops, manufactures, and markets innovative and award-winning bubble, novelty, sports, and crafts!see productslittle kids inclittle kids develops, manufactures, and markets innovative and award-winning bubble, novelty, sports, and crafts!see products 














little kids products 







fubbles® no-spill® 







fubbles bubbles® 







lki easter 











junk ball® 







ballz'n® 







bluey 











disney™ 







baby shark™ 







blue's clues and you™ 










view all products









 







 








 
 401-785-4700





 
800-545-5437





 
info@littlekidsinc.com




 
8:30 am - 5:00 pm (monday - friday)










useful links 










home




fubbles




disney




marvel














contact




privacy




terms




return policy















follow us 






instagram
 



facebook-f
 



twitter
 



youtube
 














©2023 little kids, inc. all rights reserved. © spin master ltd. paw patrol and all related titles, logos, characters; and spin master logo are trademarks of spin master ltd. used under license. nickelodeon and all related titles and logos are trademarks of viacom international inc. © viacom international inc. nickelodeon, blue’s clues & you! and all related titles, logos, and characters are trademarks of viacom international inc. sesame street® and associated characters, trademarks and design elements are owned and licensed by sesame workshop. © sesame workshop. peeps®, the peeps® chick shape and the peeps® bunny shape are registered trademarks of just born inc., bethlehem, pa. © disney. © marvel. © & tm lucasfilm ltd. cocomelon™ copyright © moonbug entertainment. bluey tm and bluey character logos tm & © ludo studio pty ltd 2018. licensed by bbc studios. bbc logo tm & © bbc 1996. © smart study co., ltd. pinkfong® and baby shark™ are trademarks of smart study co., ltd. 



































