




monsterwax trading cards









home page

our cards
  (alphabetical)


dinosaur galaxy
don't let it happen here
horrible ugly monsters
island of dr. moreau
journey to center of earth
lengendary lovecraft
lengendary lovecraft 2
lost in space
monsterfaces
monsters from hell
monster movie classics 1
monster movie classics 2
monsters & maniacs
nightslasher
norm saunders cards promo cards
shock stories 
60s sci-fi & terror tv 
60s sci-fi & terror tv2
spook show
spook show 2
time machine 
20,000 leagues under sea
tune in for terror
urban legends
war of the worlds
books

  other info
  
  - - - - - - - - - 

contact us 

 about us
box guarantee 
e-mail updates
haunted house
other "cool stuff" 
parody ads
postage/snail mail
redemptions
satisfaction guaranteed

 visit our facebook 
 like us on facebook




 
books by monsterwax

if you like monsterwax cards, you should also enjoy monsterwax books! check our unique titles. 













new! lost in space 2!

it's the brand new follow up series from "lost in space, the art of ron gross", only this time, ron deep-dives into the first episodes and includes the missing monsters, aliens, and plot lines cut out from 1965!


creatures of the cosmos

a fascinating but disturbing look into the dark ether of outer space, and the many wonders & terrors that await us there! (coming soon, sign up to be notified!)


terrors of war 

now shipping! (we'll accept orders as soon as the all the kickstarter orders are sent out)


spook show series 2

the long awaited sequel to our series 1, profiling the golden age of the midnight spook shows! sold with a real zombie slave!


it's here! legendary lovecraft 2 

the second series that includes all of the stories not included in series 1. with even more incredible art by the amazing ricaro garijo, jr.. this series is a must for the serious horror fan. only 500 # sets made. 



 legendary h.p. lovecraft
it took over 75 years but finally, a card   series devoted to the the masterworks of h.p. lovecraft! legendary lovecraft features all original art by ricardo garijo, jr, dramatically profiling the best stories from the father of modern horror! order now.

horrible ugly monsters
the horrible ugly monster art of bob "x"! it's so bad, it's good. if you like classic monster cards like terror monster, you won't wanna miss these.


spook show series 1

spook show tells the tantalizing tale of the midnight ghost shows. it features some of the coolest posters ever devised by promoters of the paranormal! order now

monsters & maniacs
monsters & maniacs! fans of violent zombie tales like the walking dead will enjoy this edgy horror series. shot on location in a real haunted house, it includes photos, "hideous heads", and insidious inserts! they're so gruesome and chilling, we can't sell them to minors! that's right: they're for "monsterkids" 18 and over only!  



journey to the center of the earth
the classic jules verne adventure story with all original art by ricardo garijo: plus its' companion series (see below)


20,000 leagues under the sea

sold together in one box (w/ journey series above)--

don't let it happen here
true tales of terror from beyond our borders, including many stories of which have since become mainstream media sensations. just 450 boxes made. 
see the winners of our d.l.i.h.h. card contest!
 


monster faces

frank russo's far out & funky monster series in just 166 boxes!

60s sci-fi & terror tvseries 1&2 
a cross section of the best horror and sci-fi shows of the 60s. just 2,000 numbered sets!  




lost in space- the art series
if you're a lost in space or sci-fi fan, you'll want to have this set: lost in space, the art of ron gross! we're now taking pre-orders for this exclusive series, and it's a beauty!

monsters from hell!
one of our coolest monster series has been hiding under your feet all this time... monsters from hell! 

monsters from hell, series 2!
the long awaited conclusion to this monster mystery-- a deadly plague of madness and monsters unleashed upon the world. coming soon to kickstarter! (you can sign up to be notified.)  


dinosaur galaxy

travel through time and space to witness the most magnificent monsters the  universe has ever produced: the dinosaurs of planet earth! get gorgeous art and fascinating facts all in one incredible series.


shock stories

a sinister series of chilling art & shocking terror tales! includes the sinister sister series -(urban legends) free!


urban legends

the classic tales of urban lore, all drawn by terry beatty of batman comics fame. get shock stories included free! order!


the time machine

the grandfather of all time-travel stories, and still the best! just 166 boxes made! 


island of dr. moreau


h.g. wells' chilling tale of horror, all the more believable in today's gene-splicing world. just 166 boxes made. 



war of the worlds

the first and best alien invasion story, inspiring countless imitations, but no real rivals. just 166 boxes made. 



tune in for terror
the golden age of radio horror & sci-fi, brought alive with original art. 

monster movie classics series 1
the very best of classic horror flicks with detailed commentary and film facts. only 2,000 numbered sets made.

monster movie classics series 2
the classic killer "b" films, a dynamite follow up to series one, but with dramatic duotone spot color. 

the night slasher
a eerie homage to the classic nightstalker series. just 50 boxes made!  

monsterwax promos 
monsterwax promos are scarce, cheap, and include free postage in the usa. get the above 2007 philly promo free with any purchase over $9 (but by request only).
 
watch the monsterwax interview on p.i.p. (pincelled in podcast) ep. 49 from 2022






all images and content ©2024 monsterwax 
monsterwax.com










