


american forklift scale



american forklift scale llc – forklift and loader hydraulic scales
















































 +1 (888) 640-2725 
  24x7 tech support 



   
   
   

get free quote









  


 



home
products
services 

support
faq
contact
dealer discounts


about












american forklift scale specializes in onboard hydraulic weighing, with solutions for forklifts, rotators, front-loaders, hay squeeze lifts, skid-steers, and more.
 
for inquiries and pricing, call us at (888) 640-2725 !
(or email us at sales@americanforkliftscale.com)
 learn more  














american forklift scale offers static onboard-scales for all types of hydraulic-driven lifts. our scales enable users to increase loading and transporting efficiencies, maximize payloads, and minimize the risk of overweight fines. 














how does the scale work?

our forklift scales work by using our proprietary software and a sensor to read your forklift’s hydraulic pressure and produce an accurate measure of the weight of the load being lifted.







who should use our scale?

our scales are highly versatile and rugged and can be used with any hydraulic-driven lift systems. with a maximum load weight of 100,000lbs with no de-rating, our scales can be used for any use case where an accurate measure of load weight is required. 







why american forklift scale?

beyond our scale’s accuracy and durability, we pride ourselves on exceptional customer service. we offer 24/7 u.s.-based phone support so our staff can listen to and understand your weighing needs, from initial installation to calibration and technical support. 







how accurate are our scales?

our scales provide accuracy of 98-99% with a minimum load of 400lbs. 







how can our scales save you time and money?

our scales are designed to work in fast-paced work settings for continuous use, meaning you save time by no longer needing to travel back and forth to a fixed scale. in addition to providing accurate and real time weighing for better warehouse management, using our forklift scales will also increase safety in the workplace by keeping your forklifts from being overloaded.







try our scale for free

we want you to test drive our scale system today! we offer a 21 day test drive of our scale systems so that you know it works for you and the best part is that it didn’t cost you a dime. be sure to call or email us today to get your free trial of our scale system.











https://americanforkliftscale.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/whatsapp-video-2021-03-20-at-1.34.01-am.mp4 















free 21 day test drive, try before you buy! 



not sure about testing out a new product? we offer a 21 day test drive of our scale systems so that you know it works for you. be sure to call or email us today to get your free trial of our scale system. 










(888) 640-2725














sales representative














tech support




























 

















 





 









 









 





 

















 






























david bergerowner / pizza equipment professionals read more 


						we purchased an ltws-1 from american forklift scale. our ups audits have been reduced by 80% and the scale has paid for itself!					






katie scottpape material handling read more 


						american forklift scale has been a great partner for the last 10 years, our customers are pleased with the ltws-1					







previous



next




















 




forklift scaleturn your forklifts into “scales on wheels!” use the accuload ltws-1 on your lift truck to accurately weigh those loads and stop losing money. 








 




front / bucket loader scalethe accuload model ltws-12 vehicle scale is a dual sensor indicator. weigh using our scale and see the accuracy immediately after filling up the bucket. 








 




bin / scout truck scaleweigh your small container, bin and dumpster loads while your truck is at the pick-up location and add real dollars to your gross operating profit. 








 




hay squeeze scalelifting fifty bales of hay with a hay squeeze sure beats loading them one by one. but knowing exactly how much hay you’re loading can be tricky. 












 




thermal printerthe porti-kt40 printer can be installed on forklifts and operates from a connection to the forklift battery and is an ideal choice for warehousing logistics. 








 




power converterat american forklift scale, we don’t only sell scales for all your industrial applications, we also have accessories to make sure those scales perform at high efficiency. 








 




american forklift scale supportwe have a list of support documents needed for anything from setting up your new scale indicator, calibrating to warranties. 





















  
  the american forklift scale family brings over 85 years of combined experience in “on board weighing”. established in 1989, we offer the best real person phone support in the industry.

 

 services 


 products 


 address 


  6100 horseshoe bar rd. suite a-326
loomis, ca 95650



 call: (888) 640-2725





 









                                copyright ©2021 all rights reserved

                            










terms & conditions |
privacy policy |
site map 













  



 × 























































