




 


great cove boat club - gcbc home












log in



























remember me
forgot password









 






gcbc home






slips & services






about us






upcoming events






weather









welcome to great cove boat club









great cove boat club is a small association of sail and power boat enthusiasts who dock their vessels at our marina along the piscataqua river in eliot, maine. founded in 1988, we have approximately 70 members occupying 89 slips and 14 moorings.
the club's main goal is to provide a safe and sociable home port for its members. the club hosts a variety of social gatherings, offers opportunities to develop good seamanship skills through classes and workshops, and provides facilities for berthing, maintaining and storing its members' vessels. the club also strives to foster an appreciation of the marine environment and maritime interests, as well as the seafaring heritage of the maine and new hampshire region.
















 
services

due to our unique location, we are able to offer a number of services to the boating public, including:

winter storage, in water or upland
shrink wrap
haul out rail system into a heated boat house



amenities

the great cove clubhouse provides a spacious meeting room where members enjoy chatting over morning coffee and hold frequent potluck dinners. the clubhouse features:

full kitchen facilities
restrooms and showers
laundry facilities
ice machine
meeting space
internet access

during summer, a large tented area with picnic tables and gas grills serves as a popular evening gathering place for cook-outs and the telling of tall tales.

docks

among the amenities that great cove members enjoy dockside are:

electricity
fresh water
convenient fuel dock for members


 
upcoming  gcbc events!!


new events coming soon












become a memberwhether you're interested in purchasing an equity membership, including exclusive slip rights, or renting a seasonal slip as an associate member, check us out. all of our members consider great cove home.
we are one of only a few marinas on the piscataqua river. we are located across from portsmouth on the maine side of the river. we have a full time marina manager and staff to take care of you and all your needs during our summer season. we also offer off season storage, both in and out of the water. your boat never has to leave.
please contact the operation's manager or membership chair for more information and to schedule a tour. come explore what we have to offer.











  directionsdirections by sea:
gps coordinates:
43°05.77' n
070°46.00' w

enter the piscataqua river from red bouy 2kr.
pass whaleback light, keeping red bouy 2 on the starboard side.
proceed upriver past the old naval prison and portsmouth naval shipyard (starboard side).
portsmouth, nh will be on the port side.
pass under memorial bridge, sarah long bridge, and us route 95 bridge.
great cove boat club is just past the us route 95 bridge on the starboard side.

directions by land:
great cove boat club is at 225 main street, eliot, maine, 03903.
note:some older mapping software has the numbers on main street reversed. if you find yourself far from the river, try #1 main street.












contact us
tel: (207) 439-8872225 main street eliot me 03903
contact:      greatcove@comcast.nethttp://www.greatcove.org/winter hoursmonday - friday8am - 4pmclosed weekendswinter fuel dock hours (members only)monday - friday8am - 3:30 pmclosed weekends







facebook


instagram















powered by wild apricot membership software







