




salida colorado visitors guide - business directory, dining guide, lodging guide, travel resource, whitewater rafting, four wheeling



























contact us     advertise   site map  


             
            









home
best of

about salida
mountains and 14ers
whitewater rafting
rock hounding
wildlife watching
river fun
4 wheeling and atv
fishing
ghost towns


art & culture

salida art and artists
art gallery list
music and culture
art events
featured artist


recreation

whitewater fun
cycling
camping
golfing
hiking
horseback riding
hot springs
hunting
outdoors
ski and snowboard
snowmobiling


lodging

salida hotels and motels
salida bed & breakfast
salida vacation homes
salida campgrounds


dining

recommended restaurants
restaurants
caterers
wine and spirits
bars and pubs


community

socio-economic profile
churches
education
maps
demographics
relocation
clubs & orgs
sports groups & clubs
government


information

search salida.com
newspapers and media
salida history
salida google maps
events calendar
about salida
salida.com legal


real estate

salida realtors
salida home rentals
salida appraisers
socio-economic profile


photos























contact us
monty@salida.com
  

welcome to salida colorado



the colorado mountain town of salida sits in the middle of the state, literally in the "heart of the rockies," about 2 hours from colorado springs and 3 hours from denver. our town is a welcoming western retreat for everyone, from the solo outdoors adventure seeker to couples yearning for a romantic escape or families who wish to ‘play and stay’ in the glorious rocky mountains. here one can be inspired by the endless mountain activities, ample opportunities to reconnect with a loved one, and just plain old fun times for families. and it can all happen without breaking the bank.
 located in central colorado in the upper arkansas river valley, salida has more than a dozen 14,000-foot tall mountain peaks, surpassing all other colorado regions. it is an outdoors paradise with year-round activities—at non-resort prices—that includes an almost complete a-to-z adventure list: archery, biking, camping, climbing, fishing, four-wheeling, golfing, hiking, hunting, kayaking, picnicking, rock hounding, skateboarding, skiing, snowboarding,  and and snowmobiling. 
 salida is not limited to typical colorado mountain adventures. visitors can take a leisurely stroll along tree-lined streets and into the downtown area where century-old redbrick buildings offer café fare to fine dining and art galleries display whimsical art pieces to upscale aesthetics. our town of about 5500 residents was included in the guidebook america's 100 best small art towns. 
 those who want to roam beyond the several block downtown area can pound the paths of the area's extensive bike & trail system or follow the winding arkansas river. a short drive out of town takes you to ghost towns, mining camps, and reminders of salida's railroad transport past. 
 if a relaxing colorado vacation is what you really want, then try the soothing natural hot spring waters of mt. princeton resort and spa. the resort offers day passes for bathers, spa services, and lodging accommodations. of course you will want to recuperate after playing in the rocky mountains and bathing in the hot springs, so come and stay at one of salida’s lodging facilities. our small but vivacious town offers reasonably priced lodging that spans the spectrum of possibilities—cabins alongside the infamous arkansas river, vintage victorian rooms at one of our bed and breakfasts, and standard hotel rooms at big chain hotels or family-owned-and-operated salida hotels and motels. and you can choose your location—a downtown salida hotel or motel or perhaps something a bit more remote. other lodging options in salida include vacation home rentals, the salida hostel, camping and rv parks. 
 the region has surprisingly mild periods of weather since harsh storms arriving from the west are tempered by the mountain ranges along the continental divide. this phenomenon has given rise to the tag the "banana belt." fierce beauty, a mild climate, and a region steeped in folklore and outdoor adventures await you. with all this to offer, it is no surprise that salida has become a favorite place to retire as well as recreate. u.s. news and world report magazine called it "one of the top ten affordable retirement communities in the us."

come to salida, the little town with lots to offer that is the “gem of the rockies.” 

 
 
 




salida is #1 in metromix's
              "25 small colorado towns 
              to visit under $100" list.            
read the 2011 
              
              socio economic 
              profile of chaffee county 




forecast
radar
cameras
photos














back by popular demand salida and regional news sources. 
two new photo galleries of salida and the chaffee county countryside.
salida.com privacy policy











 
see what others have to say about salida.
              
 

most popular!
recreation
photo gallery
real estate
hot springs
salida lodging 














all
  content ©1998-2020 salida.com and monty holmes-monty@salida.com.  content written by rita washko (rmw enterprises), technical and science writer.




