







homepage - catholic review








































































 

















 
 




 skip to main content skip to secondary menu skip to primary sidebar skip to footercatholic reviewinspiring the archdiocese of baltimore


 menu

search for:home
news  
 




local news
world news
vatican news
obituaries
featured video
en español
sports news
official clergy assignments
schools news






commentary  
 




contributors  

question corner
george weigel
elizabeth scalia
michael r. heinlein
effie caldarola
guest commentary






cr columnists  

archbishop william e. lori
rita buettner
christopher gunty
george matysek jr.
mark viviano
father joseph breighner
father collin poston
robyn barberry
hanael bianchi
amen columns










entertainment  
 




events
movie & television reviews
arts & culture
books
recipes






about us  
 




contact us
our history
meet our staff
photos to own
books/cds/prayer cards
cr media platforms
electronic edition






advertising
shop  
 




purchase photos
books/cds/prayer cards
magazine subscriptions
archdiocesan directory






cr radio  
 




cr radio
protagonistas de fe






news tips
subscribe



 




























radio interview: the oscars and hollywood











pope’s therapy adjusted again after tests reveal ‘polymicrobial infection’











catholic groups struggle to bring hope to haiti’s children amid violence at level of ‘living hell’











annual collection ‘ever more urgent’ for church in ukraine, former soviet states, says bishop











prayers, adoration and getting back to basics of faith seen as ways to encourage vocations


















local news










radio interview: the oscars and hollywood

catholic review staff
february 17, 2025


catholic review editor christopher gunty, along with guest co-host ann augherton of the arlington catholic herald, had a wide-ranging, sometimes wild, conversation with two catholic movie experts: pauline sister rose pacatte and john mulderig, film reviewer for osv news. hear their recommendations for the winners, and what they wished the entertainment industry would focus on…







a special engagement at sacred heart of mary for graceland park couple

katie v. jones
february 14, 2025


brandon holthaus and veronica meusel are still making plans on where they will get married. they are grateful that the proposal took place at sacred heart of mary.







high school students invited to participate in human trafficking video contest

catholic review staff
february 13, 2025


high school students across the united states are invited to participate in a contest to create short videos outlining what they would do to help prevent human trafficking. sponsored by the alliance to end human trafficking, an outreach of u.s. catholic religious sisters, the contest includes monetary prizes of $1,000 for first place, $750 for…







parish records transfer to seated parish for merging faith communities

katie v. jones
february 13, 2025


with the closing and merging of many churches in the archdiocese of baltimore before the beginning of this year as part of the seek the city to come pastoral planning initiative, more than just parishioners were moved to a new location.






more local news




world news










dolan: flight diverted, grounded in canada shows ‘jesus is in charge, not us’

gina christian
february 17, 2025


a diverted trip, a grounded flight and an unexpected stay in canada showed that “jesus … is in charge, not us,” said cardinal timothy m. dolan of new york in a feb. 15 homily.







as rebels in congo take bukavu, church leaders decry violence, disrespect for international law

ngala killian chimton
february 17, 2025


after the m23 rwanda-backed rebels feb. 16 occupied bukavu, a second major city in mineral-rich eastern congo, catholic bishops and experts are warning this offensive in the provinces of north and south kivu signals a clear intent to establish a permanent foreign country presence in the region.







shevchuk: christ, in need and danger, ‘is waiting for you’ in ukraine

gina christian
february 17, 2025


major archbishop shevchuk shared his thoughts on justice, peace, hope and evangelization amid the war, which has been declared a genocide in two joint reports from the new lines institute and the raoul wallenberg centre for human rights.







church expresses solidarity with victims’ families, demands answers after guatemala bus crash

eduardo campos lima
february 17, 2025


a week after a horrendous bus crash killed at least 54 in guatemala city feb. 10, including children, a shocked nation and the church are demanding answers from the government on regulating the treacherous bus travel business in the country.






more world news







commentary













look to the skies

scott p. richert
february 17, 2025


when we experience the beauty of a sunset and that yearning in our soul, we may grasp for just a moment what it means to be made in the image and likeness of god.







documenting jesus

carole norris greene
february 17, 2025


here in the united states, the threat of facing mass deportation due to the absence of proper documentation does not have to be faced alone.







breakfast casserole time

rita buettner
february 16, 2025


warm, hearty breakfasts are perfect for wintry days.







russia’s sacrilegious war on ukraine 

george weigel
february 13, 2025


those responsible for devising u.s. foreign policy should recognize how that train wreck helps define russia’s ongoing assault on ukraine, even as it conditions any resolution of the war worthy of the name “peace.”







who are ss. cyril and methodius, the other feb. 14 saints?

j.j. ziegler
february 13, 2025


not as widely known in the united states as st. valentine are two other saints at the top of the list on feb. 14, and recent popes have repeatedly sought to draw greater attention to them.






more commentary










featured video







a look at pope francis’ general audience feb. 12.




primary sidebar


for the latest news delivered twice a week via email or text message, sign up to receive our free enewsletter.












 | most popular |

 ‘the chosen’ actor shares how portraying an apostle rebooted his faith 
 pope accepts resignation of archbishop of cincinnati, bishop of sioux city, iowa 
 parish records transfer to seated parish for merging faith communities 
 who are ss. cyril and methodius, the other feb. 14 saints? 
 navigating world of dating can be a challenge for catholics 



| current edition |





| seek the city to come |
parish records transfer to seated parish for merging faith communitiesparishioners unite to chart course for st. vincent de paul, st. leofinal polka mass offered at sacred heart of mary on 50th anniversary of thanksgiving traditionparishioners remember, celebrate faith communities as seek the city parishes prepare to unitecorpus christi embraces new mission of campus, marriage ministries
| 2023 attorney general’s report |
maryland supreme court rules 2023 child victims act is constitutionalmediation framework set for archdiocesan bankruptcyprogress toward mediation in archdiocesan bankruptcy casesurvivors committee and archdiocese discuss next steps in bankruptcy casedeadline arrives for claims in archdiocese of baltimore’s bankruptcy case
| catholic review radio |
catholicreview · catholic review radio
| movie & television reviews |
radio interview: the oscars and hollywoodmovie review: ‘heart eyes’home viewing roundup: what’s available to stream and what’s on horizon‘the chosen’ actor shares how portraying an apostle rebooted his faithacademy awards best picture nominees at a glance
| en español |
equipo médico vuelve a modificar el tratamiento del papa después de que las pruebas revelan una ‘infección polimicrobiana’el papa ha sido internado en el hospital para pruebas y tratamiento de bronquitisrecen, hagan penitencia, hagan todo lo posible por la paz, dice el papa en su audiencialas escuelas católicas de baltimore son accesibles para la comunidad hispanataller católico brinda apoyo y recursos ante cambios en el panorama migratorio
footerour vision
real life. real faith. 
catholic review media communicates the gospel and its impact on people’s lives in the archdiocese of baltimore and beyond.


our mission
catholic review media provides intergenerational communications that inform, teach, inspire and engage catholics and all of good will in the mission of christ through diverse forms of media.


contact
catholic review
320 cathedral street
baltimore, md 21201
443-524-3150
mail@catholicreview.org
 


social media
facebookinstagramtwitteryoutube


recent


dolan: flight diverted, grounded in canada shows ‘jesus is in charge, not us’


as rebels in congo take bukavu, church leaders decry violence, disrespect for international law


shevchuk: christ, in need and danger, ‘is waiting for you’ in ukraine


equipo médico vuelve a modificar el tratamiento del papa después de que las pruebas revelan una ‘infección polimicrobiana’


church expresses solidarity with victims’ families, demands answers after guatemala bus crash


radio interview: the oscars and hollywood


pope’s therapy adjusted again after tests reveal ‘polymicrobial infection’


pope calls artists to be ‘custodians of the beatitudes’ during jubilee


at vatican, museum directors look at conveying art’s religious meaning



search
search for:

membership
catholic media assocation
maryland-delaware-dc press association
the associated church press


© 2025 catholic review media, all rights reserved 


























