











home - families for depression awareness

























































































 





 















skip to content





















































donate



























 
what we do focus on family support for caregivers educate end stigma prevent suicidescaregiving who is a caregiver? understanding your role self-care finding care paying for carehelp someone why you matter help an adult help a teen help yourself help someone in crisis



























 
get involved ways to give raise money volunteer share your story evening of hope and discoveryresources blog expert interviews family stories how ffda helps online tests and tools webinars massachusetts workshops publicationsabout us history staff and board corporate members ffda store contact


























































donate































































 
what we do focus on family support for caregivers educate end stigma prevent suicidescaregiving who is a caregiver? understanding your role self-care finding care paying for carehelp someone why you matter help an adult help a teen help yourself help someone in crisisget involved ways to give raise money volunteer share your story an evening of hope & discoveryresources how ffda helps online tests and tools blog expert interviews family stories webinars massachusetts workshops publicationsabout us history staff and board corporate members ffda store contact








 


















 
worried about adultworried about an adult in your life?if an adult you care about is struggling, you can help! our educational resources help you learn about mood disorders and what you can do to be supportive.
learn how to help an adultworried about teenworried about a teen in your life?is your teen showing signs of a mental health condition? with our webinars and teen-focused resources, you can learn to identify teen anxiety or depression and how to get them help.
learn how to help a teenstressedstressed? take our test for results and resourceswhile you are caring for others, you might be neglecting your own well-being. our stress test measures your level of stress – and gives you resources to help reduce and manage it.
take the stress testcaregiverare you a caregiver?if you’re providing emotional, logistical, or other support to a person living with depression or bipolar disorder, you’re a caregiver. tap into our wealth of information so you can help others and stay well in the process.
learn about the caregiver's rolefamileswe help familiesthrough webinars, workshops, videos, publications, this website, and more, we help caregivers feel equipped and confident to support their loved ones on the path to mental wellness.
learn what we dosupport missionsupport our missionwe are dedicated to serving the needs of family caregivers...
donate 




















welcome to families for depression awareness





















online tests & tools 



 


















webinars 



 

















families for depression awareness helps families recognize and cope with depression and bipolar disorder to get people well and prevent suicides 

























ending stigma





















family caregiver support
























suicide prevention





















support us
























what is a mood disorder?






“mood disorders” is a category of mental health conditions that includes all the forms of depression, such as major depressive disorder, postpartum depression, bipolar disorder i and ii, and dysthymia. in the u.s. alone, 1 in 5 adults experiences an episode of depression in their lifetime. more than 7 million adults live with bipolar disorder. and between 3 and 4 million teens experience depression every year.
to learn more about how mood disorders affect individuals and families, read our publications.







explore now



















dysthymia




click for more



























depression




click for more






















bipolar disorder




click for more































what do you need help with?











 
knowing if i’m a “caregiver” 01knowing if i’m a “caregiver” 
your support of a person living with depression or bipolar disorder can make a huge difference and help them on the path to wellness. learn what’s involved in being an effective caregiver.
knowing my role02knowing my role
there are lots of things you can do to support your loved one. it can be hard to know when you are helping too much or not enough.
keeping my own stress level down03keeping my own stress level down
you can’t pour from an empty glass! you have to take care of yourself if you are going to help anyone else.
finding a therapist or prescriber04finding a therapist or prescriber
finding care can be a trial and error process. there are some steps you can take to make the process easier
managing a crisis situation05managing a crisis situation
if your loved one is considering suicide, you need to act quickly. learn what to look for and how you can help them.
 





























mood disorders are among the most prevalent mental health conditions, affecting about 20% of people over their lifetime. depression and bipolar disorder are contributing factors in most suicides. accessing effective treatment and having the caring support of a family member or friend can mean the difference between a person who gets well and one who dies by suicide.
 
in the united states:









30m










the number of people who experience a mood disorder in a year










32










average hours per week mental health caregivers of adults spend assisting their loved ones












11










average delay in years between when symptoms of mental illness appear and treatment begins










80










percentage of people treated for depression who start getting better within 4 to 6 weeks




















want to help a loved one? we’ve got what you need to know!






is someone you love struggling with depression or bipolar disorder and you’re not sure what to do? you’ve come to the right place. explore our website and resources to find information and strategies to help your loved one get well and stay well.








get educated






our webinars, videos, website, and publications help you build the skills and confidence to be an effective support for your loved one.







start learning










get involved






families for depression awareness appreciates the volunteers and donors who generously support our mission. you can move us toward a world where people are not afraid to ask for help and where families can stay united as they face life with depression or bipolar disorder.







donate








volunteer










get help immediately







call now







if your loved one is actively considering suicide or is an imminent risk to self or others, contact crisis support at 800-273-8255 or text






listen to 741741.




















our blogs











latest from the blog






















caregiver education



supporting your child’s mental health at school




									february 12, 2025							













family stories



managing bipolar disorder: aimee’s story




									january 22, 2025							













caregiver education



bipolar disorder treatment:  hope on the horizon




									january 6, 2025							















 














sign up for our newsletter






get a monthly update and announcements about our programs and events.









name(required)


first



last

email(required)


  











































po box 540147waltham, ma 02454 










(781) 890-0220 main office(615) 604-1114 nashville office 










call 988 for the national suicide prevention lifeline 













info@familyaware.org 










quick links







what we do focus on family support for caregivers educate end stigma prevent suicidescaregiving who is a caregiver? understanding your role self-care finding care paying for carehelp someone why you matter help an adult help a teen help yourself help someone in crisisget involved ways to give raise money volunteer share your story an evening of hope & discoveryresources how ffda helps online tests and tools blog expert interviews family stories webinars massachusetts workshops publicationsabout us history staff and board corporate members ffda store contact








follow us on social media













@familyaware















@familyaware















families-for-depression-awareness 














@ffda1 














@familyaware 


















© 2025 families for depression awareness. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of use | designed & developed by redstart creative








 




dysthymia
also called persistent depressive disorder. a medical condition that causes persistent mild depression.











depression
also known as major depressive disorder (“mdd”). a medical condition that can cause a persistent feeling of sadness and loss of interest. can affect how a person feels, thinks, and behaves. if left untreated, could lead to suicidal thoughts.











bipolar disorder
a chronic medical condition causing extreme mood swings including emotional highs (mania) and lows (depression). people living with bipolar i disorder experience depression and have had at least one manic episode. people living with bipolar ii disorder experience depression and hypomania (a milder version of mania).







scroll to top 




















































