


eve sex tape - eve sextape download






















    
	eve sex tape - eve sextape download
	
  



previous posts

eve sex tape
eve sex video?
eve's porn that won't go away
biography of eve

archives

may 2005
june 2005


links

2k6
download sex tapes
jenna lewis
cameron diaz sex tape
free paris hilton sex tape
mega site list
referrers list
free porn
michelle vieth sex tape
poop shit destroyer
celebrity sex tapes
void out
sex tape video
free sex
paris hilton sextape
dump porn
celebrity sex video
eve sex tape
celebs unzipped
hot women
porn
google news





wednesday, june 29, 2005



	 
	 eve sex tape
	 
    


 it has been revealed that eve (of destruction) of the ruff ryders has been caught in action in the hottest sex tape of the year. the eve sex tape shows eve, 27, is seen in the video, showing off her hot naked body and being toyed with by an unknown black guy. the eve sex tape was released onto the net earlier this week for all to see. if you've ever wanted to see eve, an ex-stripper, like you've never seen her before then you need to check out this sex tape. you should check out eve's naked body in this sex video, it's simply amazing. celebs unzipped has this tape in their members section for everyone to download, along with all other tapes on this site! this sex tape is the hottest thing on the net since the paris hilton sex tape and we all know how hot that baby was! this is definately the only thing you wanna check out on the net.



posted by jay @ 2:29 am 

       





thursday, june 16, 2005



	 
	 eve sex video?
	 
    


rumors are that famous female rapper eve has a erotic sex video of her that has leaked on the internet, we'll keep you informed!



posted by jay @ 3:32 am 

       





friday, may 20, 2005



	 
	 eve's porn that won't go away
	 
    


"i used to strip so it could be me or it could not be me." that's what eve told the ny daily news recently when questioned about nude pictures of her being circulated by a blackmailer. but the freaky nude picture sent to sohh.com recently is undeniably eve, raising the issue of how this scandal will impact the young fashionista as she approaches the launch of her new clothing line, the barbershop sequel and a self-titled upn comedy scheduled to air this fall. the picture, taken at a party 8 years ago during eve's younger stripper days, features the "pit bull in a skirt" sitting on what appears to be a man while she receives oral sex from another woman as onlookers watch.last year, the philly rapper admitted that an unknown man was attempting to blackmail her using the pictures in hope of stripping money away from the platinum rap star. the man had also approached several media outlets with the photos. it is unclear whether or not this photo is being circulated courtesy of the blackmailer or simply an opportunist looking for exposure. the photo was emailed to sohh by a person only known as "rob fantasy" from a miami, florida-based porn site, fantasyentertainment.net. rob claims he is not the blackmailer, and received the picture from an ex-boyfriend of eve's. the porn proprietor also claims he has other pictures available and ready to publish, prompting the question of whether this scandal will continue to gain momentum and ultimately tarnish the rapper's rising star.



posted by jay @ 7:22 pm 

       





tuesday, may 10, 2005



	 
	 biography of eve
	 
    


eve was one of a new breed of tough, talented, commercially viable female mcs to hit the rap scene during the late '90s. though she could be sexy when she chose, she wasn't as over the top as lil' kim or foxy brown, and as part of the ruff ryders posse, her production was harder than da brat's early work with jermaine dupri. in the end, eve came off as her own person; a strong, no-nonsense street mc who could hold her own with most anyone on the mic; and was finding success on her own terms. she was born eve jihan jeffers in philadelphia on november 10, 1978, and started out as a singer in her early teens, performing with an all-female vocal quintet. she was also honing her skills as a rapper in impromptu battles with friends, and before she left high school, she formed a female rap duo called edgp (pronounced "egypt"), adopting the name gangsta. edgp performed at local talent shows and club gigs, often to the detriment of eve's dedication to school. when the group broke up, she went solo and changed her name to eve of destruction; she also moved to the bronx in the wake of her mother's remarriage, and worked for a time as a table dancer at a strip club. unhappy with this direction, she decided to give rap another shot after being encouraged by mase. through some of her friends, eve scored a meeting with dr. dre in los angeles, and surprised him by turning it into an audition. dre liked what he heard and signed her to a one-year deal with his new label, aftermath. eve recorded a few tracks, including one, "eve of destruction," that ended up on the bulworth soundtrack in 1998. however, aftermath was searching for a direction at the time, and eve wound up lost in the shuffle. her contract expired without an album even in the works, but fortunately, she'd met dmx when the rising new star was in los angeles promoting his smash debut, it's dark and hell is hot. eve passed a battle-rap audition to join dmx's ruff ryders posse, and in 1999 she contributed to their label's ryde or die, vol. 1 compilation. thanks to dmx's star power, it entered the charts at number one, and eve's track, "what ya want," was released as a single. it hit the r&b top ten, and eve built more anticipation for her debut album with high-profile guest spots on the roots' "you got me" and the blackstreet/janet jackson duet "girlfriend/boyfriend." eve's first full-length was titled let there be eve...ruff ryders first lady and released in september 1999. with ruff ryders the biggest name in rap, the album was an instant smash; it entered the charts at number one -- the first time a female rapper had ever accomplished that feat -- and went on to sell over two million copies. eve also scored hits with the r&b top ten "gotta man" and the antidomestic violence track "love is blind," and guested on missy "misdemeanor" elliott's hit "hot boyz." after touring in support of the record, eve returned to the studio and delivered her follow-up, scorpion, in early 2001. the album received strong reviews and topped the r&b charts, while debuting at number four on the pop side. lead single "who's that girl?" had some chart success, but it was the follow-up, a duet with no doubt's gwen stefani called "let me blow ya mind," that really broke eve on the pop charts. the song rocketed to number two and went on to win a grammy in the newly created category of best rap/sung collaboration; it also helped scorpion go platinum. eve next set about establishing a movie career; she made her box-office debut in the vin diesel action blockbuster xxx, which was released in the summer of 2002. not long after, she was also seen in a prominent supporting role in the ice cube comedy barbershop. amid all this activity, eve released her third album, eve-olution, in august 2002. it debuted in the top ten, and found eve returning to the soul singing of her youth on a surprising number of tracks. the single "gangsta lovin'," which featured guest vocals from alicia keys, was a number two smash on both the pop and r&b charts, and the follow-up "satisfaction" was nominated for a grammy. in early 2003, eve signed with the upn network to produce and star in a multiracial sitcom about a fashion designer. ~ steve huey, all music guide



posted by jay @ 7:18 am 

       









 








