









your journey begins here — cox college




































































skip to content








click here to learn more about the fast track workforce incentive grant

















go to cox college home









programs nursing associate of science in nursing bachelor of science in nursing master of science in nursing radiologic sciences and imaging associate of science in radiography bachelor of science in diagnostic imaging occupational therapy master of science in occupational therapy occupational therapy doctorate program nutrition master of science in nutrition diagnostics graduate programadmissions admissions registrar financial aid affording your education scholarship info tuition and feesabout accreditations, approvals, and certifications administration board of trustees faculty and stafflog inapply now












search



















 
academicsalumniblogadditional servicescareersfaculty portalstudent portalprogramsadmissionsapply now








 















motivated. dedicated. educated.






only few were made to heal.






conquer your medical career and impact your community with excellence.

















apply now




schedule a tour


 



































find your perfect fit


choose from a variety of programs to find the best fit for your passion. 
















nursing 
prepare yourself for a life-changing career as an asn, bsn, or msn, and master the decision making processes you need to provide the highest-quality care.

associate of science in nursing
bachelor of science in nursing
master of science in nursing

 
 

















radiologic sciences and imaging 
master your diagnostic and imaging skills in our vigorous learning environment, packed with a variety of real-world training and cutting edge technology.

associate of science in radiography
bachelor of science in diagnostic imaging

 
 

















occupational therapy 
be the champion for patients on the journey back to a normal life. this multi-modal program will equip you to change lives in a diverse world of healthcare environments.

master of science in occupational therapy
occupational therapy doctorate program

 
 

















nutrition 
take up your starring role in medical nutrition therapy.

master of science in nutrition diagnostics graduate program

 
 






























financing your education


accessible for everyone 








make the right choice for your education without taking on an unnecessary financial burden.
last year, over $300,000 in scholarships were awarded to cox college students who applied.












see scholarships




apply for aid


 







































you are here











moresupport 
our 11:1 student-to-professor ratio provides more personal attention than community colleges.
 
 











moreconnections 
a strong partnership with a 12,000+ member healthcare organization.
 
 











moremoney 
cox college graduates make more money coming out of school than other local comparable colleges.
 
 









your new career





























career placement rate








have your career secured before graduation day and begin your life as a medical hero.



































you matter here























get the personal training you need to learn and lead.






extremely high student-to-professor ratio (11:1) means you receive the attention you deserve
tutorship is always one-to-one—whether face-to-face or online
train for the real world in our brand new, state-of-the-art facilities






99% of our students are accepted for financial aid






speed up your hiring process with an on-site coxhealth recruiter
choose from a broad range of career opportunities in our medically-rich community







apply now


























careersthat pay  












associate of science in radiography








avg. starting salary:$62,280 
source: bureau of labor statistics
 
 































 
9/10 students find a job before graduation 











 
simple scholarship and financial aid process 











 
on-site coxhealth recruiter speeds up clinical process 









































your journey starts today!






lives are calling, and not just your own. enroll in a program at cox college to answer the call and begin your career as a healthcare professional. your heroic dedication will go on to save lives, facilitate healing, and preserve hope in patients for years to come.
 












 






































cox college facebook - opens in a new window





cox college instagram - opens in a new window





cox college twitter - opens in a new window











1423 n jefferson ave.
springfield, mo 65802
417-269-3401

















compliance & consumer information | privacy statement
© 2025 cox college. all rights reserved.









 














