











industrial generators & power systems | depco power systems










































































 




















 sales: 800.723.3726 | +1.713.675.6100 int’l 8am – 5pm cst


depco power systems







homeinventory





generator setsnew and used generator sets from caterpillar, cummins, and other major brands.generator endsnew and used generator ends from 100kw to 3,000kwindustrial enginesdiesel and natural gas engines for industrial applications.special pricingbrowse for special markdowns on select units. 


marine diesel enginesnew, rebuilt, and used commercial marine engines.marine transmissionsused and rebuilt transmissions for commercial applications.power unitsdiesel and natural gas engines for industrial applications.liquidationbrowse for steep discounts. all sales final, units sold as-is 


radiatorssurplus and used radiators from caterpillar, cummins and other major brands.miscellaneous partsbrowse our miscellaneous parts from crankshafts to fuel tanks and more.transfer switchesnew and used automatic transfer switches from leading manufacturers. 
 




 subscribe to email alerts get the latest inventory, great deals, or alerts of specific products right to your email each week.

 
 

resources

buyer's resourcesblogcase studyfaqglossaryhurricane preparednessmanufacturers
about us

our process and guaranteesales teamdepco events
contact us

registersign in
  ready now

ready to shipready to ship within 7 daysspecial pricingliquidation
sell your equipmenthome








commercial & industrial diesel generators, engines, and power units






at depco we buy and sell power generation equipment worldwide. in stock, ready to ship!














generator sets 
new and used generator sets from caterpillar, cummins, and other major brands.
 






 











generator ends 
new and used generator ends from 100kw to 3,000kw
 






 











industrial engines 
diesel and natural gas engines for industrial applications.
 






 













marine engines 
new, rebuilt, and used commercial marine engines.
 






 











marine transmissions 
used and rebuilt transmissions for commercial applications.
 






 











power units 
diesel and natural gas power units for industrial applications.
 






 













radiators 
surplus and used radiators from caterpillar, cummins and other major brands.
 






 











miscellaneous parts 
browse our miscellaneous parts from crankshafts to fuel tanks and more.
 






 











transfer switches 
new and used automatic transfer switches from leading manufacturers.
 






 













special pricing 
browse for special markdowns on select units.
 






 











liquidation sale! 
browse for steep discounts. all sales final, units sold as-is
 






 











subscribe to email alerts 
get the latest inventory, great deals, or alerts of specific products right to your email each week.
 






 




















depco sells and buys power generation equipment for a wide range of industries






we offer commercial and industrial diesel and natural gas engines, power units, and diesel generator sets for prime power. we are a leading power generation equipment supplier that provides standby, emergency, and backup power solutions, ensuring continuous and reliable energy in critical situations.
depco services a variety of industries including:







 




marine and offshore 




oil and gas 




data centers 




telecommunications 




hospitals 




bitcoin and crypto mining 




grow rooms 




dredging 









buy




sell














oil and gas











telecommunications











healthcare











dredging














marine and offshore











data centers











grow rooms











crypto mining




















buy and sell industrial diesel generators,diesel engines, marine diesel engines, and more






for more than 30 years, depco power systems has been a trusted leader in the commercial and industrial generator and engine market, providing logistical expertise to assist customers in buying and selling power generation equipment worldwide. we buy and sell many types of power generation equipment including industrial diesel generators, diesel engines, marine diesel engines, transmissions, and power units. at depco, our sales team will guide you through the purchasing process to ensure the power generation equipment you need meets your specific requirements and expectations.
our 30,000-square-foot facility is conveniently located near the port of houston and is open for customer visits by scheduling an appointment. please contact our sales team to schedule a tour of our yard, check out available inventory, and witness our testing and certification process. the depco way is more than just buying and selling power equipment. it's about optimizing your valuable assets and operations.


























discover the ultimate guide to used generators by depco power systems!






are you unsure about buying a used commercial or industrial generator? from selecting a brand to considering age, size, and fuel type, our e-book will help you determine how to get the best value for your money.







get the ebook





















buying from depco is easy



















efficient process 
our purchase process is fast and easy – saving you time and money.
 
 

















wide selection 
we carry a broad range of units from leading manufacturers in a variety of sizes and capacities.
 
 

















knowledgeable staff 
our experienced sales team can help you navigate our large inventory and find the equipment that is right for your needs.
 
 

















superior quality 
our units undergo a rigorous inspection and expert servicing regimen. as about our certified units that carry the depco guarantee.
 
 

















just arrived commercial and industrial power generator inventory











rebuilt caterpillar 1825kw generator endready to shiprpm: 1800hours: 0volts: 277/480phase: three phasedepco item # 20138

rebuilt caterpillar 1825kw generator endready to shiprpm: 1800hours: 0volts: 277/480phase: three phasedepco item # 20135

new surplus  sace t6n 800 breakercondition: new surplusmodel: sace t6n 800depco item # 20131
 



























sell your used equipment to depco






we purchase equipment and assets from around the world including generator sets, generator ends, industrial and commercial engines, marine engines, marine transmissions, power units, parts and transfer switches. reach out to our purchasing team for a quote today.







 




we buy from anywhere in the world 




work with industry expert buyers 




get paid fast 




 sell your equipment to us "as-is" 




our process is quick and easy 







get a no-obligation offer




























key factors when sourcing industrial diesel engines 
when looking for the right diesel engine for an industrial application, you want to source it from a reputable manufacturer that will ...
continue reading → 













3 ways to convert generator frequency to produce 50hz & 60hz power 
generator frequency adjustment is crucial for industries that rely on global power standards, particularly the 50hz and 60hz specifications. this is especially ...
continue reading → 













understanding generator voltage differences 
industries rely on various power systems, making it vital to understand generator voltage levels for compliance and efficiency generators are categorized into ...
continue reading → 




















we buy and sell popular brands of power equipment







































































get free hot deals & inventory alerts sent straight to your inbox


save time and money when you buy from depco. we either have it or know where to get it fast. 







sign up
















 8123 hillsboro street
houston tx 77029
sales:
800.723.3726
+1.713.675.6100 int’l


company
depco products and service
our process and guarantee
our sales team
contact us

resources
blog
buyer’s resource
dealers & partners
winter storm preparedness

© 2025 depco power systems. all rights reservedcaterpillar, cummins, detroit diesel, and all other brand names and logos are trademarks of their respective companies.privacy policyasistencia en español




				create inventory alert			

sign up for alerts for the products you’re looking for and when our inventory is updated we’ll let you know about the latest and greatest deals
 






			×			





				save your search			

add a title for your search here. you will be able to access this search again with one click from your account page.








your search has been saved! you can now access it directly from your account management page


			close [x]			












			x			





call us toll free at 1-800-723-3726
or
direct at (713) 675-6100


			×			












			×			












			close [x]			





































