


theatrgroup method acting tips and tricks


































 press here for mobile





shelley winters interview 


ray walston interview


barry primus interview 


stuart stone interview




adrien brody interview


melissa mayo bio


harry governick bio


guestbook





 













 



what is method acting?






"to illuminate the life of the human spirit"



simply stated, "method" acting is acting "real" by using experiences 
and impressions from the actor's own life to create the parallel experiences and impressions of the life of the character 
onstage. 

lee strasberg described 
the results of this approach by stating that "conventional" acting comes 
out to you, the audience, and "shows" you, and "demonstrates" 
to you.   ["method"] acting demands that you, the audience, 
go where it is going, so that you not simply understand what the character is 
experiencing,  you also experience it.
 for those interested in understanding the "method" as taught by lee strasberg, the book on the leftreproduces the original teachings of strasberg in actor training, for the very first time. it is a stunning document in the history and ongoing practice of strasberg’s method.


 


 training in the fundamentals of relaxation, sense memory, concentration & 
imagination, the actor begins the lifelong process of using himself to breathe 
life into the fiction of the play, as his inner awareness and artistic sense of 
truth develop with time and experience.

relaxation and the actor 

 tension is the actor's greatest enemy. strasberg devised an exercise 
which helps the actor identify unwanted tension in the body, including mental 
tension, then release that tension through an act of will.  until an actor 
is properly relaxed onstage, he cannot express in purest form the thoughts and 
emotions which propel his character through the events of the play.  the 
importance of relaxation is proven repeatedly in the workshop. 



sense memory


the actor must learn to make his senses respond onstage as they do in real life.  
strasberg's sense memory exercises were developed to help the actor strengthen 
his awareness of how the senses affect him in life.  only when the actor 
believes that what he is doing on the stage is real, will the audience 
also believe that what he is doing on the stage is real.  sensory exercises 
help the actor learn to concentrate on specific "objects of attention" 
(determined from the logic of the play) and to overcome "moments of difficulty" 
in his life onstage. 








although by simply executing a 
sense memory exercise - taking a cold shower - the actor pictured at left might 
appear as though he had suddenly discovered his entire family brutally murdered.



above:  philip watt executing a 
"cold shower" sensory 
exercise. 


 


for a more complete explanation leading to a better understanding of the approach to the actors' art known as "method" acting, click on the "method acting procedures" link at the top or bottom of the page. 
 
also found within these pages is information about getting started as an actor we hope the actor will find useful.  we've included a link to information about the actors studio - the "headquarters" of "method" acting in the united states.  just click on the actors studio link at the top or bottom of the page. 




 


 





 theatre and film related links



judy kerr 
shelley winters interview
ray walston interview


method acting procedures
actors 
equity
back 
stage


 
 get started acting





 















 





shelley winters interview 


ray walston interview


barry primus interview 


stuart stone interview




adrien brody interview


melissa mayo bio


harry governick bio


guestbook





 












 


privacy policy 


 



© theatrgroup, inc. 1997- 2018 







