







automatic duck, inc.







































help


privacy




menu



automatic duck, inc.




help


privacy









 



 













multicam flattener

 | 
xsend motion

 | 
music reporter

 | 
ximport ae
 | 
media copy



flatten multicam clips in fcp
 

    convert fcp projects to motion
    
 

  	get music clip names


    fcpxml into after effects
    


    copy and collect media files
  

sign up for the mailing listmulticam flattener

finally it is possible to flatten multicam clips in final cut pro timelines!multicam clips can't be stabilized, require additional system resources to play back all the alternate angles, and users often ask to finalize or flatten their multicam clips to the actual source media in the selected angles.the multicam flattener workflow extension for final cut pro makes it possible!click here to read help articles about capabilities.demo content provided by editstock.com and editmentor.com

demo content provided by editstock.com and editmentor.comxsend motion

the missing piece between final cut pro and motion: xsend motion from automatic duck.xsend motion converts your fcp timeline into a motion project in just seconds, translating transforms like position and scale, opacity and blending modes, titles and the custom lut effect as well.a new motion project is created referencing the same media files used by final cut pro, no new media is created. you can easily adjust your footage in motion, everything is live and not baked-in.you can send an entire project from fcp to motion, or you can export the contents of a compound clip to xml and translate that into motion. your motion work can be exported back to fcp as a quicktime movie or published as a generator. any time you have a clip or set of clips in fcpx that want to use in motion, xsend motion is the tool you need to send those projects across.buy xsend motion today from fxfactory.













ximport ae

ximport ae is a powerful after effects plug-in that imports xml files from final cut pro. this plug-in offers the most complete workflow for translating a timeline from final cut pro to adobe after effects.watch the quickstart video at the right to get an introduction to ximport ae. it is a very powerful plug-in, and the best way to get to know it is to use it.buy ximport ae today from fxfactory.















automatic duck is proud to be an adobe video partnerlearn more about the adobe video partner program and search the partner directory at https://www.adobevideopartner.com/

media copy 4.0

automatic duck’s media copy is a very helpful utility that reads avid aaf exports or xml files from final cut pro, then copies the media files referenced by the project to a location you specify. this makes it very easy to identify and copy the media you need for a specific aaf or xml file. you can archive the media, or perhaps send to another computer. watch the quickstart video at the right to get an introduction to media copy.buy media copy today from fxfactory.













music reporter

music reporter is an app and workflow extension that makes it easy to get the clip names of clips set to the music role.creators often need a list of the music tracks used in their edit, to be used in a video’s credits or in a video description. copying all the clip names can be a hassle, but music reporter makes it fast and easy.

mailing list



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!







back to top









