



















































is there a type of silence that causes awkward babies? — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































swimmy180
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














swimmy180







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






is there a type of silence that causes awkward babies?
and if so, what caused all of us?


recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile

previous 10


about this journalcurrent month 123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031
mar. 13th, 2007 @ 03:08 pm (no subject)okay. i'm not apologizing. i have nothing to apologize for, except for walter being mad at me for going out with josh (and obviously i'm not sorry for doing that). and because of past events, i don't believe him. between the word of two of my friends and walter, i'm picking my friends. clearly, he's not going to apologize either, so all i want is a truce. i want to put this behind us so we can just get back to our lives.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkfeb. 28th, 2007 @ 06:50 pm the good earth spoof (i can't decide on a title)in wang lung's house. the old man is on the computer.wang lung: what are you looking at? old man shows him computer screen, it's myspace, with metallica playing (there goes your rock and roll)the old man: myspace porn site! with music! wang lung: the old man! no pornografia!the old man: spanish is verboten!wang lung: no hablo alaman! scene stops. wang lung and the old man face audience.wang lung: for those of you who don't take spanish or german, that basically means "no porn" "spanish is forbidden" and "i don't speak german" scene continues.wang lung: you shouldn't be on those sitesthe old man: you shouldn't be reading trashy teletubbies fanfics online.wang lung: eh, true. but i have to admit that one where dipsy and lala went into the ground before the sun went down...the old man: i don't want to know! just get me hot water! no tea leaves! we're too poor! wang lung: how are we too poor to buy tea leaves, but we can afford a computer?o-lan comes ino-lan: wang lung! there's something in our bed!wang lung: what...? oh you mean my new mistress. o-lan: what is she doing here? wang lung: well, we didn't do anything yet but we'll eventually.... well, you know.... don't worry, you'll still get someo-lan: yeah, about that. your "mistress"? well i saw your "mistress" and you should probably know... estella, from gay expectations comes in, wearing no clothes, but there is a censor bar over her crotch.wang lung: estella, why aren't you wearing clothes?estella: well, the original book was written by natrualists. in england, that means nudist, so i thought...wang lung: no! no, no! here and everywhere else, they are reffering to the fore fathers of emo!estella: ohwang lung: notices censor bar  so you're a guy?estella: yeswang lung: don't take this the wrong way, but you look like a girl.estella: yes, i get that a lot. in fact, my wife looks like a boy. well, she was, but then.wang lung: please! don't elaborate! let's go! estella: but you want to do it, with a guy?wang lung: better than nothing they go in the room. noises are audibleo-lan: to the old man can you believe this?the old man: eh, i've seen weirder.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkfeb. 16th, 2007 @ 07:08 pm intresting fact about me brought to you by life appparently, as of today, i am supposed to be an angry banana.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linknov. 17th, 2006 @ 07:18 pm online test, if you wanna take ithttp://www.allthetests.com/tests/lovetest.php3about this entry5 commentsleave a commentpermanent linksep. 19th, 2006 @ 03:14 pm (no subject)okay, watler, i added you to my firend's list. but in case you can't get on to my lj yet, this is honktonk badokadonk:http://youtube.com/watch?v=pnmtqiu-0nawait until he starts singing. the begining part is just the video intro. oh by the way, after this, please don't go around saying "honkytonk badonkadonk " like you have been lately. it's starting to scare peopleabout this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 8th, 2006 @ 08:08 pm (no subject)( real country music song titles:collapse )
ha, i have no life!about this entry2 commentsleave a commentpermanent linkapr. 25th, 2006 @ 07:23 pm how football is relative to schoolokay, so in math, i got bored, so i came up with this. oh yeah, walt helped too.quarterback sneak- students pretend to be sick so they can miss the last five minutes of classred flag- students challenge the test answersflag- iss or time outsudden death- what happens to the attention span of the class in the middle of the third speech on oral presentation day.trap- the teacher calls on you and you are asleephalftime- the twenty minute period into class. this is when the attention span of some of the students shuts off.touchdown- getting a tough answer rightinstant replay- the teacher messes up their overhead/notes/cheat sheet and falls on yesterday's lesson planovertime- when the teacher makes the class stay put after the bell rangfumble- bookdropinterception- you answer wrong, and the guy who answers after you gets it rightdraw play- what you'll find in the notebook of very bored studentsbenchwarmer- those who you never hear in classbackfeild-in-motion- the trip to the pencil sharpener halfback option- the descion of 50% of the class not doing the homework and/or extra credittwo-minute warning- when people realize class is almost over, pack up their things, and sit with their friends until the bell ringsblitz- the rush to get out of the classroom when the bell ringshere's the inspiration for this, courtusy of getamused.comhow football is relative to church quarterback sneak - church members quietly leaving during the closing hymn.draw play - what many children do with the order of service during worship.half-time - the period between sunday school and worship when many choose to leave.benchwarmer - those who do not sing, pray, work, or apparently do anything but sit.backfield-in-motion - making a trip to the back (restroom or water fountain) during the service.staying in the pocket - what happens to a lot of money that should be given to the lord's work.two-minute warning - the point at which you realize the sermon is almost over and begin to gather up your children and belongings.instant replay - the preacher loses his notes and falls back on last week's illustrations.sudden death - what happens to the attention span of the congregation if the preacher goes "overtime".trap - you're called on to pray and are asleep.end run - getting out of church quick, without speaking to any guest or fellow member.flex defense - the ability to allow absolutely nothing said during the sermon to affect your life.halfback option - the decision of 50% of the congregation not to return for the evening service.blitz - the rush for the restaurants following the closing prayer.about this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkapr. 19th, 2006 @ 09:15 am (no subject)sorry, but i had to post this!die-hard football fans four football fans go rock climbing one afternoon . . . . . . a cowboys fan, a packers fan, a browns fan, and a steelers fan. they had been arguing all the way up the mountain about who among them was the most "die-hard" fan.upon reaching the top of the mountain, the cowboys fan proclaimed to the other four... "this is for the dallas cowboys!" and promptly threw himself off the mountain as a form of sacrifice.not to be outdone by a cowboys fan, the packers fan jumped up and said..."this is for the green bay packers!" and then threw himself off the mountain as a form of sacrifice.refusing to be outdone by the cowboy and packer fans, the steelers fan rose to his feet and yelled at the top of his lungs "this is for the pittsburgh steelers!" and without any hesitation, pushed the cleveland browns fan off the mountain.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkmar. 19th, 2006 @ 04:24 pm gay expectations-the musicalscene onejoe: where have you been?pip: in the churchyard!joe: quick, pip! hide! mrs. joe's a-comin!they start singing to the tune of she'll be comin around the mountainjoe: oh, she's a-comin' round the mountain, here she comes!orlick & wopsle: here she comes!joe: she's a-comin' round the mountain, here she comes!orlick & wopsle: here she comes!all: she's a-comin' round the mountain, she's a-comin' round the mountain, she's a-comin' round the mountain here she comes! (here she comes!)orlick: she'll have the tickler with her when she comes!joe & wopsle: when she comes!orlick: she'll have the tickler with her when she comes!joe & wopsle: when she comes!all: she'll have the tickler with her, she'll have the tickler with her, she'll have the tickler with her when she comes! (when she comes!)4 second interludejoe: strip solo!!!!!!!!!joe strips, orlick and wopsle square dance in front of joe so you don't see anything you don't want to see, and pip does backhandsprings in front of orlick & wopslepip: mrs. joe's coming!pip does more handsprings infront of wopsle and orlick, orlick and wopsle do cartwheels, showing joe, who's fully clothed.all: when...she...comes!!!!!! mrs. joe comes in and starts beating pip with the tickler.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkmar. 9th, 2006 @ 06:13 pm gay expectations chapter 9 pip goes back to the house to get erin.pip: the baby? with estella? i must be nuts!later. pip arrives at statis house with erin.pip: mrs. havisham will take care of you. don't worry erin.trabb's boy comes out of nowheretrabb's boy: halloa pip!pip: hi, trabb's boy.trabb's boy: i haven't you heard? i sing at church now.pip: what does that have to do with anything?trabb's boy: well, looks down the wanted me to sing higher (ok ok!!! i"m sorry! chris told that to me today during study hall! you know about choir boys in the middle ages! i just had to put that in!).pip: that's okay, trabb's boy, i pretty much did the same thing. just don't get raped. although, there are beatiful results  points to erin.trabb's boy: okay then. i'll just give you this. hands him letterthe letter:pip, if you ever want to see estella or your baby again, come down to the marshes. you better come down or else. you will suffer of dire consequenses.from,anonomous  (i could have spelled that wrong, but i'm to lazy to put on spell check)(from orlick)pip: what's spell check?trabb's boy: i have no idea.later that nightpip: orlick!orlick: pip how nice to see you.pip: i wish i felt the same. i thought uncle pumblechook ran over you with an 18 wheeler!orlick: i am merely a spirit now.pip: oh.orlick: so you had a baby?pip: nine hours of hard labororlick: and you were raped?pip: only by the finest man in london!orlick: i see grabs pip you know what i must do now. you took my woman and my job! you will pay! pip punches him. his punch goes through silly boy! or woman, i should say! you can't touch me. but i can touch you all i want!pip: please, don't kill me!orlick: who said anything about killing you? i'm gonna rape you!pip: noooooo!!!!!!!!!!startop, herbert,  drummle, andtrabb's boy come to the marshes on a flying boat.startop: halloa pip! drummle: monkeypip: help!herbert: what's the trouble pip?drummle: monkeypip: orlick's gonna rape me!trabb's boy: this is what you called us out for?pip: yestrabb's boy: let's go. pip: you're just gonna leave me here?drummle: monkey they fly away about this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkrecent entries | archive | friends | profile | previous 10 | top





























