








home - the national huguenot society













































 





skip to content















  


search for:








homeabout usmissionhistory of the national huguenot societyofficers and committeeshuguenot historywho were the huguenots?the huguenot crossimportant dates in huguenot historyresourcesqualified huguenot ancestorspublication – register of qualified huguenot ancestorsdar/sar huguenot ancestors with dar numberssuggested reading on huguenot historylinks to other sitesnewsmembershipmembership eligibilityapplication formscross of languedoc magazinenewsletterstate societies and chaptersawards and scholarshipscollege and postgraduate scholarships$1,000 award for best scholarly workannual youth contestonline dues payments for members-at-largestoregifts and merchandisebooks available from the nhsdonatemembers only areacontact usfacebookfacebook 


search for:








homeabout usmissionhistory of the national huguenot societyofficers and committeeshuguenot historywho were the huguenots?the huguenot crossimportant dates in huguenot historyresourcesqualified huguenot ancestorspublication – register of qualified huguenot ancestorsdar/sar huguenot ancestors with dar numberssuggested reading on huguenot historylinks to other sitesnewsmembershipmembership eligibilityapplication formscross of languedoc magazinenewsletterstate societies and chaptersawards and scholarshipscollege and postgraduate scholarships$1,000 award for best scholarly workannual youth contestonline dues payments for members-at-largestoregifts and merchandisebooks available from the nhsdonatemembers only areacontact usfacebookfacebookhomeabout usmissionhistory of the national huguenot societyofficers and committeeshuguenot historywho were the huguenots?the huguenot crossimportant dates in huguenot historyresourcesqualified huguenot ancestorspublication – register of qualified huguenot ancestorsdar/sar huguenot ancestors with dar numberssuggested reading on huguenot historylinks to other sitesnewsmembershipmembership eligibilityapplication formscross of languedoc magazinenewsletterstate societies and chaptersawards and scholarshipscollege and postgraduate scholarships$1,000 award for best scholarly workannual youth contestonline dues payments for members-at-largestoregifts and merchandisebooks available from the nhsdonatemembers only areacontact usfacebookfacebook













homesteve allen2023-12-29t19:38:12-05:00

the national huguenot society
welcome to the national huguenot society website. we hope you enjoy becoming familiar with our organization. we hope your visit helps you along your research and membership journey.
if you are interested in membership, please contact us through a state chapter or the national registrar general.  as janet walker, honorary president general says, “we are fun and friendly.”
we are a group of descendants of the huguenots (french protestants), who came from all around france. our ancestors came by various routes to the united states. some of them came directly to the colonies. others of them came through england, canada, germany, or other countries to get here. some of them have stayed here. other have moved to other places around the globe.
to join, you will need a fully documented lineal descent from a huguenot ancestor who either:
1.    without regard to ethnic origin or adherence to any sect of protestantism, who, subsequent to december 10, 1520, and prior to the promulgation of the edict of toleration on november 28, 1787, immigrated to north america or some other country,
or
2. despite religious persecution, remained in france. “france,” as used here, refers to any territory lying within the kingdom of france on the date of the promulgation of the edict of toleration on november 28, 1787.
.
we are truly grateful and thankful for our ancestors sacrificing much for our benefit. we look to educate and remind individuals of the sacrifices made, the contributions made, and the ongoing impact that we have as a culture on the modern-day society. come join us and see where you fit in.
jo lee brooks potts – president general

president general jo lee potts




 
 






		copyright © national huguenot society, all rights reserved | 7340 blanco road, suite 104, san antonio, tx 78216-4970 | website by egg media 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



this website uses cookies and third party services.					

			ok		













































































go to top




