







avery associates – executive search, labor relations & management consulting






































(408) 399-4424
jobs@averyassoc.net


home
about avery

avery team
william avery
paul kimura


executive search
labor relations
clients
current searches
contact

avery team contacts







menu


menu

 






avery clients
 


















about avery associates
william avery & associates, inc. is an executive search and labor relations consulting firm, which has served both the public and non-profit sectors for over 25 years.
members of the avery team work together closely to design a customized, winning strategy for each client. our personal approach is characterized by the highest standards of integrity, ethics, responsiveness, and commitment to your success.

recent placements
 we are pleased to announce peter pirnejad as the new city/district manager for the city of foster city!
we are pleased to announce michael comeskey as the new secretary/treasurer & secretary of the board (cao) for the nampa-meridian irrigation district!
congratulations to kurt wiest on being appointed executive director for the housing authority of the county of alameda!
congratulations to sergio ramirez on being appointed district manager for the west bay sanitation district!
congratulations to ken shapiro for being appointed chief assistant director/coo for marin county!
we are pleased to announce darlene sturgeon as the new finance director for the housing authority of the county of monterey!
congratulations to todd keating, the new chief probation officer for the county of monterey!
we are pleased to announce the sites reservoir project has selected jerry brown as their new executive director!
congratulations to john della monica for being appointed the new community development director for the city of lodi!
we would like to congratulate brian gabler on being appointed the new city manager for the city of simi valley!

  


© copyright 2020. william avery & associates, inc. all rights reserved.      powered by entrabase
home
about avery
executive search
labor relations
clients
current searches
contact







scroll to top













