











career counselor nyc | career coach in manhattan lynn berger




























































followfollowfollowfollow










get in touch




give us a call
(212) 289-5197






location
125 east 84th street suite 1bnew york, ny 10028










home
about

about lynn berger
meditations from lynn
awards


clients

who needs a coach?
career/life quiz
getting the most out of your coach
wellbeing survey


services

career counseling in nyc
career coaching
executive coaching
career testing
personal counseling
career advice
gift certificates


media center

video
radio & podcasts
in print and online


lynn interviews remarkable people
publications/presentations

featured interviews
presentations

gsc-shrm conference
macca
yale alumni webinar


books
publications


parenting and careers
contact












 

















career coachingindividual coaching focusedon creating your ideal career transition.
learn more









leadership coachingfor leaders who want to learn more or move into a new career path
learn more









career testingusing the latest tests to discover your personality type, interests, motivation,   values, personality style and temperament, identifying these skills will enhance your satisfaction, potential and productivity.
learn more









career counselingi counsel people how to effectively transition to jobs and/or careers, balance their roles and responsibilities and understand the choices before them..
learn more









personal counselingwe will work together towards increasing your level of personal fulfillment, satisfaction and overall enjoyment and ease your concerns.
learn more
















lynn berger – career counselor in nyc
counseling people in career transition

lynn berger, career coach, m.a., ed.m. 

through analysis, planning, testing and personal development. providing executive, corporate and career coaching for business professionals – lynn was awarded the outstanding career practitioner award in recognition of her outstanding work in daily career services delivery. read more about lynn throughout the site.

get in touch










meet lynn








services we offer








new clients








contact us









client testimonials








ms. berger’s sessions and analysis totally exceeded my expectations. her careful guidance and analysis of my test results have helped me to discover a new career path. anyone questioning their path should seek her counsel. i can’t recommend sessions with her enough.
– nicole g.








i did some research into career counseling to help me transition from one career to another and was referred to lynn berger. i really enjoyed my sessions with her. her expertise was exactly what i was looking for. she’s  direct and straight to the point. i definitely recommend her to anyone who is in this  phase of life who may need some guidance in figuring out what they want to do, and not knowing where  to start. she has great tools and resources to help guide you! definitely cannot go wrong with her services! highly recommended!
– kathy s.








i reached out to lynn after feeling stuck in my job. lynn was extremely helpful in helping me find direction in my career. she guided me in prioritizing my interests and skills, assessed the type of job that would best suit me, and suggested ways to research and identify my next position. within a few months, i was able to secure a rewarding new job. i highly recommend lynn as a resource to figure out the next steps in your career!
– caroline z.










lynn berger has been very helpful to me numerous times. she helped me feel confident in my career. she provided excellent advice and listened to my needs and concerns with sincerity. she supports you without making you feel incompetent. i really appreciate what she did for me and loved working with her.

– sophie l.








lynn is an expert in her field. she provided me with clarity and some great advice and i enjoyed every single session with her. she has the ability to find skills in you that you forgot you even had!
– louise h.








lynn was very helpful to help me assess my strengths and skills at a time when i was exploring career alternatives. she is a very good listener, and provides a lot of positive energy. her counseling sessions also provided me with strong support to help me approach my transition with focus and discipline.
– francois d.









call our office today to schedule an appointment.we look forward to meeting you!(212) 289-5197

get in touch







welcome to the next steps in your career transition

welcome to lynn berger career counseling and coaching. whether you are looking for a new position, striving for that dream job, starting a new business of your own or looking for a position that matches your current skills better, lynn can help. if that little voice inside tells you that its time to look at a new challenge in your career, she can help. career transition involves evaluating your values and capabilities,  developing your personal brand, discovering opportunities for new or different career opportunities and finally job search. during your sessions with lynn you will determine relevant topics and a path to find the position you desire. 

happiness … joy… pleasure… balance…

do you experience these qualities in your life? from time to time, we may need adjustments in our career or personal life to bring us the satisfaction, motivation, or fulfillment we need to improve the quality of our life. life is too short and precious not to enjoy every part of it. consider making a career change if: your job situation or responsibilities have changed; you are feeling unfulfilled or dissatisfied in your work and in your life; you are unhappy or bored with the career you have chosen; interpersonal issues at work are getting in your way and affecting your performance; stress affects you emotionally, mentally or physically; you feel daily pressures are too burdensome.

assessing your talents

as a career counselor and coach, i can help assess your talents, identify your needs, and provide the necessary motivation for you to accomplish your goals. in a counseling and coaching relationship we will form a dynamic team to assist you in career planning and development that will: set both short and long range goals; determine action plans and monitor progress in attaining goals; resolve communication problems; manage change and conflict; keep you focused and on track; maintain a healthy balance between your personal and professional life.

working together to maximize your potential

together we will work to maximize your potential and ease your concerns. the career counseling program is designed to increase your level of professional and personal fulfillment, satisfaction and overall enjoyment. many clients achieve a renewed sense of perspective and make significant positive changes in their lives.

you will find it a rewarding experience

i approach my work in a thorough, succinct, relaxed and personalized manner. through discussion, structured exercises, and career testing we will identify your skills, interests, personal style, needs and values.  the information we uncover and develop through career counseling and coaching will enable us to create a career plan that will achieve excellence in your work and your life.







contact us today






lynn berger career counseling
125 east 84th street suite 1b
new york, ny 10028



in the news

lynn has been extensively quoted in many national articles, and has appeared in a variety of television, radio and online presentations. check out lynn’s latest quote in the wall street journal  and  new york times in the media center on her in print & online media page.

latest articles

medium  – rising through resilience: lynn berger on the five things you can do to become more resilient during turbulent times
medium  – how we can leverage the power of gratitude to improve our overall mental wellness

muse: how to write a professional email
medium: giving feedback; how to be honest without being hurtful
thrive – teach and mentor them to respond
cheapism how to prepare for working past retirement
the muse how to answer “what is your work style?” in an interview (plus examples!)
money magazine: how to convince your boss to let you work from home forever

latest blogs




ten ways to manage business trip guilt

learning to manage the business trip guilt including being away from your family can be challenging, but with the right strategies, you can maintain strong connections and make the experience easier for everyone. in this article, we’ll explore ten practical ways to...
read more







lynn berger interviews remarkable people.






























lynn berger has been featured on many local and national media programs


 


 


new york timesfox 5 newsny1cnbcabc7business week













reach us

connect with us online or by phone.




125 east 84th street suite 1bnew york, ny 10028






(212) 289-5197 



followfollowfollow




get in touch





 









about lynn

lynn berger is a national certified counselor, licensed mental health counselor and certified career counselor and nationally recognized career coach. she received her m.a. in organizational psychology and her ed.m. in psychological counseling from columbia university, new york.



contact info




lynn berger, career counselor and coach, m.a., ed.m.125 east 84th street suite 1bnew york, ny 10028






office – (212) 289-5197 






lynn@lynnberger.com





 




























