






home












































register now











about usour storyhours of operationpark boardstaff directoryparks foundationbids & proposalspeace bridgecontact usfoiaprograms & eventsadult varietyathleticsaquaticsdancefitnesskids clubnaturenew horizons preschoolmuseumperforming artspetspickleballsummer campstweenstumbling & cheervirtual recreationyouth variety----special eventswindmill whirl 5kbatavia uncorkedpints by the pond----programs by ageregistration informationrainout lineparks & facilitiesamenitiesinteractive maprentalscapital development plangoing greenpark watch programmemorial programice skating on the depot pondstudent parking permitshall quarry beachdepot museumget involvedemploymentvolunteeringcommunity resourcesadvertising & sponsorshipbike mapfun guidegift shopparks & facility projectscallahan community centerclark island recreation area























ice skating is closed!
ice skating on depot pond is currently closed due to standing water on the ice. please check the website or get skating conditions by text. text "follow #depotpondskating" to 630-879-5235 to receive updates on skating conditions. 
more information on ice skating at the pond






batavia's favorite wine event returns!
new ticket options available this year. enjoy a wide variety of unique wines from area wineries along with live music and food at this casual 21+ event held at the peg bond center. 
purchase tickets






summer camp registration open!
get ready for summer camp. registration for returning families is now open. registration for new campers opens on feb. 17. 
register for camp!






get ready for summer!
splash into summer fun with family and friends at hall quarry beach! season passes are now on sale at the lowest prices of the season. 
purchase season pass






save the date!
join us on saturday, may 3 for our annual run along the fox river. run in the 5k or the 5k stroller division. kids ages 10 and under compete in a timed 1-mile fun run.
register today!






the winter fun guide is out now!
the winter fun guide is packed with events, egg hunts, a new pickleball tournament, sports, fitness classes, trips and museum exhibits. registration is open for all.
winter fun guide!












 










view
rainout
line 






find parks
& facilities








register
online








funguide


























upcoming events


view calendar











batavia senior citizens club luncheon for february


feb
  19



batavia senior citizens club luncheon for february


                        11:30 am                        
                         - 02:00 pm                    
shannon hall 
learn more










opening reception for new exhibit at batavia depot museum


feb
  28



opening reception for new exhibit at batavia depot museum


                        06:00 pm                        
                         - 08:00 pm                    
batavia depot museum 
learn more









fun guide



the spring 2025 fun guide is packed with sparkling winter events, a pickleball tournament, sports, fitness classes, trips and other great programs to enjoy the winter months. join your friends to explore something new or to enjoy one of your favorites. fun awaits!
 view the fun guide, and register online here.




in the news







12/30/2024


batavia park district unveils visionary master plan concept to revitalize and preserve iconic hall quarry beach




















11/25/2024


celebration of lights kicks off batavia's holiday season




santa, lights, crafts, reindeer and more!















9/12/2024


cheers for beers: pints by the pond returns to batavia sept. 21




the tastiest hometown craft beer festival is back in batavia. 








read more










 sign up for the park bench newsletter





 











batavia park district
 327 west wilson street
batavia, il 60510
phone: 630.879.5235
fax: 630.879.9537


connect with us









©2025 batavia park district
site by purei









