 





home - w. f. norman corp. - tin ceilings




































































 




























1-800-641-4038












w. f. norman corp.














mon-fri: 8:30am-2:30pm













home
products
pricing
about
how to
blog
contact













{ since 1898 }


tin ceilings  |  cornices  |  molding  |  siding  |  roofing  |  ornaments 










search for:































































special sale on factory seconds! follow this link for information, availability and pricing. >>>





special sale on factory seconds! follow this link for information, availability and pricing. >>>
















call today








call today to order our hi-art® and ornamental k printed catalogs. please send $3 to p.o. box 323 nevada, mo 64772 for shipping costs. or visit our online product galleries. 




our 1898 hi-art® product line features 140 ceiling patterns and over 1,300 ornaments, including rosettes, brackets, finials and more! all our products are hand-stamped from sheet metal on original presses. we also offer custom stamping and architectural sheet metal fabrication.


































products























tin ceiling tiles


















ornaments






















cornices


















moldings






















custom tiles


















ceiling centers






















exterior siding


















metal shingles






















spinning


















grave markers
























1898




the w.f. norman story








family-owned and made in america.




watch now




















legacy of w. f. norman














since 1898








william franklin norman, founder of w.f. norman corporation, began one 
of the most successful businesses in tin ceiling manufacturing. starting
 as a traveling salesman for the wheeling corrugating company out of 
wheeling, west virginia, norman excelled in his work. 




at that time, wheeling corrugating was a large steel mill that also made products from their steel sheets such as roofing and siding. they became the leading tin ceiling manufacturer in the late 1800s. but because of his enterprising nature, norman decided to open up his own shop and pioneered steel ceiling manufacturing in the west. the same line of hi-art® tin ceilings and products are still sold at w.f. norman corporation today.



read more




























how to


















install
follow our quick guides to help you get started setting up and installing tin ceilings panels, borders, fillers and siding.

 











paint & seal

we recommend that you finish your ceiling with paint or clear coat. be sure to read these recommendations.


 











use, repair, replace

follow this link to the nps preservation brief article for tips on installation, maintenance and repair.


 































shipping


we can arrange shipping with ups, fedex and truck lines (for larger orders). express shipping is also available.


orders


orders may be placed by phone, fax, or email. you may pay by check or credit card. a 3% service charge is applied to all credit card orders. we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express. 






get in touch








email



p.o. box 323, nevada, mo 64772





1-800-641-4038







417-667-5552

we answer the office phone between 8:30am and 2:30pm cst, or by appointment.








search for:





visitor hours






214 n. cedar, nevada, mo 64772

please call, fax or email for visiting information or make an appointment.


follow us









































privacy policy









© 2022 w. f. norman corp.






return to top










manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent





