

















costa rica surf travel • costa rica travel experts - surf trips, hotels, car and suv rentals





























































































 













the best place to check the surf in costa rica+1 321 890 5761travel@crsurf.com
surf cams
galleries
surf news
travel blog
tide charts
about us
contact











costa rica surf trips

costa rica surf trips
vacation packages
costa rica travel faqs
adventure tours


surf camps
lodging

hotels and vacation rentals
hotel reviews


car rentals

costa rica car rentals
nomad america adventure rentals
car rental rules
insurance faq’s & prices


surf map

costa rica beaches
dominical – uvita
mal pais – santa teresa
manuel antonio – quepos
nosara – playa guiones
matapalo – osa peninsula
pavones area
playa hermosa – jaco
puerto viejo – caribbean
tamarindo area


surf report

costa rica surf report
2024 tide charts
2025 tide charts
facebook and instagram favorites
favorite costa rica videos
subscribe to crsurf


 

surf cams
galleries
surf news
travel blog
tide charts
about us
contact
 

book now



✕














welcome to 
cr surf  travel company 
							the costa rica
adventure experts 
							start your journey! 
 


plan your next  
costa rica
vacation 
							from budget to luxury travelers  
we have found the best lodging, tours, and transportation options for you!  
							get started here! 
 


find the latest
travel news & events
 
							search here!
 


check the 
surf in
costa rica 
							surf reports, tides 
wave cams, and forecasts 
							tatiana weston webb ~ photo © tonyrobertsphoto.com 
							check here! 
 
















costa rica surf travel

check the surf · see what's happeningplan your trip with ustake a tripsurf trips
lodging for surferssurf camps
recommendedhotels & lodging
need a vehicle?car rental
surf maptop beaches
tide and forecastssurf reports
top surfing spots in costa rica





 visit the surf map page
costa rica vacation packages


all inclusivepavones dream trip
family and friendssurf & service adventure
witchs rock / ollies pointovernight boat trip

 view more costa rica tours
travel blogpublished by   at   0what to watch out for when surfing in costa ricapublished by   at   0how surfers support the tourism economy in costa ricapublished by   at   0surfboard baggage fees & policies by airline – 2025

latest surf newspublished by   at   25 reasons why costa rica is one of the best surf destinations in the world!published by   at   0playa hermosa selected as first world surfing reserve in central americapublished by   at   3three surfers from costa rica qualify for the olympics in tokyo

upcoming surf retreatspublished by   at   1bodhi awaken – a two week bodysurfing and surfing retreatpublished by   at   0live your yoga mentorship programpublished by   at   1surf and yoga retreat – disconnect to reconnect











advertisers presented are all local businesses, not google ads.
support sustainable surfing!

advertisers presented are all local businesses, not google ads.
support sustainable surfing!los anunciantes son todas empresas locales, no anuncios de google.
¡apoya el surf sostenible!

advertisers presented are all local businesses, not google ads.
support sustainable surfing!los anunciantes son todas empresas locales, no anuncios de google.
¡apoya el surf sostenible!los anunciantes son todas empresas locales, no anuncios de google.
¡apoya el surf sostenible!advertisers presented are all local businesses, not google ads.
support sustainable surfing!los anunciantes son todas empresas locales, no anuncios de google.
¡apoya el surf sostenible!advertisers presented are all local businesses, not google ads.
support sustainable surfing!los anunciantes son todas empresas locales, no anuncios de google.
¡apoya el surf sostenible!










cr surf travel co. is an independent agent of dugan's travels, which is certified by clia, iatan, and vacation.com. california registered seller 2054922-40 / washington registered seller 602327942 / fla. seller of travel ref no. st35992. please refer to our travel policy page for all information on our travel services.				



 










we have been nominated for "best travel agency" in






thanks to greg at beachhouse incognito in dominica


 





rolled into punto banco in time for a blazing suns






waze gave me the back route to avoid an accident o
 





who is ready for a surf trip? with over 100 surf b






there are beautiful water falls spread out all ove






coconuts or pipas are a great way to stay hydrated






playa dominicalito is a great beach to learn to su






the view you see when surfing playa dominical in c






bond fires at sunset are always a good idea in cos






no better place to be than the beach on a sunny da






the dormant volcanoes are definitely a sight to se






no better place to learn to surf than dominicalito






costa rica sunsets #costaricasunset #puravidasunse






views #puravida #costarica #costaricatrip #visitco






the coastline of costa rica is filled with beautif






there are some amazing places to explore in costa 






costa rica sunsets 💯🌝#costaricasunset #sunse






can't go wrong with patacones, definitely order so






playa dominicalito is one of the best beaches to l



 


load more...






 follow on instagram











							©1999-2020 all information on this site is the 'soul' property of cr surf travel co. unless noted. if you wish to reproduce anything contained herein, please contact the owner first. photos & artwork are credited to the owner, and the same copyright laws apply.
terms & conditions | privacy policy 






book nowsurf cams
galleries
surf news
travel blog
tide charts
about us
contact


















































