






 
nicodemus, inc. – veteran programs























































































































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


nicodemus, inc.
veteran programs


home about programsride-a-long wheels for warriors ojt programssupport a veteran   


events contact us 
donate




 
home about programsride-a-long wheels for warriors ojt programssupport a veteran   events contact 








our vision


please join us to strengthen the bonds of our community by expanding awareness of the sacrifices and hardships that our united states military men, women, and families are struggling to overcome. 
let us stand together and bridge the gap by becoming doers instead of onlookers, and we will succeed in returning the character and integrity that this country once had.


ride-a-long track experience   


happiness really can be achieved through fun and meaningful life experiences. nicodemus delivers happiness at 100 decibels, 180 mph, and with burning rubber.


learn morewheels for warriors vehicle donation project   


wheels for warriors is a nicodemus tax-exempt vehicle donation program that benefits disabled veterans and first responders.


learn moreojt program veterans apprenticeship programs   


nicodemus is committed to leveraging existing resources to solve the challenges faced by veterans and their families.


learn moreevents


 



r.o.c the barriers “special needs field day”

events
this fun field day fosters and builds relationships between the special needs community and the general public while showcasing all…

read more



 



wheels for warriors customs chopper raffle

ride-a-long
nicodemus’ wheels for warriors program is excited to raffle off this one-of-a-kind carolina customs chopper! ​all proceeds will benefit veterans…

read more



 



the veterans trust race experience atlanta

ride-a-long
the veterans trust race experience is a one-of-a-kind #adventure for #veterans and their families inside a professional race car at…

read more
make a donationnicodemus, inc. leverages professional relationships and experiences and consolidates available community resources to help veterans overcome the underlying causes of suicide, depression, homelessness, unemployment, and disconnection to civilian society. support our efforts by donating now.donate now










contact usphone813-798-0828emailinfo@nicodemus.orgaddress18801 n. dale mabry hwy. #147
lutz, fl 33548find us on:facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowour programswheels for warriors
ride-a-long
ojt programs
upcoming eventsr.o.c the barriers “special needs field day”
volunteer todayname *
e-mail *
submit
 








					© 2025 nicodemus. all rights reserved. website created by don creative group


privacy policy terms & conditions disclaimer footer







go to top



 





























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.accept & continueprivacy policy








































