




























district of south carolina | united states bankruptcy court







































skip to main content








united states bankruptcy court


                                    district of south carolina                


honorable helen e. burris, chief judge   •   lauren maxwell, clerk of court







search form

search this site 





 




text size: 

decrease font size
reset font size
increase font size

 



bankruptcy informationbankruptcy basics
bankruptcy basics videos
credit reporting information
faqs
glossary of bankruptcy terms
list of creditors
bankruptcy history

case informationaccess to case info
archived cases
case filing stats
electronic notice
vcis
unclaimed funds 

court informationassistance for the hearing impaired and language resources
calendars
self-scheduling calendars
divisions & case assignment
employment opportunities
fees
help
local rules and orders
locations
mediation
office hours & holiday schedule
sale notices
technology
telephone directory
transcripts & audio recordings

judges' informationchambers guidelines & information
judicial conduct and judicial disability
judges' attendance at privately funded educational programs
judicial opinions
self-scheduling calendars

trustee information
court initiativesask-a-lawyer
financial education

electronic filingcm/ecf
cm/ecf participant's guides
local rule regarding electronic filing
filing a claim (epoc)
filing a financial management certificate (efincert)
training options

filing without an attorneycreditors
debtors
other interested parties
submitting a bankruptcy package electronically - electronic self-representation (esr)
electronic document submission system (edss)
reaffirmation agreements
pay fees online
unclaimed funds

formslocal forms
national forms









 holiday closing
in observance of washington’s birthday, the united states bankruptcy court for the district of south carolina will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.  the court’s cm/ecf system will be available for electronic filing and research. electronic self-representation (esr) and the electronic document submission system (edss) are available for pro se filings.






case locator (pacer) »
e-filing (cm/ecf) »
file a claim »locate funds » 






welcome to the official website for the united states bankruptcy court for the district of south carolina.
mission statement
the court's mission is to provide fair and impartial justice within the jurisdiction conferred by the constitution and congress by providing debtors with a fresh start and creditors with the resolution of claims in a fair and efficient forum.


 












warning: scams on the rise.  if you think you're a victim of a scam, click here for more information.
 





 




court locations



hours and directions »



 charleston  
 king and queen building
	145 king street, room 225
	charleston, sc 29401
  

 columbia  
 j. bratton davis u.s. bankruptcy courthouse
	1100 laurel street
	columbia, south carolina 29201-2423
  

 greenville  
 c.f. haynsworth federal building
	& u.s. courthouse
	300 east washington street
	greenville, sc 29601
  

 


other court links






us supreme court

court of appeals

district court


 




email subscription




receive announcements posted to the court's website by email. click to subscribe
 







cm/ecf nextgen 



cm/ecf participant's guides 



cm/ecf registration 



court calendars 



forms 



local rules & general orders 



opinions 



other resources 



pay fees online 



employee rights/report wrongful conduct 


need help?






cm/ecf participants guides

frequently asked questions

how do i find legal help?

still searching? look here!

 






news & announcements



view all »



 fri, 02/14/2025 
 updated term law vacancy 
 judge burris is accepting applications for a term law clerk position in greenville.  a corrected vacancy announcement can be found... 
 more »  

 tue, 02/11/2025 
 informational videos offered by the u.s. trustee program 
 the united states trustee program recently released a new series of videos to assist debtors, attorneys, and creditors with the meeting of creditors... 
 more »  

 mon, 02/10/2025 
 holiday closing 
 in observance of washington’s birthday, the united states bankruptcy court for the district of south carolina will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.  the court’s cm/ecf system will be available... 
 more »  

 







 















home | sitemap | send us feedback | employment | glossary of legal terms | help | faqs
 








security & disclaimer policy
 












