     rockville toyota dealer in rockville md | bethesda gaithersburg germantown toyota dealership maryland                               








                                            darcars 355 toyota of rockville        sales 301-340-0900    service 301-340-0900  parts 301-340-0900  collision center 301-762-8405   15625 frederick rdrockville, md 20855                                          service        map        contact                                darcars 355 toyota of rockville               call 301-340-0900   directions                      new   view all new vehicles   view all new hybrids   estimate your trade   electrified   beyond zero     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   estimate your trade   vehicles under $20k   toyota certified program overview     service    schedule service   service center   service tips & tricks   collision center   express maintenance   toyotacare     parts   parts center   order parts   parts tips & tricks   order toyota accessories   order tires      finance   finance department   apply for financing   car buying tips & tricks   lease return program      specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials    offers & incentives   service & parts specials   college grad rebates   military rebates   lease & finance specials     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review   darcars español     research   rent a toyota                   home   new   view all new vehicles   view all new hybrids   estimate your trade   electrified   beyond zero     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   estimate your trade   vehicles under $20k   toyota certified program overview     service    schedule service   service center   service tips & tricks   collision center   express maintenance   toyotacare     parts   parts center   order parts   parts tips & tricks   order toyota accessories   order tires      finance   finance department   apply for financing   car buying tips & tricks   lease return program      specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials    offers & incentives   service & parts specials   college grad rebates   military rebates   lease & finance specials     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review   darcars español     research   rent a toyota             













start your search

        filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock        new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       







                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                                              








get pre-approved
apply now










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        discover our lineup
       popular  |  cars & minivan  |  trucks  |  crossovers & suvs  |  electrified           rav4 27/35 est mpg      highlander 22/29 est mpg      4runner 16/19 est mpg      tacoma 18/22 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      tundra 18/24 est mpg          corolla 32/41 est mpg      corolla hatchback 32/41 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      gr86 20/26 est mpg      gr supra 25/32 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      gr corolla 21/28 est mpg          tacoma 18/22 est mpg      tundra 18/24 est mpg          land cruiser 22/25 est mpg      highlander 22/29 est mpg      grand highlander 21/28 est mpg      venza 40/37 est mpg      crown signia 39/37 est mpg      rav4 27/35 est mpg      corolla cross 31/33 est mpg      4runner 16/19 est mpg      sequoia 21/24 est mpg          prius plug-in hybrid 54/133 est mpge      prius 57/56 est mpg         corolla hybrid 53/46 est mpg      corolla cross hybrid 53/46 est mpg      crown signia 39/37 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      highlander hybrid 36/35 est mpg      grand highlander hybrid 37/34 est mpg      rav4 hybrid 41/38 est mpg      rav4 plug-in hybrid 38/94 est mpge      sequoia 21/24 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      tundra i-force max 20/24 est mpge      venza 40/37 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      bz4x 252 mi est range       
     





don't settle for less. insist on toyota genuine parts. toyota owners can depend on your vehicle for many miles to come.
learn more









our toyota collision repair center understands that your toyota needs the right kind of care to keep it running as it should after a collision.
learn more









your time is valuable. so when your toyota needs factory-scheduled maintenance or repairs, don't let it slow you down.
learn more








financing to fit your budget
we strive to work with each customer to ensure their satisfaction. save time by using our pre-approval form to qualify for one of our finance programs.



get pre-approved



     




2025 rav4
discover adventure in every day.

view inventory







                  



welcome to your darcars toyota dealer in rockville, md

15625 frederick rd, rockville, md 20855

open today: 9:00am - 9:00pm



                                







          

shop at rockville's premier toyota dealer
why settle for just any toyota dealer when you could partner with the darcars 355 toyota of rockville team to find your next new or used vehicle? at our toyota dealership near gaithersburg, md, you'll find an unparalleled selection of cars, trucks, and suvs. choose your favorite new toyota trim, or shop for more than 30 other automakers in our used and certified pre-owned inventory!
our finance and lease offers can help you take home the model you want while maintaining your budget, and our friendly, factory-certified technicians will take the best care with your toyota, nissan, ford, audi, or another brand. call or explore our website for information about trade-ins and our toyota certified used program, or keep reading to learn about our darcars toyota offers.
read more




unlock a new toyota car, truck, or suv near gaithersburg, md
you'll find our toyota dealer just eight minutes south of nearby gaithersburg, so stop by after work or this weekend to explore the high-tech new toyota lineup. with new toyota sedans, suvs, and trucks in stock and ready for your test drive, you're sure to find a model you'll love. we already have 2025 toyota options available at our toyota dealer, and more are arriving every month.
from gas-powered options to toyota plug-in hybrid and all-electric vehicles, our inventory is fully stocked and ready for your tour! we could talk all day about how hard we work to earn titles like best toyota camry dealer, premier toyota tacoma dealer, and exceptional toyota corolla dealer – or we could show you why drivers from rockville to bethesda choose our automotive family to call home:

flexible lease terms to match your driving habits
competitive apr and finance terms to meet your budget
stunning models like the toyota corolla, camry, highlander, tacoma, and tundra at our new and used car dealership
complimentary toyotacare maintenance on every new vehicle1

your first-choice pre-owned toyota dealer near bethesda, md
darcars 355 toyota of rockville is more than a new car dealership: we're also a top-rated pre-owned toyota dealer serving bethesda, md. hop on i-270 north, and you'll be browsing used cars, trucks, and suvs at our toyota dealer in less than 25 minutes. we frequently carry the most popular toyota models, including the camry, corolla, rav4, highlander, and tacoma. you'll also find more than 30 other brands in our used inventory!
if you're curious about certified pre-owned inventory and how you can take home a new-to-you model with excellent benefits, reach out to our toyota dealer to learn more about the toyota certified used advantages.
our signature toyota certified used program gives you the warranties you need, the upgraded technology you want, and the prices you'll brag about. take home a toyota certified model, and you'll gain benefits like these:

24-hour roadside assistance2
limited powertrain warranty3,4
free carfax® vehicle history report™5
dmv registration support
quality assurance inspection6
12-month/12,000-mile limited comprehensive warranty on gold certified vehicles7



certified toyota service dealership in rockville, md
 it's true that we support the drivers of rockville as their preferred toyota highlander dealer, toyota plug-in-hybrid dealer, and more, but we also take great pride in providing first-rate toyota service. take a break from the "toyota dealer near me" search on your phone and breathe a sigh of relief at our comprehensive service department. our technicians are factory-trained to perform everything from oil changes and battery checks to brake replacements and engine overhauls.
we use genuine toyota parts, dealer-recommended fluids, and oem-certified accessories to help keep your car, truck, or suv on the road and healthy for as long as possible. browse our collection of toyota parts and accessories on our website, plus learn tips and tricks about parts maintenance and preservation.
do you drive a non-toyota make and model? no problem! many auto brands like nissan, ford, and audi use similar internal systems, so our toyota technicians can service them as well. you can even shop our parts center to source hard-to-find components and make sure they'll fit your model.
customized finance and lease opportunities near gaithersburg, md
if you've ever financed or leased a vehicle, you know the process is often stressful, but our toyota dealer in rockville is working hard to break that stigma. our finance center is helpful and ready to collaborate. we partner with local lenders to offer the best possible rates, and we customize finance and lease plans to help meet each driver's budget and lifestyle.
no matter your financial situation or your decision to buy or lease, dealership incentives and warranties like ours let you drive home feeling confident in your choice. call or visit darcars 355 toyota of rockville today to tour and test-drive your favorite new, used, or certified pre-owned models and see how our finance and lease terms can work for you.
on top of our new and used vehicle incentives, we offer college graduate and military personnel cash-back bonuses. learn about program eligibility online or by calling our toyota dealer. last but not least, if you're ready to take the first step toward a pre-owned toyota car, truck, or suv, you can fill out a secure online application, value your trade-in, and explore car-buying tips and tricks from the comfort of your home and our website.


1toyotacare covers normal factory scheduled maintenance for 2 years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first, and 24/7 roadside assistance is for 2 years/unlimited mileage (note: toyotacare for mirai is 3 years/35,000 miles and roadside assistance for mirai, bz4x, prius, and prius prime is 3 years/unlimited mileage). roadside assistance does not include parts and fluids, except limited emergency gas delivery. towing distance up to 25 miles. restrictions apply. available in the continental u.s. and canada. see toyota dealer for details and exclusions.
2from date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase. covers most services, including flat tires, lockout service, jump starts, fuel delivery up to 3 gallons, no more than 2 times per month, and towing for mechanical breakdown or collision recovery to the nearest toyota dealership, except alternative fuel vehicles, including electric and fuel cell vehicles, which may be towed to an authorized charging or fueling station. services provided exclude any parts required. program available in continental u.s. and canada. restrictions and exclusions may apply. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
3limited powertrain warranty for gold certification covers 7 years or 100,000 total vehicle miles, whichever comes first from the date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase program available in the continental u.s. and canada. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
4limited powertrain warranty for silver certification covers 12 months or 12,000 miles, whichever comes first from the date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase program available in the continental u.s. and canada. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
5carfax® vehicle history reports™ are a required part of every toyota certified used vehicle. see your local dealer for details.
6time and mileage coverage periods for certified used vehicle plans are measured from the date the vehicle was first delivered into service as a new vehicle and zero miles. time and mileage coverage periods for certified plus used vehicle plans are measured from expiration of toyota certified used vehicle limited comprehensive warranty. coverage expires upon reaching the maximum time or mileage of the coverage period selected, whichever occurs first. see your agreement for complete terms, conditions, and restrictions. program is not available in all states.
712-month/12,000-mile limited comprehensive warranty for gold certified vehicles (vehicles up to 6 model years old or 85,000 miles or less): whichever comes first from the date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase. program available in the continental u.s. and canada. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.




              copyright © 2025 by darcars | sitemap | privacy | safety recalls & service campaigns | hours | darcars 355 toyota of rockville | 15625 frederick rd, rockville, md 20855 | sales: 301-340-0900            




















               