ï»¿avalon hotel miami beach, fl | miami beach hotelsskip to contenthave a question? call 305-538-0133select languagezh-cnfrdeitptrues  avalon hotel facebook    avalon hotel instagram      book now×reservationsneed assistance? 305.538.0133check in ) check out  room  adults  children  book now  toggle navigation    menu hotelamenitiesour storyreviewshotel policiesroomsada accessibilitygroupsspecial eventsrequest informationspecialsdininga fish called avalonavalon by dayexplorepre & post cruiseattractionslocal diningarea eventsshoppingget activelive web camgallerycontact usfaqmap & directions your south beach escapesave 15% when you book direct. make the avalon home for your next beach getaway. enjoy the avalon's authentic art deco style and personal service, book this special and save more. beach chairs, a welcome drink, two refillable bottled water, complimentary am coffee & tea and wi-fi are included. 24-hour cancellation on all reservations. book now  brand new roomsexclusive book direct only ocean corner rooms. includes welcome drink, plush robes and complimentary coffee and tea. book now  florida resident discount!book now and save 25%! book now  a fish called avalonculinary excellence since 1989.happy hour & live music nightly stay more save morestay 4 nights or more, save up to 20% - includes complimentary coffee and tea, a welcome drink and beach chairs. book now    rooms that exudesouth beach styleour rooms are an extension of miami beach: colorful like the art deco historic district, and airy like the atlantic breeze. make the most of our location, welcoming services, and best rate guarantee by booking one of our brand-new rooms. see rooms  picture-perfect meals at a fish called avalonest. 1989for a taste of south beach, stop by a fish called avalon. our service-first seafood restaurant is headed by an award-winning chef and is a fun place to end an eventful day in miami beach or end the day with a slice of our key lime pie. feel the ocean breeze from an outdoor patio, order from the happy hour menu, and enjoy nightly live music. learn more  have a blast! rocket barhave a blast!we saw you looking at that rocket 88 outside the hotel, so we named our bar after it. enjoy happy hour any day of the week at rocket bar, our fun and exciting place to unwind at avalon hotel. learn more  see more content our storyabout the avalon hotelour hotel has a story to tell, from the art deco design of the building under renowned architect albert anis to the bright-yellow convertible parked in front of a fish called avalon, which is seen in scarface, miami vice, and other iconic films and shows. learn moreexplore miami beach on footshopping, dining, and water sports are a short stroll away. immerse yourself in south beach at our hotel across the street from lummus park, down the road from world-class retailers, and a quick drive from port miami for guests with cruise plans.learn more   link for cta-item1 book direct & savefind no better hotel deals in south beach than at avalon hotel. and if you do find something better, let us know—we'll beat it. that's our best rate guarantee. explore   link for cta-item2 view our gallerywhy wait until you arrive on ocean drive? take in the feel for miami beach by browsing our photo gallery displaying rooms, food, and plenty of scenic views. learn more   link for cta-item3 local eventsfrom caribbean carnivals to food festivals, there's something for everyone in south beach. visit our events page to see which events are happening during your stay. explorethe avalon hotel amenities book direct advantage  24-hour flexible cancellationkids under nine stay free property amenities  kids under nine stay freeaccess to miami beach boardwalkaccess to wi-fibeach towels and chairsaward-winning dining at a fish called avalonclassic lobby barall non-smoking roomstwo refillable bottled watercomplimentary am coffee and teabathrobes (upon request)hairdryershower and bathtub parking  for your added convenience, the avalon hotel is two blocks from a public parking garage on 7th street between washington and collins avenue. currently, ocean drive is one way and there is no valet parking per the miami police department.  discover the avalon hotel accessible features  from our accessible website to our ada-compliant hotel rooms, the avalon hotel is designed to help our south beach guests who need assistance. some of our ada-compliant hotel amenities include an accessible entrance, registration desk, and restaurant, while our rooms include grab bars, roll-in showers, and handheld shower heads. see how we can be of assistance by browsing our ada page. guest reviewsa gem on ocean drive rating: 5 out of 5 starsthis hotel is a gem and i sincerely hope it's character it preserved. it's a quiet oasis on a bustling part of ocean drive and i love it for its old world charm. it feels like it's been in the family for decades - from another era. although some of the room décor may be outdated and the bathrooms a little small, the character of the avalon more than makes up for its shortcomings. five happy nights at the hotel in april and i will be booking the next time i am back in south beach. a personalized treat and i hope those are entrusted with the hotel maintain its spirit.reviewed by  rtfromcapetown  on  june 11, 2023  via  tripadvisora gem in the heart of south beach! rating: 5 out of 5 starsmy wife and i could not have been happier in this iconic little gem. from the genuine warm welcome at reception desk each and every day to the impeccably clean accommodations. we were impressed with the newly renovated room with beach front views. the restaurant, fish called avalon on the property may honestly be the best food and service i ever experienced. i say this having lived in nyc all my life, so i like to think i know a bit about great restaurants.  the complimentary breakfast included was good and just right for your morning start.  highly recommend and look forward to my return in may.  thank you to the entire team of the avalon hotel for a memorable experience!reviewed by  nycin2009  on  feb 2023  via  tripadvisorgreat location, great breakfast, great staff & great price. rating: 5 out of 5 stars5+ stars! room was small, but it didn't matter because we were only in the room to sleep (bed was comfortable). staff was very friendly & very helpful. they stored some fish i caught on a charter in their freezer until i left 2 days later. the included breakfast was plentiful & delicious with eggs & a meat. beach chairs in your room & beach towels at the front desk for you to take across the street to the beautiful beach. no need for a rental car as everything you want is a short walk away. i highly recommend the avalon and will stay there again.reviewed by  dpa  on  march 2023  via  tripadvisor   the avalon hotel  700 ocean drive miami beach, florida 33139 united states    reservations:  305-538-0133    toll free:  800-933-3306 stay in touch  sign up  reviewsgallerycontact ussitemapprivacy policyada  facebook for the avalon hotel    instagram for the avalon hotel    location for the avalon hotel   avalon hotel ©  | hotel website design by vizergy call uslocationsave 20%  scroll to top  