




































nci center to reduce cancer health disparities (crchd) - nci












      skip to main content
    





        an official website of the united states government
      













menu


						search
					


search













about cancer




cancer types




research




grants & training




news & events




about nci













home




about nci




nci organization



nci center to reduce cancer health disparities (crchd)











      print    







      email    











crchd


about cancer disparities


disparities research


community outreach, research, & engagement


about crchd


dialogue on disparities










nci center to reduce cancer health disparities (crchd)






crchd branches and opportunities




apply for cancer disparities research funding
drb collaborates across the nci to support research initiatives for disparities research that span numerous disciplines.






explore community outreach, research, and engagement programs
core seeks to explore strategies for participation in communities to support engagement, bidirectional communication, and community-engaged cancer disparities research.







latest news







accelerate: a conversation with dr. marcia cruz-correa
in this new blog series—“accelerate: conversations with cancer equity leaders”—cel members provide insights on their careers and their areas of expertise, as well as their perspective on how to advance cancer health equity. in the first installment of the series, we heard from cel member marcia cruz-correa, m.d., ph.d., a professor of medicine and biochemistry at the university of puerto rico (upr) medical sciences campus.









nci welcomes seventh cohort of icure scholars
on october 4, the intramural continuing umbrella of research experiences (icure) program hosted its annual welcome ceremony to announce the program’s seventh cohort. the cohort comprises ten icure scholars who are conducting research at the nih campus in bethesda, the nci frederick campus, and nci shady grove in rockville.









students and investigators build skills at workshop in puerto rico
in august, the nci center to reduce cancer health disparities held the puerto rico professional development workshop for more than 140 scholars, early stage investigators, and new investigators from universities and other institutions around puerto rico. 







program spotlight




supplements to support cancer disparity collaborative research 
the collaborative supports new cancer health disparities research among investigators who do not normally conduct this research.
















      print    







      email    








back to top









about


about this website


en español


reuse & copyright


social media






resources


contact us


publications


dictionary of cancer terms


find a clinical trial






policies


accessibility


foia


privacy & security


disclaimers


vulnerability disclosure









sign up for email updates




                  enter your email address
                



                sign up
              












national cancer institute 
at the national institutes of health




contact us



live chat


1-800-4-cancer


nciinfo@nih.gov


site feedback







follow us




facebook








follow on x







instagram











youtube










linkedin












u.s. department of health and human services
                
national institutes of health
                
national cancer institute 
usa.gov














