




welcome to pointofcare.net
print
addthis
welcome to pointofcare.net
addthis
print
welcome to pointofcare.net
print
addthis
welcome to point of care.net
addthis
print






welcome to point of care.net
















the point-of-care coordinators online resource


 
pocc of the year award
poc vendors
contact us
home
































point-of-care testing — managing change when you are not in charge
mlo august 2014 | july 22, 2024 by robert f moran, phd, fccm, fiupac
managing change is never an easy task — even less so when you are not in charge — which is where most of us find ourselves in point-of-care environments. point-of-care testing (poct) defines itself: clinical laboratory testing conducted close to where patient care is provided. it is focused on real turn-around-time (tat), from specimen collection, to measurement, and then in the hands of the caregiver. great for the treating caregiver but it comes at a cost  — a technology investment if measurement devices are dedicated to a sufficiently small group of patients and a support infrastructure such as data management systems that must work seamlessly together. those capital costs and the related system’s complexity leads us to a need to understand how it all fits together.
read more >

poc events 
















poc listservs













poc resource






download the guide



 
poc links



cln special report on
                                  point of care testing


poct handbook


nacb guidelines


labtestsonline.org


epevaluator


westgard-qc


poc procedures


 


cap checklists available


view the checklist press release


see the poct checklist



poc groups
                              























3rivers (western pa)*


alabama


arizona


bay area (ca) 


bay state (ma) *


central 
                                florida *


georgia 


heart of 
                                america *


heart of texas poc group


keypocc*


louisiana 


new jersey *


north 
                                carolina*


north 
                                country (mn)*


north texas


northwest (or)*


ohio *


rocky 
                                mountain*


san diego *


south 
                                carolina*


southern 
                                california 


southwest 
                                florida 


southwest *


tennessee*


texas 
                                gulf coast*


virginia*


*indicates poc group is hosting a webinar. click on the group link for topics, speaker and registration details.


 





tjuh’s lilah evans named 2024 pocc of the year!
other cpoct division awards announced
the adlm  critical and point-of-care testing division has announced that lilah  evans mt(ascp), cpp, supervisor, point-of-care testing, at tjuh, philadelphia,  pa has been named the recipient of the 2024 point-of-care  coordinator of the year award. 
lilah is the 25th recipient (see complete list here) to earn this prestigious  award. she was honored during the cpoct business meeting during the adlm annual meeting in chicago.
lilah has also  been instrumental in the growth and success of the keypocc group where she has  held multiple officer roles.
other award  recipients include:

best abstract, implementation of a point of       care emergency preparedness policy: are you ready for a disaster?
barb elli mls(ascp), cpp, upmc, pittsburgh, pa


outstanding contributions in point-of-care testing
brad karon md, phd, mayo clinic, rochester. mn


adlm cpoct research grant, poct testing to improve       maternal-fetal outcomes
ridwan ibrahim phd and sridevi devaraj phd, baylor       college of medicine / texas childrens hospital 



adlm now accepting certified point-of-care professional applications
june 10, 2024 - stand  out as an expert in the field and apply to earn the designation of certified  point-of-care testing professional (cpp). becoming a cpp diplomate begins by  submitting your online application to sit for the cpp exam, which consists of  multiple choice questions across point-of-care test selection, quality  management, and safety and regulations.

successful candidates go on to add the cpp designation to their professional  credentials and share their expertise with the world. start your path to  joining the distinguished roster of cpp diplomates today.

submit your application by  august 22, 2024. adlm membership is not required. learn more >
application requirements
applicants must have a two-year degree in medical laboratory science or medical  laboratory technology and four years of direct poct work experience or a  four-year degree in a biological, chemical, physical, or medical laboratory  science or in nursing and at least two years of direct poct work experience.  applicants also need to have a supervisor letter and two letters of reference  that describe the applicant’s experience in point-of-care testing. application  details are online.
application deadline
august 22, 2024, 11:59 p.m. eastern
exam period
successful applicants will be eligible for the next online proctored exam  window, which is november 11-15, 2024. submit your application today.


molecular point-of-care testing offers hope to quell the sti epidemic
mlo | april 2024 | by allison mcmullen, phd d (abmm)
when expressing the breadth of the risk of sexually transmitted infections (stis), a colleague of mine often shares the stark perspective, “if you’re having sex, you’re at risk.” and she’s right. while sex is rarely discussed in an open and candid fashion, it is important to remember that sexual health is health, and encompasses all aspects of human sexuality. sexual health and satisfaction are key components of health and well-being.1
we are accustomed to thinking about sexual health as the presence or absence of disease — namely sexually transmitted infections. but the who defines sexual health as “a state of physical, emotional, mental, and social well-being,” which includes aspects such as reproductive health, access to education and care, and sexual experience free of coercion, discrimination, and violence, among others.2 this emerging, broader conversation around sexual health is rooted in changes in communication — the more we talk about it, the more informed we are. the more informed we are, the more we can reduce the stigma associated with sexually transmitted infections and improve the uptake of testing.
read more >


state of the industry
medical labs increase use of performance analytics;
                            target strategic it investments
mlo february 2024 | by kara nadeau
digital transformation of processes and the resulting data and analytics generated are growing in importance across the healthcare industry, including medical laboratories. to understand how medical laboratory professionals are using technology and data in their operations, medical laboratory observer issued its third annual state of the industry (soi) survey on laboratory data analytics.
three key findings:

strategic it priorities for labs
increased use of data analytics for all aspects of lab management
interoperability and data integration issues with laboratory information

read more >


7 pointers for poc cardiac troponin measurement
cap today, january 2024 | by amy carpenter
seven recommendations for the use of cardiac troponin measurement at the point of care were published last year and reported in a session at the association for diagnostics and laboratory medicine annual meeting, shortly after the recommendations appeared in print (collinson p, et al. clin chem lab med. 2023;61[6]:989–998).
the guidelines and recommendations are those of the international federation of clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine’s committee on clinical applications of cardiac biomarkers (c-cb). of the 11 authors, four are from the u.s.: amy saenger, phd, and fred apple, phd, of the departments of laboratory medicine and pathology at hennepin healthcare/hcmc in minneapolis and the university of minnesota, and allan jaffe, md, and brad karon, md, phd, of the department of laboratory medicine and pathology at mayo clinic. (dr. jaffe is also in mayo’s department of cardiology, and dr. karon is dean of the mayo clinic school of health sciences.)
read more...









article archive >
 
questions or 
						corrections: editor@pointofcare.net. 
	                      © 2024  back to top





































 








































