










information and tours around san francisco - blog about san francisco the city in the bayinformation and tours around san francisco | blog about san francisco the city in the bay	





































skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


information and tours around san francisco
blog about san francisco the city in the bay


 

search




main menu
home
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 







different ways of spending a day at golden gate park
featured


posted on august 29, 2020  by  renowntoursuser 


the golden gate park is one of the most popular attractions in san francisco. as expansive as it is, the park is diverse as well. not only does it contain multiple exciting attractions, but it also contains a variety of things to do. every visitor will have a huge variety of activities to pick from. here are some of the ways you could spend your time in the park.
golden gate park near outer richmond, richmond district, and inner sunset
 
making discoveries
whether scientific or historical, there are plenty of things you could discover in the park. they could be tropical plants, fossils, gemstones, or sea life. these could all be discovered by making a visit to the california academy of sciences. it is a large science museum which is regarded as one of the greenest and eco-friendly museums in the world. its focus is on natural historic exhibits. among the exhibits, is the rainforests which contain various animal and plant species that represent rainforests across the world. one visit to the museum will enable you to learn about the big bang theory as well as extinct animals. you will get a chance to see the albino alligator and watch the african penguins being fed. educational movies are also available to be watched after you have had a walk through the rainforest environment.
smelling the flowers
if you are a lover of plants and flowers, you will have difficulty choosing what to visit in the park. there are so many wonderful options to pick from. the conservation of flowers is a great collection of exotic and rare plants. the botanical garden includes thousands of plant species from around the world. the beautiful thing is that there are plenty of free gardens in the park hence you don’t have to pay to see the great flowers. examples of the flowers you could marvel at include tulips at the tulip garden, dahlias at the dahlia garden, roses, and succulents at the rose and arizona gardens respectively.
engage in active activities
the park is a great spot to be active since there are numerous recreational activities that can be done. you can go biking, hiking, jogging or skating. the park is huge which allows for any sporting activity ranging from baseball, football, soccer, volleyball, tennis, handball, rugby, and many more. if you are looking for more low-key activities, there are equally impressive places for lawn sports. water sports are also available at the park. these include rowboats, canoes, and paddleboats.
please visit this towing service to get towing help in san francisco city.
towing service near richmond district
auto towing
1229 underwood ave,
san francisco, ca 94124
+14153335559

san francisco, ca 94133, usa
if you have time, check out alcatraz island. you will have to depart from pier 33 san francisco. it is the only route boats take from san francisco to get to this historic island, once a prison.
if you’re interested in reading about the summer of love relics, such as the beat museum near jackson square san francisco, click to read our blog all about the subject.
 


posted in travelers info 
 | 

tagged golden gate park, san francisco 




summer of love in san francisco

posted on august 4, 2020  by  renowntoursuser 


summer of love in san francisco
the summer of love was an occurrence in the 1967 summer that involved hundreds of thousands of people especially the young. it involved sporting the hippie fashion and behavior then converged in haight-ashbury, one of the san francisco’s neighborhood. sometimes referred to as flower children, the hippies were a diverse group. most of them rejected the consumerist values and were always suspicious of the government. most were thus interested in art or spiritual practices with only a few interested in politics.
beat museum
you need to travel back in time to the 1950s and explore the beats in order to understand how the hippies took over san francisco. the beat museum is located on north beach and houses many ancient artifacts. they include photos and notebooks documenting the adventures of jack kerouac that resulted in his pioneering piece of art, ‘on the road’. this creation has had a big influence among the youth who would initiate the hippie movement and stay at the frontline of the summer of love. furthermore, it had an influence from allen ginsberg, a famous poet. he linked the hippies and the beats through his activism and work. the museum has retained a calm atmosphere as it preserves history. old hippies can be found selling tickets and narrating the olden days’ tales.
city lights
it was and is still a symbol of a countercultural movement in san francisco. it was founded by ferlinghetti lawrence, a beat poet. it is located on columbus avenue near the beat museum. inside, you will find stacks of different materials from green politics to surrealist treaties. these are a true reflection of the hippies’ dream. for those who don’t prefer the bulky stuff, they can flip through the fiction section and choose branded merchandise instead.
ashbury and haight
the intersection at ashbury and haight was the focal point of the hippie movement in san francisco. it began in 1964 and grew to its peak in 1967. it is commonly known as the haight to most people in the city. some of the biggest names on the scene such as janis joplin and jefferson airplane originated from the area. they facilitated the booming of the movement with young people flocking in to ‘drop out’.
golden gate park
it was the spot to go to in 1967 for hordes flocking the city. the site of the human be-in became the polo fields in the park. 1967 saw large numbers of young people gather to witness the hippie pioneer leary timothy encourage them to ‘drop out’. in addition, they could see the holding company and big brother play their psychedelic rock. currently, it is considered as an influential counterculture event, that started off the summer of love. are you still looking for more information, check this your guide to summer in san francisco which is for travelers.

 


posted in travelers info 






archives

august 2020



meta

log in







					proudly powered by wordpress				











