     cars for sale | leading chevrolet dealership in houma, la | trapp chevrolet                            
                                         trapp chevrolet             sales 985-303-6019    service 985-276-9922  parts 985-876-6570      200 south hollywood rdhouma, la 70360                                        service        map        contact                         trapp chevrolet                     call 985-303-6019   directions                      new   new vehicles   new ev   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   model research   chevy accessibility   online shopper   business elite   shop from home    model research     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   the best used chevy vehicles in houma, la   find my car   chevrolet special offers     red tag event   evs   learn about the blazer ev   learn about the equinox ev   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   test drive chevy ev     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   apply for financing   payment calculator   chevrolet protection   the lds group   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   our dealership   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog   chevy dealer serving all locations     owners   owner benefits   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards   career technicians                      home   new   new vehicles   new ev   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   model research   chevy accessibility   online shopper   business elite   shop from home    model research     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   the best used chevy vehicles in houma, la   find my car   chevrolet special offers     red tag event   evs   learn about the blazer ev   learn about the equinox ev   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   test drive chevy ev     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   apply for financing   payment calculator   chevrolet protection   the lds group   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   our dealership   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog   chevy dealer serving all locations     owners   owner benefits   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards   career technicians               














inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





                                                            important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                                                                                                           







special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        



view our lineup



cars

|

suvs

|

trucks

|

evs









malibu





camaro





corvette









trax





equinox





trailblazer





blazer





traverse





tahoe





suburban









colorado





silverado 1500





silverado 2500hd





silverado 3500hd





express









blazer ev





equinox ev





silverado ev








     


schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive




certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified


     



chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks







      

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your chevrolet the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. trapp chevrolet technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


       



trapp chevrolet
welcome to trapp chevrolet, one of the largest chevy dealers in louisiana and the only chevy dealership in houma, la. our houma car dealership is locally owned and we have been in business for more than 45 years, so you can trust that we have the passion and knowledge to make your new or used car, or truck, purchase stress and hassle-free. conveniently located 55 miles west of new orleans and 37 miles east of morgan city, we cater to visitors from all around southern louisiana including cut off and thibodaux. it is this location paired with our unparalleled customer service and live market prices that have kept customers coming back for years.
more about us




     


    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 4:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm     sunday closed        
     



follow us on social media


                            


     

your satisfaction always comes first at trapp chevrolet! we're proud to take care of our friends in houma, thibodaux, raceland, morgan city, metairie, and throughout the greater new orleans area and give them the dealership experience they deserve!

trapp chevrolet: excellent service since 1971
our longevity at the top of the auto business comes from our commitment to always being there for our customers throughout every step of the process we provide. whether we're helping you find the perfect vehicle from the selection we offer or continuing to support you with excellent financing, we aim to provide you with a comprehensive experience.



recognized for our achievements



we're always striving to improve the services we offer our clients, and those efforts are recognized through the many accolades our business has earned. the fact that we've been awarded the prestigious chevrolet mark of excellence and been named the bayou's best tells you the high-quality standard of service our customers get from us.




drive home in one of these fantastic vehicles

silverado

want a truck that won't let you down when you need to tackle a tough job? then take your pick from the silverado lineup. every silverado model is right at the top of its class of truck, with the light-duty versatility of the silverado 1500 offering up to 13,300 pounds of towing capacity as well as the silverado 2500 and other heavy-duty options for even more power.


tahoe

packing for your next adventure? you'll want the space that the tahoe gives you to work with. with up to 122.9 cubic feet of maximum cargo capacity, you won't have to leave anything behind when you have this vehicle on your side.



traverse

powerful performance sets the traverse apart from what other driving experiences give you. the 328-horsepower engine that comes standard on new models of the traverse will give you a rush of exhilaration every time you step on the gas.




suburban

get your friends and family where they're going in style when you take them for a ride in the suburban. intelligent tech such as the available super cruise system for hands-free assisted driving on compatible highways puts the suburban at the cutting edge of what modern suvs offer.


equinox

a compact suv that packs a whole lot of power into its trimmed-down frame, the equinox will impress you with its capability. switchable all-wheel drive is available so you can get extra traction when you're faced with slick roads or other tricky conditions.




service and financing

auto care done right

instead of trusting just anybody with the upkeep your vehicle needs, bring it to our service department and leave it in the hands of trained professionals. ask about our service specials to get a great deal on the quality maintenance we provide.


special credit financing

whether you've got bad credit, fantastic credit, or somewhere in between, we believe that you deserve a great deal on your vehicle purchase. our special credit financing options ensure that a few missed payments in the past don't stop you from getting the drive you deserve in the present. inquire with our finance department today!.

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | trapp chevrolet | 200 south hollywood rd, houma, la 70360 | sales: 985-303-6019              




















                 