

holy cross of san antonio








quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation
holy cross of san antoniosearch for:
donate68°weathertoggle dropdowncurrent conditions as of 17 feb 16:55 pm cstfairlocation:san antoniofeels like:na°humidity:41wind:s 12 mph68°tonightpatchy fog after 5am.  otherwise, mostly cloudy, with a low around 53. southeast wind 5 to 10 mph. tuesdaya slight chance of drizzle before 9am.  patchy fog before 11am.  otherwise, cloudy, then gradually becoming mostly sunny, with a high near 71. east southeast wind around 5 mph becoming south in the afternoon. tuesday nightmostly cloudy, with a low around 33. north wind 5 to 10 mph increasing to 15 to 20 mph after midnight. winds could gust as high as 30 mph. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.
follow usfacebooktwitterinstagram 
quicklinks

apply now athletics contact us library resources make a payment staff 

search

main navigationholy cross of san antonio logoabout hctoggle dropdownabout hc - president's welcometoggle dropdownabout hc - president's welcome - who founded holy cross?about hc - president's welcome - why 426 n. san felipe?about hc - principal's welcomeabout hc - vision statementabout hc - holy cross missionabout hc - holy cross codeabout hc - hc 426about hc - history of holy crossabout hc - board of trustees
christian service
admissionstoggle dropdownadmissions - visit usadmissions - how to applyadmissions - tuition informationadmissions - financial aid informationadmissions - scholarshipsadmissions - refer-a-friendadmissions - parent testimonialsadmissions - enrollment/reenrollment
academicstoggle dropdownacademics - holy cross academic experiencetoggle dropdownacademics - holy cross academic experience - academic awards and announcementsacademics - holy cross dual credit experienceacademics - curriculumacademics - library resourcesacademics - roboticsacademics - the gauntlet
counselor's cornertoggle dropdowncounselor's corner - meet your counselorcounselor's corner - counselor's announcementscounselor's corner - college preparationcounselor's corner - test prep resourcescounselor's corner - applying to collegecounselor's corner - navigating financial aidcounselor's corner - scholarship resourcescounselor's corner - naviancecounselor's corner - college visit calendarcounselor's corner - glossary of college termscounselor's corner - the journey continues...
athletics
advancementtoggle dropdownadvancement - 426advancement - 300 initiativetoggle dropdownadvancement - 300 initiative - class of 1967advancement - public relationsadvancement - planned givingadvancement - community partnerstoggle dropdownadvancement - community partners - benefits to being a community partneradvancement - community partners - community partners directoryadvancement - mediaadvancement - annual reportadvancement - scholarship
alumnitoggle dropdownalumni - holy cross owned businessesalumni - stories from san felipealumni - membership and engagementalumni - golf tournamentalumni - alumni meetings
what is 426?toggle dropdownwhat is 426? - the 426toggle dropdownwhat is 426? - the 426 - 426 testimonials
news & events
parentstoggle dropdownparents - parent teacher club (ptc)parents - parent student handbookparents - renweb login instructionsparents - data change request
business office
 calendar
contact us
staff directory
archives
parent teacher conferences
more...toggle dropdown


 loading...

basketball tourneyadmissionsacademicsparent renwebjoin 426alumni associationdonate
 





become a knight. at holy cross, top academics meet a community raised in tradition and cradled in love. here, you can pursue your passions through the experience of a lifetime. our online application is process is free and simple. to guide you through, we've outlined the steps below to help you complete your application with ease. we can't wait to welcome you to the holy cross family. 

 
	 
	     create an account    : parent . . . learn more





welcome hc fans!  spring athletics are in full swing with soccer, basketball, softball, baseball, powerlifting, and track & field, and spring football begins soon.   

  for our loyal families and fans, you can find schedules, teams, ticket information, and even archived game video on our hudl page.  

  we look forward to a great spring and summer of athletics. thank you all for your continued support and go knights!  

   . . . learn more





moreau days -educating hearts & minds through a four day academic school week  
  

   named in honor of our founder, father moreau, who said, “our students should not be ignorant of anything they should know,” our moreau days help students validate the learning received monday through thursday by contextualizing those lessons into tangible real-world experiences and learning sessions.     
  

   these experiences include christian service experiences,     ap exam prep, psat/sat . . . learn more





why 426 n. san felipe st. ?  why 426 n. san felipe st?  

   

 hopefully you have read part i of this article, “two frequently asked questions.”  in part one i attempted to identify the brothers of holy cross in the context of followers of the founders, father james dujarié and father basile moreau.  if you do not remember the article, then you might want to go back and refresh your memory.  now in part two i will address . . . learn more





holy cross dual credit experience    

 the holy cross dual credit experience, operated under a partnership with our lady of the lake university, is designed to expose excellent students to college level classes while earning credit towards high school graduation and their university transcript.  since it's inception, dual credit scholars have either continued at our lady of the lake or other 4 year universities and have graduated ahead of a normal . . . learn more


 



events
view calendar 

sundayfeb16 mondayfeb17university of alabama-lunch visit11:53am to  12:23pm: tuesdayfeb18college outreach night @ holy cross 6:15pm to   8:00pm: wednesdayfeb19 thursdayfeb20 fridayfeb21college tour (juniors only)+1 saturdayfeb22 
send us a message



name (required)



email (required)




message






send your message








watch this space for live notificationsview more
instagramfollow @holycross.saholycross.sa
follow us
contact us426 n. san felipe st.san antonio, tx  78228210.433.9395

download our app. stay informed.
optimized for your mobile phone, our app will keep you informed while on the go. download today from the links below.


© 2025 holy cross of san antonioaccessibilityprivacy pledgethis institution is an equal opportunity provider.




holycross-sa.socs.net






