













renaissance tudor elizabethan wedding gowns celtic period wedding dresses bridal clothing





























renaissance gowns
elizabethan gowns






tudor gowns
medieval gowns





welcome to arcane lore design, creators of quality custom renaissance, elizabethan, 
      tudor, period, celtic and medieval dresses and garb, bridal gowns and groom's wedding attire, gothic, fantasy, and pagan clothes, cloaks, coats, 
      corsets and doublets.
click anywhere to see our catalog. 

















"wear your dreams and live the magick!" 













 
 



should you not find what you are seeking within, please feel free to contact us for we would love to create something one of 
      a kind for you.  with the exception of a few ready-to-ship items, all of our garments are created on an individual basis for each client, hand 
      made in our studio to their measurements in their choices of fabrics and trims.  we accept one of a kind commissions and can help you bring 
      the outfit of you dreams to life.















 


















































copyright © 2018 arcanelore, all rights reserved


if you would like to experience some magick and not just wear it, please visit our sister site:
salem sight online psychic readings, tarot readings, phone readings, psychic reading, tarot reading, psychic 
party, psychic parties, house blessings, massachusetts, boston with clairvoyant spirit medium kyri spencer

salem sight psychic readings 




the renaissance

the age of the renaissance spanned roughly the 14th century to the 17th century. by the 1490's the excessiveness in all areas of costuming had begun, 
the natural figure being distorted by padding, puffing and slashing, ever richer and heavier fabrics being used, and more and more embellishments with 
jewels and metals.  by the 1600's the excesses and extravagances of fashion had reached the point where monarchs felt the need to introduce the "sumptuary 
statutes".  these laws were intended to prevent people from squandering their fortunes on clothing but also prevented the lower classes from dressing 
as finely as the upper classes.

the elizabethan age

the elizabethan era is the period associated with queen elizabeth i's reign which lasted from 1558 to 1603. it is considered to be the golden age in english 
history as it was the height of the english renaissance and saw the flowering of english poetry, music and literature. rapid changes in fashion occurred 
during this era, reflecting the rapid social, economic, political, and religious changes. elizabeth herself was highly aware of how dress could be made 
to manipulate a public political image, and spent her public life as queen in a series of progressively larger, more decorated and more uncomfortable 
gowns.


the tudor period

the tudor period refers to the period between 1485 and 1550, which coincides with the rule of the tudor dynasty in england.  ever increasing cross-culturalization 
meant that the fashions of the most prosperous nations found their way into neighboring nations and it became increasingly difficult to identify a nationality 
based on dress.  henry vii was a man of austere and economical tastes, but his successor henry viii was quite the opposite. his costumes ever more 
ornate with more and more slashing and puffing. over the shirt was worn a sort of waistcoat, over that the doublet, over that the jerkin or jacket, and 
over that the gown. the outfit was completed by hose which after 1515 became divided into breeches and stockings, and shoes that also were embroidered 
or slashed.


the middle ages

the medieval period, or middle ages, spanned the 5th to 14th centuries.  it wasn't until the 11th century that emerging monarchies in france, england, 
and spain created courts with real wealth to spend on fashionable clothes. it was also during this period that europe saw the emergence of the professional 
tailor which caused a rapid acceleration in the art.  prior to this people either made their own clothes or had their servants make them.

period gowns, period dresses, medieval clothes
renaissance bridal, renaissance wedding dresses, tudor wedding dresses, elizabethan wedding dresses, medieval wedding dresses
your source for renaissance clothing, tudor clothing, elizabethan clothing, medieval clothing, period clothing.
a full line of renaissance clothes, tudor clothes, elizabethan clothes, medieval clothes, period clothes.











renaissance bridal, renaissance wedding dresses, tudor wedding dresses, elizabethan wedding dresses, medieval wedding dresses
a full line of renaissance clothes, tudor clothes, elizabethan clothes, medieval clothes, period clothes.
your source for renaissance clothing, tudor clothing, elizabethan clothing, medieval clothing, period clothing.



