






anxiety treatment online, telehealth anxiety counselling sessions 




































enquire about anxiety treatment now - phone 0429 88 3671telehealth consent form
 
anxiety treatments

social anxiety
public speaking fears
mental health training
excessive worrying
depression counselling
group hoarding disorder sessions


online counselling
resources

anxiety disorder treatments

social anxiety
public speaking fear
public speaking without the anxiety 2024
hoarding
irritable bowel syndrome
exam anxiety
body dysmorphic disorder treatment
overcoming health anxiety/hypochondriasis


treatment

anxiety medication, types and benefits of anxiety medications
treatment for insomnia in melbourne
relaxation techniques to reduce anxiety
breathing exercises for anxiety (hyperventilation relief)
how to beat anxiety with exposure therapy
cognitive behavioural therapy for anxiety
exercise
nutrition & lifestyle issues
driving anxiety treatment
virtual reality treatment


anxiety help

what is social anxiety
anxiety attack, panic attack & anxiety disorder treatment
what is obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd)?
excessive worrying & generalised anxiety disorder treatment
overcoming fears and phobias with cbt treatment
treatment for insomnia in melbourne
body dysmorphic disorder treatment
hoarding help & treatment
irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) treatments
overcoming health anxiety/hypochondriasis
exam anxiety


faq


group therapy

hoarding treatment workshops
one day intensive shyness & social anxiety workshops
public speaking anxiety workshops
public speaking anxiety – 2 day course
overcoming perfectionism workshop
overcoming shyness and social anxiety
stress management training courses


about

blog


book now
 




enquire about anxiety treatment now - phone 0429 88 3671telehealth consent form
 





enquire about anxiety treatment now - phone 0429 88 3671telehealth consent form
 







anxiety treatment online
professional anxiety treatment sessions are offered online. convenient and easy to attend. we also provide online depression counselling for those in remote locations or who don’t want to travel.


contact us for appointmentonline consultation




social anxiety treatments
feeling shy, lonely or isolated?
we offer telehealth or online anxiety sessions for shyness, or other social anxiety issues you may be facing. includes public speaking anxiety treatments too.
 
melbourne appointmentscoviu consultation




telehealth anxiety treatment
contact us to book an telehealth anxiety appointment with an experienced online anxiety counsellor.
bulk billing available + medicare rebates
get professional help coviu consultation




cognitive behavioural therapy.
online or by phone (telehealth) with an experienced cbt clinical psychologist
appointment in melbournebulk billed telehealth




decluttering your home?, catherine can help.
catherine madigan offers an affordable decluttering service and this can be done in person as a home visit if you are in victoria or via a video conference , ie online if you are outside her catchment area, ie interstate or overseas. 
get professional helpzoom consultation









anxiety counselling online
catherine madigan is an experienced anxiety relief counsellor in melbourne. she has run countless successful group workshops and one on one sessions for patients of all ages. catherine helps her patients overcome all types of anxiety such as public speaking, shyness, perfectionism, stress management, hoarding and many other social anxiety fears too.
she can offer private anxiety counselling services online through coviu. anxiety treatment in melbourne or across the country can be bulk-billed in many circumstances. this includes telehealth counselling sessions too.
online anxiety treatment appointments
speaking about anxiety, and getting help can be easier than you may think. it doesn’t matter where you live in australia or however isolated you may feel. we can help you deal with any anxiety issues you may be facing with approved telehealth anxiety appointments online. this includes depression counselling online and other related services too.
the online anxiety treatments we are currently offering are included in the list of the essential services as a mental health requirement. catherine has helped many fifo workes deal with anxieties, and relationship issues they were facing. if you would like to speak with an experienced fifo counsellor, catherine is available.
we are just a coviu away. this means we can provide anxiety help to you, wherever you live in australia. the type of anxiety or fear you may be suffering does not matter. our experience can help provide you with the tools to deal with anxiety in a holistic way.
anxiety help in melbourne
anxiety treatment australia is an anxiety clinic based in hawthorn east, melbourne. it is run by catherine madigan. she is an experienced clinical psychologist. her primary focus is on treating anxiety disorders online through:

one on one anxiety treatment sessions
telehealth (secure online and telephone anxiety sessions)
online (coviu) therapy for anxiety
group therapy workshops, such a public speak fear workshops each month

her anxiety help is highly effective. it can usually be bulk billed for concession card holders and medicare rebates apply.
social related anxiety sessions
with so much news, dramatic events and pressures that are stirred up each day, it makes sense that many people feel overwhelmed. covid 19 and the response to it by our society highlighted this fact even more.
these days most people report feeling busier than ever, to the point of overwhelm and anxiety. we are currently faced with a cost of living crisis, environmental issues, rising crime rates, interest rate uncertainty and much more. they are all examples of stress triggers that are often reinforced through social media and current affairs each day. it’s something we might just need to learn to deal with.
many clients are contacting us for anxiety treatments related to the above triggers. whether you want a social anxiety counsellor in melbourne, or someone to talk with online, simply contact us. together we can discuss your anxiety, put it into perspective and create ways for you to mitigate or manage the anxiety you feel. catherine is sure she has helped someone who is feeling just like you are now, to live a better, more positive and relaxed life.
discover more
catherine provides anxiety treatment sessions or stress management counseling online via coviu.

group hoarding disorder sessions
based in the eastern suburbs of melbourne – date coming soon.
hoarding is a more complex issue than often assumed. many people who have difficulty discarding items feel that people do not understand their attachment to objects. group therapy for hoarding can be appealing as it gives people an opportunity to meet others facing similar challenges.
catherine madigan is a clinical psychologist who offers a 10-session group program for hoarding disorders specifically.
attendees are required to do at least one individual session before joining a hoarding disorder workshop. this is in order to be assessed and to establish whether a hoarding workshop is the right choice for treatment. this individual session can be bulk billed for low-income healthcare card holders and can be also offered via telehealth.

find out more


decluttering your home?, catherine can help.
catherine is caring and non-judgemental. she has helped many people restore order to their homes.
catherine understands that people enjoy acquiring items and may have great difficulty discarding or rehoming them because they have sentimental value, are very attractive, etc.
there are many reasons why people have obtained too many items: gifts, inheriting deceased estates, collecting items, compulsive shopping and acquiring, there are many reasons why items may be in a mess, e.g. lack of storage, lack of systems, poor health ( e.g. chronic fatigue, back injuries) attention deficit disorder, depression, memory issues, procrastination and perfectionism.
sometimes, the number of items one has acquired becomes overwhelming, and family members complain. rooms can no longer be used for their intended purpose, and people can be embarrassed to have people over to the house. this can prevent one from socialising. sometimes, the neighbours complain, or the council gets involved.
as a clinical psychologist, catherine understands that disposing of items can be highly stressful, and some people cannot cope with long periods of decluttering. so, depending on the client’s tolerance and budget, a visit could last as little as an hour or as much as a day.
catherine is willing to take items away to your chosen charity opportunity shop and /or organise skips and hard rubbish collections. catherine used to be a secondhand dealer, so she has some idea of whether items are collectables, antiques, or art pieces. she can advise you as to what items should be taken to an auction room for an appraisal and/or to be sold. if you want to sell items yourself, she is happy to help you list them or organise a garage sale.
catherine understands that your possessions are your possessions and your decision about what stays or goes. catherine does not touch items without your permission and is happy to stand back and let you deal with the items if you wish as she understands it can create anxiety if she moves things around.
please call 0429883671 to organise an appointment or email.









catherine madigan
if you are struggling to cope with any kind of stress or anxiety, contact catherine to talk about it. she offers result focused anxiety treatment sessions online. she is very experienced with telehealth anxiety counselling and can help you no matter where you are.
medicare rebates are available for telehealth counselling appointments. this includes those who have a mental health care plan and a signed referral letter stating the number of sessions authorised. private health fund rebates apply to both individual and online anxiety services too.
find out more




stress management
we offer private stress management help, in person or also online. they are designed to provide personalised tools to help you deal with stress more effectively. this includes fifo worker stress management help. through online sessions, catherine can take appointments for those in remote areas of australia too. click below for topics that can be included in a stress management training course.
find out more







our services






depression counselling

depression affects 1 in 7 australians at some point in their life. stressors such as unemployment, running a small business, financial worries, relationship problems, family breakdown and social isolation can lead to someone becoming depressed.
cbt treatment is available here online or by phone


learn more







anxiety counselling

are you worried about losing your job? are you anxious about paying your bills?  do have difficulty controlling your worry? are you experiencing panic attacks?  are you having difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep? our anxiety counselling sessions can help. we provide anxiety treatment in person, through online calls or by phone through coviu.

learn more







stress management counselling

we offer stress management counselling for individuals and provide stress management workshops to organisations, businesses and schools. they are on site or catherine offers online stress management services too. contact us to learn more about our stress management workshops.

learn more







public speaking anxiety counselling

public speaking anxiety treatment is a focus of anxiety treatment australia. we offer individual and/or group sessions as well as virtual reality exposure. now is the ideal time for online public speaking anxiety treatment, so you can face the world with confidence.

in person, telehealth sessions are available via phone or video conference online.

learn more







body image counselling

many people are preoccupied with their appearance and worry about how they appear. not because they are vain, but because they believe they are ugly and they may be very distressed about it. body image issues and body dysmorphic disorder are treated with cbt.

offered at our clinic or through telehealth sessions via phone or online conferencing.

learn more







group therapy

we can offer group therapy workshops for public speaking anxiety, social anxiety, perfectionism, hoarding, shyness and more. click below to see when our next sessions in melbourne are scheduled for.

learn more




telehealth

we offer telehealth services via the telephone or online (coviu). telehealth anxiety treatment means you can start or maintain your treatment without leaving your home or office. 
telehealth services are bulk billed for all commonwealth concession card holders and people deemed to be vulnerable to covid-19.  if you do not wish to use medicare, or are not eligible for medicare, services are still available for a fee.

learn more







4 good reason you should call us!






quick appointments no matter where you live in australia. online shyness, public speaking and anxiety treatment available.







minimal out of pocket expense (medicare & health fund rebates)







clinical psychologist with approx. 25 years of experience. also offering virtual reality exposure therapy.







business hours, after hours and saturdays appointments






frequently asked questions



anxiety treatment australia 



anxiety australia is an anxiety clinic in hawthorn, melbourne that is run by catherine madigan, who is a clinical psychologist. she primarily focuses on treating anxiety disorders and stress management techniques to individuals and businesses through one on one consultations and stress management workshops.
she offers professional, discreet and confidential treatment options that work.
catherine’s effective anxiety treatments offered in melbourne can help you overcome disorders such as:

generalised anxiety disorder (excessive worrying)
post traumatic stress disorder (e.g. this condition may develop after: a motor vehicle accident, an assault, or some other event where the individual was exposed to a life threatening or severely injurious situation which involved themselves or others).
panic disorder (anxiety attacks)
specific phobias (e.g. heights, dogs, spiders, blood etc.)
social anxiety (fear of being negatively judged or evaluated by others)
body dysmorphic disorder (excessive preoccupation with one’s appearance, worrying about an imagined defect or blowing out of proportion a slight flaw in one’s appearance).
hoarding

call now for an appointment on 0429 883 671
the www.anxietyaustralia.com.au/ website provides information about anxiety disorders and the treatment options available. you will also find contact details for other psychologists around australia who have substantial experience in and/or work primarily with anxiety disorders.
catherine madigan is a melbourne based clinical psychologist. she is passionate about empowering clients with confidence. the reason her focus is primarily on the treatment of anxiety disorders is that she gains great satisfaction by witnessing the freedom and life changing results her therapies can deliver.





the incidence of anxiety disorders in australia 



anxiety disorders are the most common mental disorders in australia, with 1/7 people (14% of the population) reporting having had an anxiety disorder in the last 12 months. women are more likely to have an anxiety disorder than men, 18% vs 11%. abs national survey of mental health & wellbeing, summary of results 2007.





what is anxiety? 



anxiety or fear is a normal response to a present or imagined threat. mild fear can be helpful as it enables us to respond quickly when faced with a dangerous situation and to be alert in difficult situations (e.g. exams). however, excessive fear may lead to people being paralysed e.g. soldiers under attack may be so afraid they can’t move to take cover, public speakers may find they go blank, forget their lines and are rendered speechless.
anxiety is a normal emotion as it affects most people and is widespread. you would be abnormal if you didn’t experience fear sometimes. however, if your anxiety is out of proportion to the situation you are experiencing and/or persists in the absence of threat, e.g you worry about events months ahead or are experiencing anxiety long after the danger has passed, you may need professional help.





why am i experiencing anxiety symptoms? 



some people are more prone to experiencing anxiety than others and it is not caused by just one thing but by a combination of factors including: genetics, family environment and traumatic life experiences. sufferers may have unhelpful thinking patterns such as perfectionist standards. nevertheless, you can learn to manage your anxiety more effectively.





view more faqs





latest news



december 18, 2018
am i gay?
“am i gay? ” or” am i a lesbian?  are questions that some people may find has become an intrusive...
learn more




july 30, 2018
chronic pain management and the psychologist
  overcoming anxiety, depression & anger chronic pain can lead to hopelessness, depression, anger and...
learn more




august 17, 2014
body dysmorphic disorder, all in the mind?
  ‘ugliness: it’s all in the mind’ was a news heading that caught my eye this morning in...
learn more




august 13, 2014
robin williams commits suicide due to depression
  13/08/2014 like millions of other people, i was saddened to hear of the death of robin williams. as a child i...
learn more












connect with us












facebook
twitter
instagram




 










about


about


resources


contact us


news


catherine madigan






services


coviu consultation


anxiety help


group therapy


treatment option






information


anxiety


depression


managing chronic pain


medicare









© 2024 anxiety treatment australia abn 51 109 368 630 – coviu anxiety treatment available – depression counselling / public speaking anxiety help







call me

+



				
                    					
										
						we will call you back in the near future!						
										
                

 
call me!



introduce yourself, and we'll call you by name




















