





ariel music & events: top wedding band, dj & event services































































































ariel music & eventstop wedding bands and event services for north-east coast








homemusic

arielheartbeatdjs / mcsparadiso steel drumsclassical musicians and ensemblesoriginal artists

luminosity 

events

lightingvideo productiondestination weddings
accolades

ariel reviews – the knotariel reviews - weddingwireheartbeat reviews – the knotheartbeat reviews – weddingwire“thank you”
blogplan

f.a.q.top songs – receptionstop intro songs for weddingstop songs – ceremoniesclient sign inconnecticut event venuesnew jersey event venuesnew york event venues
contact
















metro new york's premier wedding & event bands 





















award winning bandheartbeat dance bandheartbeat video16 best of weddings awardsariel dance bandariel videosmore than 1000 weddings celebratedmore than 200 five star reviewsread reviewsevent services professionalsuplights, monograms, dance floor lighting, cold spark & more!lighting  services 

 

 







we deliver show-stopping live music for weddings and private events held in new york, new jersey, connecticut and worldwide resort destinations.  we are extremely proud to represent two of the north-east’s top wedding dance bands, “ariel dance band” and “heartbeat dance band“.  these bands have been selected to receive the coveted “hall of fame” award given by the knot, for which only 1% of all wedding professionals nationwide qualify.  we are quite proud of this accomplishment!you can count on us to provide real guidance as you plan your wedding or event.  our years of experience as performers and event planners in the wedding and event services industry give us the understanding of how to deliver a flawless event. with over 35 years of experience, we know what makes a special-day spectacular and unforgettable. 



about ariel music and events 























 







our music and event company is an evolution of more than 30 years of success in the wedding and special events business.  the journey began with husband and wife team, len and elizabeth greene, launching their band ariel, which was to become an award-winning wedding and party band. they founded ariel entertainment in 1982 and their company has provided unparalleled service and incredible music to countless clients over 3 decades.our clients are discriminating couples and corporate planners who are looking for the best talent and services available in the nyc, nj and ct area. 






















client testimonials 

















						where to begin besides saying wow!!! we booked heartbeat dance band for our wedding and they were phenomenal! the dance floor wasn’t empty once the entire night! our guests were blown away by how much fun the band was and are still telling us how much they loved the music .  we’ve been to many weddings before and after and haven’t seen a band like them. they read the room and the crowd and made sure that everyone is having the time of their lives. liz was also phenomenal to work with and super easy to get in touch with. if you want a show-stopping band for your wedding that guests will keep talking about for years to come, book this band!					


tricia c.bride 2023 






						a wedding band is make or break, and ariel dance band surpassed every expectation!!! all of our guests could not stop asking about the band-- even weeks after the wedding! they were so impressed and said they had never heard a better band at a wedding before!! the musicians were beyond phenomenal and they played perfectly to the crowd. they had such a wonderful array of songs, from oldie classics to upbeat modern tunes-- truly they did it all! we were on our feet all night and i guarantee people would have danced with them until 5am if they could have!! cannot recommend enough, snap them up for your date asap!					


erica cbride 2023 






						this band is super talented and was a big hit at our wedding! liz was very organized and communicative throughout the the process from ceremony, cocktail hour and reception! the band was super lively with the crowd and had amazing energy! the band had a nice mix of music so all ages had an amazing time! everyone one was dancing! i highly recommend!!!!!!					


rebecca abride 2023 






						what an amazing band! they literally made our wedding day perfect. our dance floor was packed all night. the communication with the manager leading up to the wedding was also top notch and put our minds at ease. everyone i spoke with was so friendly and the band genuinely seem to love performing. i would recommend them to anyone					


katie rbride, 2023 




 

 


























spread the love



















best of wedding awards from theknot.com













couple's choice awards from weddingwire.com










  admin login   powered by  catalyst 
 copyright © 2025 ariel music & events 






















































