













joint medical program | uc berkeley public health






































skip to main content







university of california, berkeley



events
giving
current students
workplace











 




explore programs 


on-campus programs
online master of public health
joint medical programma/md with ucsf
concurrent mph programsmba / mcp / mj / mpp / msw
undergraduate

browse all programs




request information


apply


toggle search



















menu 


















academics



all degrees & programs
online mph
undergraduate
joint medical program
admissions



research and practice


research
faculty
social impact

about


about ucbph
leadership
support ucbph



community


student life
career and leadership development
diversity and inclusion
alumni

spotlight


news & media
events














uc berkeley / ucsf joint medical program 


















 
 joint medical program
two world-class public universities. two degrees.





























										vision:										




								the uc berkeley-ucsf joint medical program (jmp) advances health equity and social justice by educating a workforce of diverse, antiracist physicians who practice at the intersection of medicine, public health and community health.							












										mission:										




								the jmp provides a unique integrated medical and research curriculum that develops outstanding physicians and collaborative changemakers with the skills to solve public health and health equity challenges and improve the wellbeing of patients and communities.							

























curriculum

















residency placements and matches

















questions and answers

















leadership, faculty, and staff

















admissions and financial information

























the uc berkeley–ucsf joint medical program (jmp) is a five-year graduate/medical degree program. students spend their pre-clerkship years at uc berkeley engaging in a unique medical curriculum centered around student-led inquiry while simultaneously earning a master’s degree (ms) in the health and medical sciences at berkeley public health. after two and a half years, students move across the bay to ucsf to finish their medical education and receive their medical doctorate (md).
the jmp attracts students who are dedicated to improving the world’s health through scholarly self-directed yet collaborative inquiry. this is reflected in both the medical curriculum and master’s program.
the master’s program in health and medical sciences (hms ms) supports the jmp curriculum’s vision by adding to the traditional scientific education a framework of critical inquiry and humanism that affords students the intellectual, practical, and ethical skills to promote and lead change processes aimed at improving the health and wellbeing of individuals and communities. concurrently, students participate in an innovative student-led, faculty-supported foundational sciences curriculum through small group learning strategies like problem-based learning (pbl) and team-based learning (tbl), as well as a clinical skills curriculum, which integrates a structural and systems approach to patient care.
as part of the uc berkeley campus community, each class of 16 students is supported by a multidisciplinary, close-knit, and inter-professional team of faculty and staff, committed to individualized support for students’ success.
upon completion of the five-year program, jmp physicians are strong clinical thinkers, able to engage in understanding the broader issues surrounding medicine through inquiry. they have the skills to: 1.) conduct and interpret research, 2.) work well in multi-disciplinary teams, 3.) teach, and 4.) challenge and change assumptions for how we think about, contextualize and practice medicine within larger systems.












jmp news and media  



										school news

					future doctors dive into health policy in washington, dc				


may 29, 2024



 



										faculty honors

					joint medical program’s daniel woolridge wins emerging health-activist award				


october 17, 2023



 



										school news

					professor osagie k. obasogie confronts the intersection of race, law, and public health				


december 8, 2022



 
 










										school news

					future doctors dive into health policy in washington, dc				


may 29, 2024



 










										faculty honors

					joint medical program’s daniel woolridge wins emerging health-activist award				


october 17, 2023



 










										school news

					professor osagie k. obasogie confronts the intersection of race, law, and public health				


december 8, 2022



 










										school news

					latinx heritage month: a new connection with my culture				


october 13, 2022



 










										alumni

					alumna christine henneberg on her journey to becoming an abortion doctor				


september 30, 2022



 










										faculty honors

					berkeley public health faculty receive coveted guggenheim fellowships				


april 11, 2022



 










										school news

					uc berkeley/ucsf joint medical program celebrates 50 years				


march 31, 2022



 










										students

					a doctor who’s trying to fix what’s broken				


february 23, 2022



 










										research highlights

					how crispr is changing the role of researchers				


november 12, 2021



 










										students

					joint medical program student named 2021 pisacano scholar				


october 1, 2021



 










										research highlights

					ai chatbots don’t meet standards for medical care, new study finds				


september 27, 2021



 










										school news

					dr. coco auerswald helps homeless youth find their footing				


september 13, 2021



 










										students

					sisters and uc berkeley students create health education initiative for afghan refugees				


august 13, 2021



 










										research highlights

					can we replace human empathy in healthcare?				


june 11, 2021



 










										research highlights

					how has covid-19 affected clinical empathy?				


may 5, 2021



 










										racism and health

					four ways to reduce inequity in heart failure rates				


april 19, 2021



 










										alumni

					joint medical program alumna & student named 40 under 40 leaders in minority health				


march 23, 2021



 












join us! 
apply


























support the jmp 
help us to train outstanding physicians committed to health equity and social justice through a variety of funds, including the jmp diversity fund, the jmp student services fund, and the kevin mack medical education leadership support fund.
give now
















get our newsletter!
							sign up to receive news and views from berkeley public health in your inbox.
						





				subscribe to the newsletter			















				support berkeley public health			







contact us
job openings
school leadership
events




student handbook
accessibility compliance
nondiscrimination
privacy statement











linkedin
instagram
tiktok
youtube
facebook
threads
bluesky



										2121 berkeley way
										berkeley, ca 94720-7360
									
publichealth@berkeley.edu


back to top








					©2025 uc regents; all rights reserved
				








