




stereostone outdoor rock speakers



























 


























home


products

cinema rock
classic stone
gibralter rock
gibralter sub rock
omni planter
planter speaker
riverrock omni
riverrock
sierra stone
stereo rock
stereostone sub rock
yosemite rock



online dealers


about


contact


privacy


warranty














bring high quality music to your outdoors....stereostone architectural weatherproof speakers









world's finestoutdoor rock speakers


 
when nothing but the best will do. stereostone has been putting high quality music outdoors for 30 years. we're very good at it.....
 
click image for details

















cinema rock - riverrock gray





proudly made in the usa
all of our speaker components are designed and manufactured in the u.s.a. using the highest quality materials available.




lifetime warranty
each rock speaker is tested in our lab to ensure the highest sound quality and comes with a limited lifetime warranty.




professional applications
stereostone loudspeakers are available for commercial applications. they are rated at 250 watts power handling, plus higher sensitivity, typically 2 db better than the standard model. they provide maximum performance and reliability.our products are used in disneyworld, universal studios, the harry potter exhibit as well as the finest hotels, theme parks and restaurants around the world.














:   loudspeaker reliability


 
our exclusive loudspeaker design uses dual spider woofers found only in the most expensive professional loudspeakers. along with ferrifluid cooling technology, we use santoprene weather resistant surround suspension and the latest poly mica cone materials. this permits greater power handling with lower distortion. we also include auto reset overpower protection. all loudspeakers utilize ferrifluid cooling technology.


:   soundstealth™ technology


 
this technology allows us to get great sound and at the same time totally disguise the loudspeaker, so no holes in the rock are seen. it’s virtually impossible to distinguish the stereostone soundstealth™ from a real rock.


:   outdoor weather protection


 
all of our speaker enclosures are triple protected from outdoor elements. this includes bugs, rain, snow and ice, and also the sun's ultra violet rays.
 











authorized online dealers


note:  some "online" dealers who are not listed on this web page may not be authorized dealers of stereostone inc. and are unable to provide valid proof of purchase for warranty validation. visit the authorized dealers below for specs or prices and to purchase securely online.


stereostone usa  -  541.249.7217


audiolab













any questions? feel free to contact us.


fill out and submit the form to the right and a qualified human will respond within 24 hours. 








name

email

message






















stereostone
world's finest outdoor architectural rock speakers
7361 ethel ave. #21
n. hollywood, ca 91605
phone: 818.538.1584
email: sales@stereostone.com






navigation
home
about
privacy
warranty





a lifetime of music


offering a lifetime warranty, stereostone stands behind its products. our speakers are consistently reviewed as having the premier sound quality, fit and finish in the industry.
 
now you too can own the world's finest outdoor architectural rock speakers. forever.










copyright © 2021 stereostone inc.  all rights reserved










