




home










home









about us









contact us









weekly sale ad









services









what's growing









bedding plants









shrubs and trees









roses









fruit trees









daylilies









gift ideas









q & a









events









clegg’s nursery, llc









‘shoal creek’ vitex









home 









please visit us at any of our four locations.









baton rouge                            denham springs
274 north donmoor                 31275 hwy 16
(225) 927-1419                         (225) 791-6060
 
5696 siegen lane
(225) 292-9153
 
10645 greenwell springs road
(225) 275-7006









just plant something! anyone can do it!









 
if you want a tough, yet gorgeous, 
shrub or small tree that is a 
butterfly/bee/hummingbird magnet, 
then vitex shoal creek is a must 
for your garden.
 
vitex (vitex agnus-castus) is a native of china and india, although long ago it became naturalized throughout certain areas of the united states. it has a long history as a medicinal plant. the english name "chaste tree" and the common name "monk's pepper" refer to beliefs that parts of the plant reduce libidinal desires. early-american physicians used it to stimulate lactation and as an emmenagogic.
in the gardening world, it is known as a spectacular, butterfly-attracting plant. the 12-inch, fragrant flower spikes of deep lavender blue provide a wonderful addition to summer landscape color without the work involved with bedding plants. the flowers appear in may/june with a second flush of flowers in august

  this versatile plant can be trained as a large shrub or small multi-trunked tree about 10 to 15 feet tall and wide. shoal creek vitex is more vigorous and produces larger flowers and deeper color than common vitex.
once established, vitex is very drought tolerant and fits in well to a lower-maintenance landscape. it prospers in hot and dry environments. it is deer-resistant in that deer will not eat it.
so whether you want to stimulate the presence of butterflies in your backyard with a drought-tolerant, pest-resistant plant, or whether you want to try some ancient herbal remedies, this louisiana super plant will make a statement in your garden.

growing information:
· deciduous, flowering, large shrub or small tree.
· full sun to part sun.
· grows 10-15’ tall and wide. 
· very drought tolerant.
· prefers well-drained soil.
· remove spent flowers to enhance blooming.
· vigorous growth habit.
           makes a beautiful small, multi-trunked tree.
 
- information provided by the lsu agcenter
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 
 









 
 
 
 
 
 
















