








home





















































doghealth.com
veterinarian-written / veterinarian-approved articles for your dog.




search







sign up for the free dog health newsletter: click here











health allergies arthritis & lameness brain disorders cancer circulatory digestive system ears endocrine/hormones immune system infectious diseases musculoskeletal neurological parasites reproduction respiratory skin urinary system/other vision testing care adoption how to multi-dog households nutrition puppy safety senior toxic items holiday weight management dogtv dog insurance dogs and their people tips behavior how and why inappropriate behavior playing travel grooming bathing dental care skin and fur training commands puppy training clicker training fun and play games treats breed characteristics breeds 

















welcome to doghealth.com


   



tweet












































dog health and behavior problems?
doghealth.com is here to help you provide the best care for your dog. we here at dog health want to provide you information on how you can help prevent disease, deal with problem behaviors, learn how to positively train your dog, and most important, help you give your dog a healthy, happy life.
covering issues such as dog diseases, arthritis,  dog care, dog training, dog grooming, dog behavior, and just plain how to have fun and play with your dog, doghealth.com will help you answer your dog questions.
important: if your dog is sick, do not hesitate to contact your veterinarian immediately! your vet is skilled at properly caring for your dog. doghealth.com is not a replacement for care by a veterinarian. it is only a resource for you to learn more about your dog's health.



featured products






product name:
 humunga stache
description:


i love playing with my family. running, jumping, swimming: it’s all great. but my favorite is fetch. for some reason, when we play fetch with my humunga stache, my family seems to have even more fun than usual. there’s lots of laughing and they take extra pictures of me. i don’t know why, but if it makes them happy, it’s fine with me!

link:

shop for humunga stache












product name:
 pumpkin dog toy
description:


my human went to the pumpkin patch and brought back several lovely pumpkins for the porch. i was bummed because i couldn't get her to throw them like balls for me. they looked like balls. she saw how disappointed i was and got me this pumpkin dog toy. she throws it and i chase it, and we both smile. and i leave the real pumpkins alone.

link:

shop for pumpkin dog toy














tips / facts


the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals lists over 390 plants that are poisonous to dogs—primarily when ingested.go to article 



top articles






				welcome to doghealth.com			





				how to tell if your dog is sick			





				most common canine tumors			





				top ten emergencies in dogs			





				why is some of my dog's skin turning black?			











we know cats too





newsletter



sign up for the free dog health newsletter: click here








disclaimer: this website is not intended to replace professional consultation, diagnosis, or treatment by a licensed veterinarian. if you require any veterinary related advice, contact your veterinarian promptly. information at doghealth.com is exclusively of a general reference nature. do not disregard veterinary advice or delay treatment as a result of accessing information at this site. just answer is an external service not affiliated with doghealth.com.



tweet












notice: ask-a-vet is an affiliated service for those who wish to speak with a veterinary professional about their pet's specific condition. initially, a bot will ask questions to determine the general nature of your concern. then, you will be transferred to a human. there is a charge for the service if you choose to connect to a veterinarian. ask-a-vet is not manned by the staff or owners of doghealth.com, and the advice given should not delay or replace a visit to your veterinarian.














health care behavior grooming training fun and play breed characteristics 



home sitemap contact us terms of use privacy policy cookie policy 
© copyright 2005 -  2025 doghealth.com














 


















